Chapter 969

Duke
Backlund, West Borough, within the Odora family’s villa.
Emlyn White, who had been summoned, took off his hat and coat and
entered the activity room to wait.
In this room, there were a few other Sanguine members who had been
called by name to meet the important figure. After surveying the area,
Emlyn picked a spot to sit in, right beside a man with a nose so high that it
almost seemed deformed.
Adorning his cut face was brown hair and red eyes. He held a comic in his
hand, reading through it aimlessly.
He was none other than the Sanguine who had provided Emlyn with the
information about the ancient, abandoned castle in Delaire Forest. His name
was Ernes Boyar, a viscount.
Emlyn had planned on visiting this viscount in the next couple of days, but
he never expected to bump into him here. After some careful consideration,
he said in deliberation, “Your Lordship, I would like to know where you
obtained the intel regarding the ancient abandoned castle in Delaire Forest.”
“Why? Did your client say that there weren’t any ancient wraiths?” Ernes
Boyar moved his gaze away from his comic and shot Emlyn a glance.
“No, not at all.” Emlyn didn’t provide an explanation as he stubbornly
emphasized his question again. “I’m just very curious of the source. It
doesn’t seem that simple.”
Ernes Boyar closed his comic and nodded slightly.
“It’s not a secret. I learned of it from Lord Nibbs. To be frank, I’ve never
heard of this before. I find it hard to imagine that there’s such an ancient
castle in Delaire Forest.”
Lord Nibbs… Emlyn instinctively had some thoughts arise in him.
It’s another test…
But isn’t such a test too dangerous? It even needed Mr. Fool to resolve it…
Emlyn frowned slightly as he recalled the details he had contemplated
previously. He probed, “Your Lordship, then why didn’t you explore that
ancient castle? I remember you being an archaeologist. And during this
process, you’ll be able to obtain the corresponding Beyonder ingredients of
an ancient wraith.”
“Lord Nibbs told me that it’s very dangerous. One shouldn’t approach it
unless they’re at the level of Earl.”
“…” Emlyn’s mouth gaped as his expression fell into a daze.
He then held back his anger and asked with a suppressed voice, “Then why
didn’t you warn me?”
Ernes laughed.
“Isn’t it obvious?
“How can a location with Beyonder creatures present, one that’s known by
us Sanguine, still exist if not for special reasons?”
Emlyn fell into a daze as Ernes added, “Normal reasoning should be like
this: Ancient wraiths might exist in some place in Delaire Forest. People
have encountered it before, but they were unable to find their origins.
“This means that finding those ancient wraiths is a very difficult and
troublesome affair. The time cost exceeds their value, which allows them to
live to this day.
“I thought you’d have easily discovered the problem with this reasoning.
Likewise for your client. If they had chosen to take action, they must’ve had
possessed the corresponding confidence.”
At that instant, Emlyn felt that Viscount Ernes made plenty of sense, and he
could hardly rebut him. He believed that it was because he and Miss
Magician were too foolish, resulting in her slamming headfirst into danger.
It had nothing to do with him.
The next instant, Emlyn felt embarrassed and frustrated, filled with anger
towards himself.
Finally, Emlyn figured out another problem:
Regardless of whether the intel exposes any danger or not, Ernes Boyar
should’ve clearly informed me of this point because figuring out the level
of danger, the source of danger, and how the danger manifested itself. It
held immense importance in the subsequent exploration, one that can’t be
missed!
He did it on purpose! Emlyn came to a final conclusion as his scarlet eyes
narrowed. He raised his chin and said, “Indeed. It’s easy to tell, but I’m
more curious about the danger lurking in that ancient abandoned castle.”
Ernes picked up the black tea that nearly resembled the color of blood and
sipped it.
“I’m not sure either. Lord Nibbs didn’t mention anything.”
Emlyn’s expression sank. Just as he was about to make a derisive remark,
he suddenly saw Odora Cosmi walk into the activity room and look at him.
“Emlyn, it’s time for the meeting.”
“Alright.” Emlyn reined in his emotions and pressed onto the bottom half of
his vest, standing up unhurriedly.
Following him down the stairs underground, he finally couldn’t help but
softly ask, “Baron Cosmi, who am I actually meeting? How should I
address ‘Him?”
Cosmi, who looked like a middle-aged gentleman, didn’t hide the truth. He
replied with deep respect, “Duke Olmer.”
Duke Olmer… Emlyn subconsciously straightened his back and cast his
gaze to the lamps on the wall. He appeared to use the reflection of the metal
surface to check on his appearance.
“He” was one of the three dukes that held up the Sanguine, an ancient
powerhouse who existed before the Cataclysm. His title was “Round
Moon,” with an age exceeding three thousand years. He had once followed
in the footsteps of Ancestor Lilith!
Without a doubt, this was synonymous with the history and glory of the
Sanguine!
After passing several secret doors, Emlyn and Cosmi arrived inside a metal-
gray hall.
The ground and walls were filled with green grass, flowers, and grain.
Insects were crawling between the plants, making Emlyn feel as though he
had left the city and arrived somewhere rural. He felt life thriving all around
him.
Such a scene didn’t seem too odd, but on careful inspection, there were
many strange points.
The grass had mouth-like crevices with fibers flying out of them to capture
the insects. The flowers used their leaves as hands to harvest pollen for
themselves. The grains were heavy, occasionally emitting wailing from
inside. There was a myriad spectrum of extraordinary insects. Some had
snakes for heads, others birds.
These things grew lusher the closer it was to the middle of the hall.
Surrounding the area was a grave filled with exuberant spirits.
Cosmi faced the grave and reverently bowed.
“Your Grace, Emlyn White is here.”
“Good afternoon, Your Grace.” Emlyn didn’t don his usual arrogance and
was, in fact, a little flustered.
Inside the grave, a mellow voice which didn’t betray its owner’s age
chuckled.
“A very outstanding young Sanguine.
“Cosmi, you may leave for now.”
“Yes, Your Grace.” Cosmi bowed in response and left the metal-gray hall
that was filled with freshness.
Emlyn stood there, listening to the mellow voice from the grave.
“In the morning, Nibbs informed me that you obtained the Artificial
Vampire Beyonder characteristic that corresponds to the viscount title?”
“Yes, but it has been corrupted and requires purification.” Emlyn hadn’t
mentioned the need to remove the mental corruption in the Beyonder
characteristics, because he believed that it was a trivial matter to the
Sanguine. At the very least, Baron Cosmi had previously confirmed that it
was possible.
Olmer tersely acknowledged.
“Very well. I’ll personally purify that characteristic.”
“He” paused before saying, “Although the Sanguine enjoy a long life, we
will still mature and grow old. There will be new births and deaths.
Regardless, nurturing young members is a necessity for any race. As for the
excellent talent and outstanding abilities you have recently showcased, they
have made you a target we place great importance on. Therefore, I
personally came to meet you to give you some tests so as to expedite your
growth.” Excellent talent and outstanding abilities… Emlyn raised his chin
slightly higher once again.
He then sighed inwardly.
Indeed, just as Mr. Hanged Man determined, there will be a test and
mission, as well as an interview…
Amidst his overflowing emotions, Emlyn replied reverently, “I’m always
prepared.”
“Not bad,” Olmer’s mellow voice sounded from the grave. “Your next
mission is to find the key members of the Rose School of Thought that are
hiding in Backlund. There are very few clues for this, and many situations
will require you to carry out the investigation by yourself.”
Rose School of Thought? They have a grudge with us Sanguine? They
seemed to be taking in some believers of the Primordial Moon? Emlyn
actually knew quite a bit about the Rose School of Thought via the Tarot
Club, but he deliberately hid this without showcasing it.
“Apart from taking in believers of the Primordial Moon, they have in their
possession one of the holy artifacts of us Sanguine. It was something left by
the Ancestor. We need to retrieve it.” There was a solemnity in Olmer’s
voice.
Left by the Ancestor… Holy artifact of the Sanguine… Emlyn didn’t
hesitate to say, “Your Grace, I’ll work hard to find the key members of the
Rose School of Thought in Backlund.”
Olmer’s voice turned mellow.
“Very good. Get some of the intel from Cosmi in a while and seek out an
incisive point.”
Emlyn was already eager to do so, but he still restrained himself, asking in
deliberation, “Your Grace, do you know about the abandoned ancient castle
in Delaire Forest?”
“You wish to head there? It’s very dangerous,” Olmer said from inside the
grave.
Emlyn didn’t explain as he directly asked, “What kind of danger?”
Olmer chuckled.
“That ancient castle might be older than me, even older than Delaire Forest.
“I do not know who built it. I only know that there’s something sealed
underground, and it hides an immense secret.
“Any creature that approaches it will be in danger of being corrupted by the
force within. We once imagined that it has something to do with the Abyss,
but a Devil suffered corruption after being thrown into the ancient castle as
well, turning crazy and chaotic from his cold and cruel demeanor.”
Then why didn’t you attempt to open the seal to figure out the situation?
Emlyn mumbled inwardly but didn’t say a word.
Olmer didn’t speak further as “He” ended the conversation and dismissed
Emlyn.
In the evening, Backlund was covered with dark clouds as a drizzle began
falling.
Emlyn White wore a hat and walked under a sheltered veranda, his scarlet
eyes locked onto Viscount Ernes Boyar who was browsing some antique
stores.
He was upset that Ernes had given him incomplete intelligence, so he had
subconsciously tailed him after leaving the Odora villa.
But after a while, he felt lost. He hadn’t figured out how to deal with Ernes
or how severe a lesson he should teach him.