Chapter 244

: Appointee
“What?” Fors touched her earlobes, wondering if she had heard wrongly.
The beautiful, naive, curious, and scatter-brained Miss Audrey actually
assigned an assassination mission!?
Furthermore, the target is the ambassador of Intis, a powerful country in
the Northern Continent!
Xio was slow on the uptake as she hesitantly said, “Our strength i-isn’t
enough to complete this mission.”
The first thing she considered was the difficulty of the mission!
Audrey ignored her question and allowed her to imagine the reason. She
said, with faint dimples showing, “I’m not asking you to take the job. I just
wish for you to find a Beyonder with the strength to complete it. For
example, Mr. A, I’ll pay you 4000 gold pounds for this. Of course, this is
only my initial offer. The details are negotiable.
“If it eventually succeeds, I’ll pay you 500 pounds. Even if the mission ends
up failing, you will receive 200 pounds due to the risk you have taken.”
Her uninvested annuity and the rest of the bounty was around 13,000
pounds. However, any large utilization of it would certainly attract the
attention of Count Hall, and even the Varvat Bank would investigate. She
had calculated that 5000 pounds was the tipping point, and it was best not to
exceed it.
4000 gold pounds… Xio heard her own heavy breathing, but she quickly
became depressed, knowing full well that she wouldn’t be able to complete
the mission herself.
Just 500 pounds to seek out other Beyonders in our names while
maintaining it a secret… Miss Audrey is the most generous and beautiful
lady I’ve ever seen! Xio quickly returned to reality.
While feeling enticed, Fors’s mind was filled with questions.
Why would Miss Audrey delegate such a mission?
Is there some internal strife among nobles?
Is this the precursor to inciting a war?
Is Count Hall representing some important figure in a bid to make the
situation turn chaotic?
…
The duo quickly contacted Mr. A using a previously agreed-upon channel.
At three o’clock in the afternoon, when the rare sunlight shined through the
fog and lit up the whole of Backlund, they arrived at the house where they
had previously participated in gatherings. There, they saw Mr. A sitting with
his legs up and his hood over his head, but he gave off a condescending air.
“You said that you have something important to talk to me about?” Mr. A’s
eyes move back and forth between the two ladies.
I heard that some female Beyonders would use their bodies to trade for
potion ingredients with Mr. A… He’s really a disgusting pervert… Fors
curled her lips and said, “There’s a large transaction; I wonder if you’re
interested in it?”
Mr. A scanned Xio’s face and chuckled.
“Tell me. Let’s see what this large transaction is.”
Holding back the urge to draw her triangular blade, Xio answered with the
tone of a tribunal, “Assassinate the Intis ambassador to the Loen Kingdom,
Bakerland Jean Madan.”
Mr. A fell silent, but since his expression was obscured by the shadow of his
hood, Xio and Fors couldn’t guess what he was thinking.
After a while, he slowly leaned back and said with a deep voice, “So,
what’s the reward?”
“4000 pounds. In addition, we will provide the relevant information such as
Ambassador Bakerland is a Sequence 6 Conspiracist of the Hunter pathway,
or that his weakness is lust.” Xio tried her best to make Mr. A believe that
there was hope in completing the mission.
Mr. A chuckled and said, “I can accept this mission, but the reward must be
raised.”
“The first choice—the potion formulas to Unshadowed, Cataclysmic
Interrer, Prophet, or Manipulator. Of course, their price is higher than this
mission. There’s no need for the complete formula. A partial formula will
suffice.
“The second choice—10,000 gold pounds. Heh, this is the bounty of Rear
Admiral Hurricane Qilangos. Bakerland’s strength definitely isn’t as strong
as he is, but he has powerful aides. Besides, believe me, he definitely has
mystical objects on him.”
A reasonable price, but that’s also an exaggerated price… Xio and Fors
looked at each other and said, “We shall return and discuss it. At this time
tomorrow, we’ll give you our answer.”
“Sure.” Mr. A made a gesture of farewell.
After being led out by an attendant, Fors murmured in puzzlement, “Those
are High-Sequence Beyonder formulas?”
“Frankly speaking, I find it strange. I thought Mr. A would only want
formulas or potion ingredients. Money shouldn’t be a necessity for him.”
Xio turned to look at her friend.
“Fors, you really are a naive clinical doctor and author. You must know that
Mr. A has many subordinates. They need a house to sleep in, stomachs to
fill, clothes to buy, and the need to vent their desires. All of this has to be
bought using money. Besides, to some nobles who have declined, what
wouldn’t they sell if there are gold pounds to be made?
“Without his men, Mr. A would be just as scary, but he will be rather
lacking in intelligence.
“That’s what all the small gangs in the East Borough know.”
Fors frowned and said, “Xio, you’re not that stupid after all…”
In the evening, the two of them met the familiar large golden retriever at a
predetermined location and passed Mr. A’s reply to Audrey.
When Audrey finished reading the note, not only did she not feel stumped,
she even let out a long sigh of relief.
It was simply wonderful for her that she could finish the ambassador with
just 10,000 gold pounds!
For the time being, I can only use 5000 pounds. I’ll still have to pay Xio
and Fors 500 pounds… Well, first of all, I’ll borrow 6000 pounds, no—8000
pounds. I can’t expose any problems with my daily expenses. Then, I’ll pay
him back over four to five months, with interest of 1000 pounds… Before the
new year, I will be quite poor, having only 1000 pounds to use a month…
Audrey quickly made her decision. Then she burned the original slip of
paper and wrote on a new piece of paper.
“The second option. An advance of 2000 pounds and the remaining 8000
pounds will be paid after the mission is completed.”
…
At 15 Minsk Street, Klein saw Mary Gale again at tea time.
He had initiated the meeting through Mrs. Stelyn Sammer.
“Madam Mary, I found out that your husband went to the Quelaag Club
while tailing him. However, I wasn’t able to enter because I’m not a
member of the club. Even so, according to my observations, about half an
hour after your husband left, only one young lady came out. Her name is
Erica Taylor, who lives at 126 New Year’s Street, Hillston Borough. She
used to work at Coim for a period of time and is currently unemployed. I
took a picture of her leaving the Quelaag Club.”
“She’s unemployed; yet, she can live in Hillston Borough…” Stelyn
sneered.
Mary wore a gloomy expression as she remained silent for a few seconds.
“You have to obtain material evidence of them being intimate. Oh… The
Quelaag Club, right? I’ll get two members to nominate you as a member,
but you must fill in your particulars as ‘famous detective.’ I can’t get people
to bring you in because it might not mesh well with the schedules of
others.”
“Alright.” Klein hesitated, but still asked, “Who will pay the club fees?”
“I will be responsible for the initial fees. This is in return for your
efficiency. If you wish to remain in the club, you will have to pay the
annual fee of about 15 pounds yourself.” There seemed to be a fire burning
in Mary’s eyes.
The fee is fifteen pounds a year, and the initiation fee is at least fifty
pounds… A high-end club… Madam Mary, you sure are generous! Klein
immediately nodded.
“I will provide you with the evidence as soon as possible.”
…
After dinner, Klein went out again and continued to the Bravehearts Bar in
the Backlund Bridge area.
There were two reasons for this. First, he wanted to show his helplessness
in front of the military’s special department and the police who were
observing him in secret. He wanted to appear as though he was trying every
method to save himself. Second, he also wanted to deceive the Mid-
Sequence Beyonder from the Seer pathway under the Ambassador’s
command.
In matters involving the gray fog, Klein believed that the gentleman or lady
would never be able to succeed in a divination, including his own
resurrection and past events, as well as how he had successfully created the
Language of Foulness charm through the help of the True Creator.
This is definitely a powerful item that can affect my opponent. Klein had to
maintain his act of feeling unsafe and his act of madly grasping at all kinds
of straw to mislead his opponent in order to increase his chances of victory.
Under the dark night, Klein entered the bar.
Before he could get a beer, he saw Kaspars, the old man with the brandy
nose, standing in front of the rat-baiting ring with his arms crossed.
“Perfect timing. Maric is looking for you.” Kaspars spotted Klein and
limped over.
“Maric is looking for me?” Klein asked in shock.
Instinctively, he touched the Azik’s copper whistle in his pocket and
considered what excuse he could use to politely decline the meeting.
Or could it be that wrapping the copper whistle with one’s spirituality
wouldn’t cause any zombie-like phenomenon? It wasn’t like Mr. Azik hadn’t
been to the cemetery before, nor had any corpses attacked him… Klein
tensed up.
Before he could come up with an excuse, he saw Maric, his face pale and
his eyes filled with malice, walking over. He wasn’t surrounded by any
zombies.
Where are his zombies? Klein thought with a mixture of puzzlement and
relief.
Maric pointed to the card room and walked over there first. Klein looked
into the distance and followed him since there were no zombies.
“What’s the matter?” Klein took the initiative to ask.
Maric, in a black vest and white shirt, sat on the card table and stared into
Klein’s eyes.
“Does that job of yours still stand?”
“Huh?” Klein wasn’t able to react in time.
“I have a friend who is short on money and is willing to accept this
commission. She’s stronger than me and should be able to protect you.
However, she can only protect you for three days. The price is 1000
pounds,” Maric said in a low, slurred voice.
Why is a Beyonder willing to accept the commission only after I acquired
the Language of Foulness… However, this is good as well. This will be able
to confuse the ambassador’s Beyonder. After he painstakingly defeats
Maric’s friend, my chances of success will become extremely high… The
only problem is determining if Maric’s friend is trustworthy… Hmm, I’ll go
above the gray fog to divine it… Klein pondered for a moment and said,
“Give me time to consider it and save up the necessary funds. It’s not a
small sum.
“Also, it’s best if the person protecting me is hidden. It must be
confidential. As for the three days of protection, that is up to me. It’s
definitely within these two weeks.”
Of course, the Seer would definitely be aware of it… Klein silently added.
As for money, he had already considered it from the beginning. If selling
Meursault’s Beyonder characteristic wasn’t enough, he would ask Miss
Justice for money. After all, he had made the preparations. Roselle’s diary
still had a lot of knowledge that could be sold. Of course, if the price was
simply unacceptable, he could forgo it.
Now, although Meursault’s Beyonder characteristic had become the
Language of Foulness charm, I still have Miss Justice! She still owes me the
money needed for Sequence 8 Light Suppliant as well as the intelligence
regarding the Secret Order. Combining those together, 1000 pounds would
be enough!