Chapter 529

: Tacitness
48 Acid Lemon Street, outside the Wind of Azure Inn.
Dressed in a thick jacket and pantaloons, Blazing Danitz returned by taking
a detour. He clung to the corner of a wall, remaining motionless for a long
time. He was hesitating on whether to take the opportunity to run away and
not face the terrifying madman, Gehrman Sparrow, again.
Unlike the battle at Bansy Harbor, he was hiding on a rooftop far away this
time. It allowed him to take in the entire battle zone. Therefore, while
supporting Gehrman Sparrow and battling Blood Brambles Hendry, he
finally saw the combat process of the crazy adventurer, finally grasping his
Beyonder powers and traits.
Paper figurine substitutes, phasing out from flames, psychic blasts, a holy
beam from the Sun domain, shooting out air bullets with his finger, the
ability to disguise himself into another person, as well as a glove that
changes its appearance several times and devoured Squall. His powers far
exceed my imagination, and there are a few that can’t be compatible with
each other. This isn’t something that can be explained simply with the
addition of one or two miraculous items to a Sequence… Also, the sense of
hunger that came from the depths of his soul explains something… That
glove from the Vice Admiral Hurricane, Creeping Hunger! Captain had
specifically reminded us that the glove can use the souls of many Beyonders
for Grazing and thus use their powers… Danitz went through the thoughts
he previously had and came to a final judgment.
Gehrman Sparrow is the current owner of Creeping Hunger!
He didn’t feel any sense of belittlement simply because Gehrman had relied
on a powerful mystical item to display such terrifying strength. Instead, he
felt even more reverence for him.
The reason for this was just one; a large part of using a mystical item to its
fullest had to do with one’s abilities. Without sufficient strength and
extraordinary combat experience, even with Creeping Hunger, Gehrman
Sparrow wouldn’t have been able to finish off Steel Maveti and Calm
Squall within ten seconds.
Two, his Captain, Vice Admiral Edwina Edwards, learned from secret
sources that Vice Admiral Hurricane didn’t die at the hands of the Church of
Storms, but instead, he was quickly killed by a particular powerhouse while
fleeing.
Danitz had no lack of understanding regarding the power of Vice Admiral
Hurricane, Qilangos, back when he was at his peak. He knew that the
standing of a powerhouse which could easily finish him off was equal to
that of the top pirate powers. Furthermore, it would be two of the most
powerful and terrifying ones, the King of the Five Seas and Queen Mystic!
Although there’s the factor of surprise, it would just lower the evaluation by
a little. The person wouldn’t be much weaker than the King of Immortality,
and they’ll be stronger than Admiral Hell and Admiral of Blood… Creeping
Hunger now belongs to Gehrman Sparrow; this means that he’s either the
one who killed Qilangos, or there’s a power figure at the level of the Four
Kings backing him up. No matter which possibility it is, it’s all the more
terrifying than I had originally expected! Danitz’s body tensed up. He really
didn’t want to face the adventurer who had crazy blood flowing in him.
Phew… He heaved a sigh of relief. He felt that he had been hesitating here
for too long and that he had to make a decision as soon as possible.
Gehrman Sparrow knows how to divine, and he’s rather confident in his
abilities in this domain. With my Shadow Cloak in his hands, escaping
won’t only fail, but it would also end up infuriating him… Shadow Cloak is
a rare mystical item…Clenching his teeth, Danitz turned the corner and
went through the door of the hotel, all the way to the luxurious suite.
After a few seconds of careful waiting and observation, Danitz took out his
key and opened the door.
He saw that the room was dark, that the gas wall lights hadn’t been lit, and
that the not-very-bright light of the early morning was shining through the
window and onto Gehrman Sparrow who was facing the door.
The adventurer had changed back into his usual tweed black overcoat with
dark trousers. He held a half top hat in his hand, and his right foot was
raised over his left thigh.
He leaned back a little, his face obscured since his back was to the window.
Only his dark brown eyes, which were exceptionally clear, watched the
door with indifference and calmness.
Danitz unconsciously lowered his head, laughed dryly, and said, “In
accordance with your instructions, I circled to a few news agencies and
wrote the information that Blazing had killed Steel Maveti, Blood Brambles
Hendry, and Squall on pieces of paper and threw them in.
“Of course, I mentioned having a powerful helper in this piece of news.
He’s a mysterious, unknown, a top adventurer, and a veteran bounty
hunter.”
Klein nodded, revealing a polite smile.
“Very good.”
With a sigh of relief, Danitz looked around and saw the peacock-blue
carpet.
He was stunned for a few seconds before asking in puzzlement, “What
about the heads of Steel and Hendry?”
Klein replied calmly, “Wasn’t taken.”
“You didn’t take them?” Danitz exclaimed in astonishment. “Then what
about our bounty?”
As long as they had the heads of Steel and Blood Brambles, he would be
able to get the appropriate bounty through people with connections.
Although this would cost them 15 to 30 percent of the money received, he
couldn’t claim the bounty himself as a pirate. This was the only way, as the
military’s and the Church’s use of bounty rewards to encourage pirates to
kill each other didn’t mean that they would turn a blind eye to a gift that
came walking through the door.
To Danitz’s surprise, Gehrman Sparrow, whose eyes were crazed with the
desire for money, had actually not taken the heads of Steel and Blood
Brambles, which meant that he had automatically given up on the bounty.
Klein didn’t answer him and pointed to the Flying Carpet on the ground.
“You had helped in this. You have two choices.
“One is 3,000 pounds in cash, and the other is this Flying Carpet.
“You have five seconds to consider. Exceeding that time will be considered
as forfeiting.”
3,000 pounds in cash or the Flying Carpet? This Flying Carpet seems to
only have the ability of suspension and flight. Furthermore, its speed isn’t
too fast, and it’s not too useful… No, at sea, to a Beyonder not from the
Sailor pathway, such items are very precious. At the very least, there’s no
need to worry about the aftermath of a ship being sunk… Danitz was
momentarily thrown into a dilemma.
Then he heard Gehrman Sparrow’s voice counting.
“3, 2…”
Danitz’s heart skipped a beat, and he quickly said, “Flying Carpet!”
Klein nodded and said, “Okay.”
With the knowledge that Gehrman had great credibility, Danitz finally
relaxed before asking with a grumbling mumble, “Why didn’t you count 5
and 4?”
Wasn’t it supposed to be five seconds!?
Klein replied without changing his expression, “Counted inwardly.”
Counted inwardly… Danitz took a deep breath and grimaced.
Klein slowly stood up, flicked his wrist, threw the hat from his hand, and
left it hanging firmly on the rack before walking to his bedroom.
…
Cathedral of Waves.
Alger, who entered in the name of coming for morning prayers, met the
diocese bishop, Chogo, and explained everything that had happened last
night. The only thing that had been modified was that the Sanguine
anesthesia gas had been turned into a Slumber Charm of the Church of
Evernight.
Chogo nodded in approval.
“To be able to go deep into the enemy’s lair and bear the risk of death for
the sake of your faith, such an act is worthy of praise. You are a true storm
attendant.
“Last night, we captured five Beyonders and killed two of them on the spot.
As a result of this, Maveti, Hendry, and Squall have also died. The heads of
these three pirates will no longer appear, or they will be in our hands, so the
government’s bounty will be ours.
“The total receivable reward will exceed more than 10,000 pounds in total,
and you will receive the bulk of it, which is 6,000 pounds.
“Do not refuse. The Lord has told us that those who fight for their faith
must not be reserved.”
“Holy Lord of Storms!” An excited Alger pounded his left chest with his
fist.
Although he and The World didn’t agree on how to split the spoils of war,
he believed that the two of them had come to a tacit understanding. For
example, they were not to interfere with each other when hunting pirates.
As the bounty needed to be laundered through the Church, the two of them
would split it equally.
As for the bounty offered by countries and organizations such as Intis and
Feysac, Alger didn’t hold any expectations for them. This was because
every time one exchanged for the bounty reward, one needed to hand over
the corpse or head of the target. Therefore, only one entity could be chosen.
Only those with a deep background and good relations with the various
organizations and countries could receive all of them.
3,000 pounds will belong to The World… If I were to lose 3,000 pounds at
once, it will raise suspicion. Yes, I’ll have to find an opportunity to buy a
mystical item. Such things are rare, so they’re often overpriced, even more
so when in times of great need. No one will doubt that I spent 5,000 pounds
on a purchase that’s worth 3,000 pounds… If I sell the items obtained from
Old Quinn, the ones he had received, the accounts would be squared…
Alger quickly came up with a follow-up solution.
…
Knowing that he had 3,000 pounds waiting for him, Klein sat happily in the
high-back chair of The Fool and considered a serious question.
That is, after Grazing Steel Maveti, he had to release a soul from Creeping
Hunger as he promised.
Their Beyonder powers are quite useful. It’s quite a pity to release them
before finding a replacement. Yes… Besides, I’ve already released that
Faceless. There doesn’t seem to be a need to do it this time… Feelings of
hesitation and reluctance to part had stirred in Klein’s heart as he was
thrown into a dilemma. He was unable to make a decision.
After a long time, he leaned back and exhaled.
I can’t deceive myself. He shook his head and laughed, turning relaxed from
making up his mind.
He decided to keep his promise and release a soul.
The Faceless from before had been released early because he wanted to
receive some corresponding information. It was already an equal exchange.
Which one should I release? Miss Justice bought the materials for a
Psychiatrist potion and a mystical item worth 5,500. Even if she’s rich, her
financial situation should be tight, so it wouldn’t be appropriate to sell the
Psychiatrist characteristic at this time. Yes, she still owes my adorer 2,000
pounds and will repay the money in February or March… Klein rejected the
idea and decided to release the Nightmare.
As a former Nighthawk, he always had an inclination and felt gratitude
based on his impression and feelings towards Beyonders in this domain;
therefore, it wasn’t difficult to make a choice in these situations without
having any other factors to consider.
Calming himself down, Klein picked up the human-skinned glove that he
had previously brought above the gray fog. He closed his eyes and began to
sense the distorted souls.
Without any hesitation, he released the Nightmare.