Chapter 580

: Wormtongue
Klein slowly turned his head and shot a glance at Danitz.
The pirate with a bounty of 5,500 pounds immediately shut his mouth and
clamped up. It was as though nothing had happened.
After confirming that Helene boarded the liner without issues, he turned
around and walked to the side of the carriage. He pretended to casually ask,
“Did you hear the conversation?”
“No, no. A little, just a little…” Danitz shook his head as he gave a hollow
chuckle.
Klein nodded slightly and said, “You have to remember; otherwise, it’ll be
easy for people to see through you.”
“See through… me?” Danitz raised his hand and pointed at his nose and
said blankly.
Klein said without changing his expression, “She’s from the Sauron family.
She has anti-tracking Beyonder abilities. Together with her ticks and
behavior, it can be confirmed that she’s a Sequence 7 from the Hunter
pathway, Pyromaniac. She’s very similar to you, and you’ll be able to do a
good job acting as her.”
“Me? I won’t do! I won’t be able to disguise myself like her! I’ll be
identified with just a look!” Danitz jumped in fright.
Klein held back his laughter and said in a deep voice, “I’ll lend you
Creeping Hunger.”
“… No, no! I have no experience in such matters. I won’t be able to fool
Vice Admiral Ailment’s subordinates!” Abnormally nervous and horrified,
Danitz declined the mission.
To him, this was an extremely embarrassing and dogsh*t matter. Only a
pervert or a madman would complete it without any qualms.
Klein nodded in agreement and said without an expression, “Indeed, you
are rather stupid.”
Danitz forced a smile. “Yes, I’m very stupid.”
Klein didn’t say a word as he walked past Danitz and opened the door to the
carriage.
Danitz followed him with his eyes when he suddenly saw Gehrman
Sparrow’s hair turn red.
He blinked his dull eyes and saw the man’s facial contours turn soft and his
eyes turning emerald-green. His lips turned thin as they pursed, making him
look frail and insecure. He had a masculine beauty and looked identical to
Helene who had just left.
“…” After watching Gehrman Sparrow enter the carriage, Danitz turned his
head back as the corners of his mouth twitched.
He was silent for a few seconds before he muttered silently, What a
madman. He changed into a woman without any hesitation!
I have to say that Helene looks pretty good when disguised as a man.
This Beyonder power sure is useful. If I can receive an item like that and
figure out what Captain’s ideal type is, then I can make the corresponding
changes and make her fall in love with me.
But in that case, would the person that she falls in love with still be me?
Danitz found himself pondering over philosophical questions until he heard
a cough from the carriage behind him.
He snapped to his senses and drove the carriage away from the harbor. He
planned on making a huge detour before circling back.
Inside the carriage, Klein wasn’t as calm as he appeared. Although Helene
was in male clothes, allowing him to temporarily not bother about the most
embarrassing parts, he still felt quite embarrassed to have his face change
into a woman’s while squeezing out breasts. This left him feeling down and
awkward.
Sigh, a Faceless’s change in appearance is very easy. The difficult part is
apparently the mind. To act as a good Faceless, I’ll have to cross many
mental blocks. If I don’t, then I’ll have to spend a great deal of time to act
as a real person for many years. My identity has to be recognized by
everyone as I fully immerse myself into that character until I almost treat it
like it’s real… This is more challenging on my bottom line. It’s crazy and
warped.
To speed up my progress, I have to overcome a certain number of obstacles.
Klein pulled out a suitcase from under the carriage’s seat. He rummaged for
some cloth and clothes before replicating Helene’s disguise.
He could’ve gotten Danitz to act as Helene and borrow the mystical item
with the Faceless Beyonder characteristic from Justice for a few days
without a problem.
However, that meant that there was a high chance of Danitz facing Vice
Admiral Ailment Tracy directly. Without the Clown’s powers, it was almost
impossible for him to hide it from her, putting his life in extreme danger.
It was impossible for Klein to make others bear such huge risks for his own
matters; therefore, he could only challenge himself and do it himself.
Soon, he looked identical to Helene. Under the black top hat was a
handsome androgynous face with soft and pronounced contours. His
emerald-green eyes looked as beautiful as gems.
He adjusted his build, making himself shorter by a few centimeters and
narrowing his shoulder width. His frame shrank and he looked like he had
lightened significantly.
His current appearance quickly surfaced in Klein’s mind with his Clown
powers.
It’s still not bad. There’s not much to it… Perhaps it’s because I’m not in
female clothes, so it doesn’t feel much different from turning into Gehrman
Sparrow, Danitz, or someone else. I just look prettier and have some
discomfort in my chest… If I look like that on Earth, I wouldn’t have needed
to worry about not having a girlfriend, he mocked and consoled himself as
he curled the corners of his mouth.
What looked like a normal action on Gehrman Sparrow now looked pitiful
and sorry.
F**k ! Klein cursed silently as he quickly adjusted his state of mind. Bit by
bit, he immersed himself into the state of true acting.
With the passage of time, he discovered that the resistance he had had
lessened significantly. Following that, he felt relaxed and calm as though
the potion had harmonized itself further.
And that meant that the speed of his digestion would speed up.
It really is useful… Klein said silently as he got up and took four steps
counterclockwise. He went above the gray fog and once again confirmed
the danger level of his upcoming operation.
After returning to the real world, he switched to using Helene’s voice and
deliberately suppressed it.
“Head to Pier 6 at the harbor.”
Danitz didn’t find anything amiss, but he suddenly came to a realization
after changing directions. He couldn’t help but tremble. It’s like the real
person… I wouldn’t be able to distinguish him if the day comes where he
transforms into Captain to fool me…
After a while, the carriage reentered the harbor and went to the liner which
Helene was originally meant to board. But it didn’t truly approach it and
had instead circled around to a nearby warehouse.
Danitz jumped off the carriage and knocked on the warehouse’s door,
according to a prior agreed pattern.
Out came a group of dock workers who were clearly of native blood.
Following that, they made way.
After confirming that there wasn’t anything amiss, the bald member of the
Resistance, Kalat, came out on a wheelchair.
“Where is she?” he looked at Danitz as he asked.
Through Helene’s matter, Danitz had successfully established
communications with the Resistance.
Danitz laughed mischievously.
“In the carriage.
“She’s been drugged with medicine that makes her lose her strength. Its
effects will last another ten hours.
“Remember, I want 70% of the thousand-pound reward.”
Kalat raised his right arm and waved it. Immediately two thin members of
the Resistance got onto the carriage.
“Boss, it’s that woman,” they soon poked their heads out and said in the
tone of a local gang.
“Take her down. Our mission is to protect her,” Kalat emphasized again.
Helene, who was disguised as a male, was helped down from the carriage
with two soldiers supporting her on either side of her
With his control as a Clown, Klein pretended to be weak in the knees as he
staggered.
He was soon moved to a room among the Bayam populace. At the same
time, Kalat instructed a local gang member, who believed in Sea God, to
find Strongman Ozil and tell him that they had found the target. He was to
bring 1,000 pounds in exchange for the woman. As for Danitz, he had
returned to the inn to await the news.
At noon, Ozil replied saying that he couldn’t be sure if the person was the
real deal and had planned on sending a person over to confirm things.
Kalat agreed to his request.
Closer to the evening, a figure appeared outside the house.
He was a man wearing pantaloons and a jacket. He was Loenese and was
dressed in the style of a native. He had short brows, about half of the
average person’s. His brown eyes were recessed, and his face looked cut.
Kalat pushed himself on a wheelchair and appeared by the door. After
seeing the man, he said in a heavy voice, “Mithor King?”
“Should I be honored that you actually know me?” The man laughed.
He was originally a captain of one of the pirate ships under Vice Admiral
Hurricane Qilangos. After Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy took over the crew,
he took on the role as third mate of her flagship, the Black Death. His
nickname was Wormtongue, with a bounty of 5,400 pounds.
Kalat didn’t reply as he wheeled himself to make way.
Mithor entered a nearby room after being led by a gang member. Inside, he
saw Helene sitting by the bedside in a gentleman’s outfit. Her eyes were
darting about and glaring at him. Her teeth bit down on her lip as she
looked furious and fearful while having feelings of despair and obstinacy.
“It’s her alright. However, I can’t be certain because she’s wearing thick
makeup. It’s hard to tell what a woman really looks like once they don thick
makeup. Wipe her face clean for me. Hey, why didn’t you cuff her? Don’t
you know she’s dangerous?” Mithor surveyed the area and took two steps
back in a guarded manner.
“She’s been drugged. She doesn’t have much strength and hasn’t resisted.
But since you asked…” Kalat lifted his chin to a Resistance soldier.
The soldier found a pair of cuffs and walked over. After pulling Klein’s
hands back, he cuffed him.
Klein continued wearing mixed emotions like before, trying hard to act like
he was struggling despite having a lack of strength.
Then, another gang member got some water and wiped his face with a
rough towel.
Thankfully, most of the makeup in this era isn’t waterproof… Klein began
changing his face’s contours as the towel covered his face.
Before long, Mithor saw Helene’s moist face. She looked extraordinarily
frail and beautiful in this state. Her emerald-green eyes shot out with
intense hatred and a look of perplexity.
Unfortunately, she’s Captain’s… Mithor’s throat moved.
As a man and a pirate, he often fantasized about Vice Admiral Ailment
Tracy and red-haired Helene falling into his embrace at the same time, but
of course, it was only his imagination.
The way he looks at me is disgusting… Klein nearly puked.
Although he knew that it was targeted at red-haired Helene and had nothing
to do with him, he couldn’t help but feel goosebumps.
In that instant, he got to know the real him a little deeper. He knew what
things he couldn’t accept at all.
“It really is her.” Mithor turned his head and said to Kalat, “This is your
reward.”
He threw the tiny leather bag in his hand over to him.
Kalat did a brief inspection and threw it to his subordinate. He pondered for
a second and said, “We still need your help.”
“No problem. Seek out Ozil when needed.” Mithor pointed to red-haired
Helene in the room and asked, “I’ll take her away, right?”
“Yes.” Kalat made way once again.
Klein didn’t wish to be helped by Mithor as he pretended to have regained
some of his mobility while stumbling out.
Mithor was afraid of Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy, so he could only hold her
by her shoulder and lead her to the carriage parked outside.
The carriage left the city and came to a private harbor. Mithor led Klein,
who was disguised as red-haired Helene, onto a fishing boat which had
been long prepared. Under the cover of the night, they left Bayam.
After about an hour, they saw a ship docked under the shadow of an island’s
cliff. Fluttering in the wind was a huge flag with white bones drawn on it.
Black Death!