Chapter 1338

: Exploration
Verdu subconsciously swallowed his saliva, feeling an indescribable sense
of fear.
He didn’t know what he was afraid of. There wasn’t any real danger; yet, a
drop of unknown liquid falling from above was enough to chill his spine
and tighten his pores.
Perhaps it was because the environment was too eerie and silent, or perhaps
it was because of the identity and unknown origins of the liquid… Verdu
cautiously moved two steps outside and patiently observed.
In the next few minutes, nothing abnormal happened. No more liquid fell
from above.
This made Verdu suspect that it was only a bird passing by. There was a
freshwater fish from the island’s streams or a sea fish in its mouth and a
slightly sticky liquid dripped from its surface.
He calmed himself and then checked on the ruins of the telegraph office.
Ten minutes later, Verdu confirmed that there were only traces of blood and
simple murals that were related to mysticism. It was worth researching.
He didn’t rashly extract samples of the blood-colored soil or make copies of
the strange mural. Instead, he took out a pure dreamy crystal ball from his
pocket.
As an Astrologer, he naturally had to use his best techniques to confirm if
he should take action.
Holding the crystal ball in his left hand, his right hand touched the top of
the crystal ball as Verdu entered the state of an Astrologer.
In the next second, the crystal ball shone brightly.
Bang!
It exploded and scattered shards in every direction.
“…” Verdu’s gaze froze. He stood rooted to the ground, completely
ignoring the pain brought to him by the shards piercing into his body.
“It exploded… it actually exploded…” he muttered to himself in disbelief.
The crystal ball shards that stabbed into his body didn’t seem to break
through the classic robe. At that moment, they fell without any blood on
them.
Of course, there were a few shards left on Verdu’s jaw and face, peppering
them with small wounds.
“Who is it?” Verdu suddenly came to his senses and turned to face another
direction.
In the ruins opposite him, a figure walked out. It was the woman in
scantily-clad clothes from the pirate ship.
She had hidden herself very well and wasn’t discovered by Verdu.
However, the explosion from the crystal ball gave her a fright and made her
react excessively, causing her to fail to maintain her hidden state.
Verdu’s injured face immediately twisted.
“Why are you here?”
The lady curled her lips and put on an indifferent attitude.
“This is Bansy Harbor, not your home. Why can’t I be here?
“I felt bored and came down to take a stroll, hoping to pick up some jewelry
from the ruins. Is there any problem with that?”
She retorted with a few questions without any intention of distancing
herself from Verdu.
Verdu didn’t argue with her. He took out the medicine and medical alcohol
that he had prepared beforehand and treated his facial and chin injuries. He
then pulled out the crystal ball shards and put them back into his pocket.
He didn’t want his blood to remain in such a strange place.
Following that, Verdu pulled on an accessory on the classic robe.
It was a door-shaped symbol formed from three rubies, three emeralds, and
three diamonds.
In an instant, the long robe tightened, accentuating the flesh on Verdu’s
body.
Just as Verdu’s bones were about to be crushed, his figure gradually faded
and he disappeared.
Then, he “Teleported” to the coastal mountain outside Bansy Harbor.
The mountain had collapsed and turned into rubble.
According to what Verdu knew, this was once the place where the Bansy
residents used to worship the God of Weather. It was also the main target of
the Church of Storms.
After the crystal ball exploded to warn him that the Bansy telegraph office
was hiding an unknown danger, Verdu didn’t dare to continue exploring the
area or search for mysticism materials. He could only forcefully move to
the next location.
And this allowed him to escape the woman’s tailing.
As soon as Wilder’s figure appeared, he bent down and took a deep breath.
It was as if he had finally recovered from his suffocating state.
At the same time, Verdu felt a sharp pain in his right rib, as if a bone had
fractured.
After taking several deep breaths, he endured the pain and walked a few
steps forward with sweat on his forehead, arriving at the altar marked on the
map.
Without a doubt, the altar had been destroyed. There was only a glassified,
slightly-charred crater. There was gravel with different shapes scattered
around it.
The gravel had traces of being engulfed in fire and lightning to various
degrees.
After Verdu Abraham surveyed the area, he raised his right hand and waved
his sleeve.
With a whoosh, a small portion of the gravel was “pushed” away from the
spot, revealing the ground beneath it.
This was a Trickmaster’s Wind Trick. Verdu used it to replace the need for
manual labor to fully ensure his safety.
As the gravel flew, Verdu saw the charred ground. There were a few parts
left in some areas that had extremely incomplete patterns, drawings, and
symbols.
Woo!
The sound of the wind grew more intense as it resonated in Verdu’s ears,
causing him to look up in surprise.
The wind that could only blow small gravel had somehow turned into a
hurricane. It even “pushed” him into a state of staggering about.
Wild clouds gathered in the sky, as if a storm was brewing.
Although he had heard that Bansy was a “Weather Museum,” he had never
thought that the changes would happen so suddenly.
For a split second, Verdu suspected that his “Wind Trick” had triggered a
storm, or perhaps it had caused some changes to the cleared ruins of the
altar.
This guess made his forehead break out into a cold sweat.
As the storm raged, Verdu saw the rubble in front of him fly up, revealing a
boulder that was buried underneath.
The surface of the boulder was crisscrossed with deep cracks, giving off a
feeling that it would shatter once it was touched.
At this moment, the wind had calmed down, but the heavy rain was still
brewing.
Thinking about how he was already in Bansy Harbor, and couldn’t afford to
be scared off just like that, he mustered up his courage and approached the
boulder covered in charred black cracks.
He then took out a magnifying glass that was engraved with strange
patterns, and he seriously checked the state of the boulder.
Seven to eight minutes later, Verdu put away the magnifying glass, a
mystical item, and sighed in regret and dismay.
He had already confirmed that there was nothing wrong with the boulder. It
didn’t involve anything related to mysticism.
Verdu was about to retract his gaze and leave when he suddenly saw that at
the interface of the boulder’s bottom and the earth, bright redness seeped
out.
The bright redness gradually expanded, like blood flowing out.
However, it didn’t spread into a huge area. It was limited to a very small
area.
The two blood-red figures in the telegraph office’s ruins instantly flashed
across Verdu’s mind. His scalp couldn’t help but tingle.
His lips quickly turned dry as he instinctively thought that this wasn’t a
good development.
After swallowing another mouthful of saliva, Verdu raised his right hand
and created another gust of wind, causing quite a number of miniature rocks
to roll over to fill the bottom of the boulder completely, covering up the
bright redness that seeped out.
He didn’t stay here any longer. He forced himself to activate
“Teleportation” again and headed for his final destination.
This time, another one of his ribs fractured again, causing him to almost
faint from the pain.
In addition to the suffocation caused by the tightening, Verdu felt like he
was hovering around the edge of death.
He took several seconds to recover and cast his gaze forward.
This place was also in ruins. A collapsed house covered the weeds.
According to a pirate who had once explored the ruins of Bansy, there was
an item here worth researching.
It was an ordinary wooden door, but it was the only thing that remained
intact in Bansy.
The pirate didn’t find anything special about the wooden door, so he got his
subordinate to carry it in an attempt to move it back to the ship.
However, they had only taken two steps when they suddenly collapsed.
Dragging their spines, their heads separated from their bodies and rolled to
the side.
This frightened the pirate. He didn’t dare to stay any longer and led the rest
of the crew away in a hurry.
Verdu didn’t fully believe the story that the other party had told him.
Although he hadn’t experienced much life at sea, he knew that the sailors
liked to exaggerate, often exaggerating something several times.
However, even if it was an exaggeration, Verdu believed that the door was
worth studying.
After a round of searching, he discovered his target.
The ordinary-looking wooden door was leaning against a collapsed wall
with brass locks and handles.
There were no corpses around it, nor were there any traces of blood. It was
identical to the majority of the ruins.
Indeed, he’s exaggerating. Heh, perhaps the pirate heard about this wooden
door from somewhere else. Both he and his subordinates didn’t dare to
move it… Verdu looked around and suddenly said, “Who is it?
“Why are you monitoring me?”
He actually didn’t notice anyone around him, but based on his experience
and lessons, he could use words and a reaction to deceive the possible
presence of a monitor.
A second later, a middle-aged man with a belly appeared in the shadows.
He said nothing and silently left the place.
Verdu heaved a sigh of relief as he didn’t waste any time to approach the
wooden door.
According to the information he had obtained, no matter which way he
opened the wooden door, it wouldn’t bring about any abnormal changes.
There would be no danger if he didn’t attempt to move it.
After thinking for a few seconds, Verdu retracted his hand into his sleeve
and used his classical robe as a “glove” to pull the wooden door up.
He raised the wooden door, and the surroundings fell silent.
Verdu pushed the wooden door like he was normally opening a door, but
there were no changes.
He tried many other methods, but he failed to make the wooden door
display any abnormalities. It seemed to have just been lucky to be preserved
in its entirety under the bombardment of the Church of the Lord of Storms.
Taking a deep breath, Verdu tried to calm himself down.
He thought for a moment and tried to open the door again.
However, unlike before, he held the handle and gently twisted it down.
After hearing the light click of metal colliding, Verdu pushed the wooden
door backward and let it lean against a collapsed wall.
This time, a grayish-white fog appeared before Verdu.
In the fog, there was a faintly discernible street and a row of terraces.
Outside one of the houses, there was a wooden signboard. On them were a
few Loenese words:
“Bansy Harbor Telegraph Office.”
While Verdu’s pupils dilated, a calm voice sounded from the telegraph
office that was shrouded in fog.
“Are you… here to send… a telegram?
“Please come in.”