Chapter 411

: Coming In Throngs
Seems to be of Balam lineage… a university lecturer… It really is Mr. Azik,
not someone sharing the same name… Using the information provided by
Old Kohler, Klein basically confirmed that the person the bounty was aimed
at was the suspected descendant of Death, Azik.
Here lies the problem. Who or what organization is looking for Mr. Azik?
The Numinous Episcopate whose ultimate goal is to revive Death? Ince
Zangwill who likes to play the mastermind behind the scenes?
It’s unlikely to be the latter. Ince Zangwill has Sealed Artifact 0-08, which
allows a target to act according to his descriptions, and through a series of
coincidences, he can achieve his desired objective. There’s no need at all for
him to use the gangs and bounty hunters to find Mr. Azik…
Wait, what if this is actually an arrangement by Sealed Artifact 0-08?
Realizing that he’s now the target of Mr. Azik but lacks the confidence to
clinch victory in battle, Ince Zangwill is using 0-08 to instigate conflict
between Mr. Azik and some particular faction, hoping to eliminate his
enemy indirectly. And this reward was issued by that faction… It’s very
possible!
However, I can’t rule out the Numinous Episcopate. To get revenge, Mr.
Azik might have made contact with them. However, there were major
differences between the two parties regarding the resurrection of Death,
which eventually led to a falling out…
Klein instantly thought of two possibilities and the corresponding reasons.
He took a sip of his coffee and said to Old Kohler, “Help me find out who
issued this bounty and its exact price. If it’s appropriate, I’ll take note of it
while I’m at it.”
“No problem.” Old Kohler didn’t feel that anything was amiss with Klein’s
request.
From a certain perspective, there were no essential differences between a
private detective and a bounty hunter. The only difference was that the
former would involve themselves in trivial matters such as catching
adulterers in the act, finding cats, and helping others walk dogs, while they
tended to use the powers of deduction more than brute force.
When Old Kohler finished describing what he had seen and heard, Klein
briefly taught him some of the tricks of leading a conversation based on the
Nighthawks’ curriculum, as well as the contingency plans for specific
scenarios.
“It’s time for me to go to the docks. Thank you, Detective Moriarty, for
allowing me to lead a good life once again!” Old Kohler picked up the old,
worn-out hat on the table and thanked him sincerely.
The detective, in his view, not only provided him with a well-paid job, but
he also taught him many useful things. Even if the detective no longer
needed him as an informant, the skills he learned would allow him to barely
survive in East Borough, especially since he was growing older and less
capable of laborious work.
A good life? In my opinion, what you have now is the basics of what a
person should have… After watching Old Kohler walk out the cheap coffee
house, Klein sat there in a daze.
This was the first time that he had heard a friend’s name from someone else
since his arrival in Backlund, and it was also the first time that he might
have grasped Ince Zangwill’s whereabouts!
For the past three months, Klein’s main goal had been to digest the potion
and enhance himself, especially after he killed Lanevus.
That was because he knew very well that he and Ince Zangwill, who was
most likely a High-Sequence Beyonder, had an unbridgeable gap. He
couldn’t be impatient for revenge, especially when it came to the chilling
Sealed Artifact 0-08. He didn’t even have the intention to approach and
investigate it.
Scenes from the Blackthorn Security Company in Tingen replayed
themselves in Klein’s mind, and those bright polished shoes clearly
appeared before his eyes.
Raising his head and slowly letting out a breath, Klein took his scarf and hat
and walked out of the cheap coffee shop.
…
Hillston Borough, outside a rather old building.
Klein got off the carriage, pressed his hat, and went straight to the door.
It was Isengard Stanton’s house.
The great detective had written to Klein a few days ago, inviting him to
come over to discuss a murder case.
Mr. Klein, who has been busy with the financing of the bike project,
tactfully replied that he had no time to spare as a form of rejection. To his
surprise, Isengard Stanton didn’t seem to mind and said that the case had hit
a brick wall, making it unlikely that there would be any breakthroughs
anytime soon. He was very willing to wait for Detective Sherlock
Moriarty’s visit and expressed how he looked forward to an exchange that
ignited sparks of wisdom.
As such, Klein could only first divine a suitable date for the visit, picking
the closest date after the negotiations, which happened to be this afternoon.
With that, he wrote back and fixed an appointment.
Ding dong, ding dong.
Klein rang the bell twice and stepped back to wait.
More than ten seconds later, the door creaked open, and the assistant of the
great detective, Isengard, said with a smile, “Good afternoon, Detective
Moriarty. Mr. Stanton is waiting for you in the activity room. Would you
like coffee or tea?”
The assistant was thin and wore gold-rimmed glasses. He looked both
refined and professional.
Klein looked up at him and said, “Tea. Be sparing on the lemon slices.”
“No problem.” The assistant led Klein into the living room, pointed to the
activity room and said, “Sorry, our servants are only temporary, and they
just happened to be on their day off today, so I can only trouble you to go
over alone.”
Klein nodded and walked towards the activity room on the first floor.
As he lifted his hand to knock on the door, he suddenly felt that something
was amiss.
I arranged a visit with Mr. Stanton a few days in advance. Why would I
chance upon the temporary servants’ day off?
Klein’s eyes narrowed, and he pulled out a copper penny.
At this moment, the door to the activity room opened due to the knock,
producing a tiny crack.
In the blink of an eye, as if some seal was lifted, the strong smell of fresh
blood poured out and overwhelmed Klein’s nose.
From what he could see, the reclining chair in the activity room was
overturned and was stained with dark red blood. A book lay beside it, its
cover facing up.
With just that one glance, Klein felt as if he was seeing a murder scene.
The name of the book caught his eye: “The Devil’s Legend of Sivellaus
Borough.”
Devil… Klein was about to make a move when a strong wind suddenly
blew in the activity room, quickly pulling the door back.
Creak!
Klein clearly saw the entire interior of the activity room.
The charcoal in the fireplace had long since burned out, and there was no
longer any red embers glowing; the coffee table, the sofa, the chairs, the
cupboard, and other items had either fallen or shattered. It appeared as if he
witnessed an intense battle.
There was a lot of blood on the carpet and walls, and a lot of scorch marks,
but there was no sign of a body at the scene, not even a stump limb.
Something happened to Detective Stanton? Klein suddenly took a step
back, intending to first leave the place.
However, almost at the same time, he felt someone lock onto him.
Someone was staring at him with a cold and merciless gaze from an
unknown location!
The moment he made a mistake in his response, he would immediately be
met with a fatal blow!
How can this be a suitable day to visit Isengard Stanton? Was my
interpretation of the revelation wrong? Klein didn’t dare to act rashly.
However, he was neither too nervous or flustered. Having experienced
many battles and “performances,” he knew that he needed to stay calm
during such moments.
Tap, tap, tap. Isengard Stanton’s assistant walked over with a tray.
On the tray was a tin teapot and two white porcelain cups.
The assistant froze in place when he saw the scene in the activity room.
He looked at Klein, his face suddenly filled with fear as he stuttered,
“You… killed… Mr… Stanton…”
Every time he said a word, a piece of flesh fell from his face as blood
gushed out.
After he finished speaking, his body was torn to shreds, turning into a
dismembered corpse. It was as if he had always been in that state, with
everything preceding this being him in a state where he was stitched up.
Clang! Crack! The tin pot and white porcelain cup hit the ground at the
same time, rolling or splashing, and the tea water quickly soaked the area.
Klein didn’t move as he stood there watching everything that had happened.
This was because he still felt like he was being watched.
The person who had caused this series of events appeared to be waiting for
him to make a move before leaping onto his back and snapping his neck.
After an unknown period of time, in a silent and eerie stalemate, Klein saw
the door to Isengard Stanton’s house open up as a group of policemen in
black and white checkered uniforms stormed in.
When they found the nauseating and dismembered corpses on the floor,
they drew their revolvers and pointed them at Klein who stood at the
doorway of the activity room.
Despite facing the black muzzles of the guns, Klein relaxed.
The wordless gaze that seemed to hold a gun to the back of his head
disappeared at that instant!
Klein raised his hands and laughed helplessly.
“I won’t say anything until I see my lawyer.”
…
Backlund’s Chissak Police Station.
Chained to a water pipe, Klein met Lawyer Jurgen once again.
“I will accompany you during the interrogation.” There was nothing
unusual about Jurgen’s expression, as though Detective Moriarty belonged
here.
Klein sighed and said, “What a tragedy. I should be considering what I will
be eating tonight, not talking to a stone-faced police officer.”
The thing he was most thankful for today was that due to the Aurora
Order’s investigation and the attention of the Rose School of Thought’s
High-Sequence Beyonder, he didn’t bring any Beyonder items with him.
His only revolver was easily concealed from the body search using a magic-
like performance.
When he entered the interrogation room, he recounted the letter he received
from Isengard Stanton about discussing a case without the police officer’s
questioning.
“Later, we’ll go to your house with Mr. Jurgen to retrieve these letters. I
hope they’re still there.” The officer in charge of the interrogation switched
gears and asked, “How did you get to know Detective Isengard Stanton?”
Klein replied without hesitation, “Because of that serial murder case…”
At this point, he suddenly froze for a moment.
It reminded him of something. He had always suspected that there was a
master behind the Devil dog, the person who had harrumphed when the
Devil dog was killed.
Yes, the book Stanton was reading before the attack was “The Devil’s
Legend of Sivellaus Borough”… Could it be that the owner of the Devil
dog is beginning to take revenge after lying low all this time? And
Detective Stanton was the person in the police records who provided the
main clues or ideas. Furthermore, he was the one who received the bounty
reward! Klein quickly had a theory.