Chapter 858

: Generous
On the tiny balcony of the master bedroom, Klein stood behind a railing in
the form of Dwayne Dantès. He silently watched Baron Syndras’s luxurious
carriage depart.
His mind was still resonating with the conversation he just had. He believed
that there had been a secret plot behind the acquiring of the Coim
Company’s shares from the very beginning.
According to Syndras, although the Coim Company has great potential and
bright prospects, its current value is only limited to Backlund. It’s
constrained by many conditions, making it not worthy for a powerful
banker to place such great importance on it that he had to take on a stance
of being hell-bent on acquiring it. After all, even if he didn’t succeed, it
would only be a difference in monetary profit. It wouldn’t result in any
losses.
For the seller, Cuarón, it’s very normal to be under external stress to sell
his shares for cash. It’s also very normal for him to be unwilling to see
“Moneybags” Baron Syndras from the Conservative Party. But herein lies
the problem. As a businessman, faced with a deal that isn’t considered
important, the political inclinations are something to be considered when
prices are similar. There’s no reason to reject the possibility of receiving an
extremely high premium. Yet, he had deliberately rushed to close the deal
with Dwayne Dantès before Syndras could make his final offer. It’s as if he
has a grudge with money or views the Conservative Party with extreme
prejudice. And this doesn’t match the current political climate. The Loen
Kingdom’s internal politics hasn’t reached such a splintered state.
From the looks of it, someone is forcing Syndras to do this, and someone
had designed a trap, using Cuarón’s 3% shares as the bait and me as the
cover to lure Syndras into the trap, wishing to achieve a certain goal…
Klein looked at the street lamps under the night sky as he sighed poignantly.
Based on my assumption, if I hadn’t discovered the problem tonight and
hadn’t sent someone to Syndras, the subsequent developments would
definitely have me crushed by all kinds of seemingly incriminating evidence.
And when the military or the Church of Evernight intervenes, there will
undoubtedly be a twist in the evidence, incriminating Syndras.
During this process, just a tiny misjudgment on Syndras’s part will result in
him treating Dwayne Dantès as an accomplice of the mastermind behind
this ploy. He would use a rather intense method in response, hammering the
final nail in my coffin.
As for who the mastermind was and their true goals, Klein had no idea. All
he could do was confirm that Ma’am Mary likely wasn’t aware of the truth.
She was only used due to her anxiousness to preserve her control over the
Coim Company. In short, she wasn’t qualified to be deeply involved in the
mastermind’s ploy.
Environment protection… New Party… Conservative Party… Bankers…
Acquisition… Framing… One word after another surfaced in Klein’s mind,
seemingly allowing him to see through the present calm in Backlund. He
saw the dangerous stirrings that were hidden beneath the surface.
They existed for a long time and hadn’t been quelled because of the Great
Smog. It was even possible that it was just an extension of the tragedy.
When all of these meshed together, mixed with the tense international
environment, Klein suddenly thought of a word: “Revolution!”
In that second, Klein seemed to catch a whiff of the impending storm.
Together with the prophecy of the apocalypse, I wonder how much chaos
and madness are brewing in secret… Currently, my main goal is to start
from the military and investigate the truth behind the Great Smog of
Backlund. If I were to get caught up in this maelstrom, there’s a high chance
I’ll get involved in unnecessary trouble. Perhaps it might expose my
Sequence powers, preventing me from continuing my act as Dwayne
Dantès… Klein retracted his gaze, having made up his decision.
It was to quickly extricate himself from the matter!
As for Syndras’s safety, he wasn’t too worried. First, the former had the
Conservative Party backing him, and he had his own faction. With him on
alert, it would be difficult for him to suffer any further harm. Second, Klein
didn’t have any deep ties with him; thus, providing a warning had already
spoken volumes of his character.
As for the truth behind Cuarón’s death, he had no right to carry out any
investigations. All he could do was trust in the Nighthawks’ rich experience
and the myriad of means to have a chance of finding the real clues.
How should I extricate myself? As long as the shares are with me, it implies
that I’ll ultimately remain center stage… Get Ma’am Mary to acquire it
ahead of time? That will be very difficult. She likely doesn’t have the
funds… Sell it to Syndras? That will be in violation of the contract…
Amidst Klein’s flurry of thoughts, he gradually had an idea.
His facial muscles twitched a little for some baffling reason before they
relaxed. This was because what he wanted to do was something he had
planned on doing but lacked the ability to do so. Furthermore, it would also
benefit him by establishing an image, bettering his chances of entering high
society.
…
In the room adjacent to the balcony, Xio and Fors were observing the streets
and garden. One of them was looking at the crimson moon that was half-
hidden behind the thick clouds. There was a prolonged silence.
Only when Dwayne Dantès’s lights were extinguished did Fors turn to look
at her friend. She said in excitement and clear poignancy, “Being a tycoon
sure isn’t easy…
“If you were him, you might’ve gone bankrupt in three days and be sent to
jail.”
Xio shot her a glance and said, “I can hire a powerful butler, a professional
lawyer, and a capable business secretary to help me.”
Fors didn’t continue putting her down as she said with a smile, “If I were
you, I would change all of it to cash, bonds, and property. I’ll use the annual
income they bring about to maintain a decent life.”
Just as she said that, she saw Xio frown slightly. She cast her gaze towards
the first floor.
“What happened?” Fors tensed up.
Xio observed for a few seconds before saying, “My spiritual perception
tells me that an item or matter related to black magic has appeared.”
One of the biggest advantages of a Sheriff was that when they were close
enough, they could sense matters related to evil, chaos, and madness that
weren’t screened.
“Black magic?” Fors was considered a senior Beyonder, so she wasn’t
unfamiliar with that.
Strictly speaking, anything that didn’t pass through the seven orthodox
deities was considered as black magic. It included ritualistic magic that
prayed to secret existences.
In the typical sense, black magic referred to the use of flesh and blood, hair,
and all kinds of strange items to cast strange spells. It partially involved evil
gods, one’s Beyonder powers, the spirituality of the materials used, and the
correct symbols and magic labels.
Xio nodded heavily and said, “Yes, it’s on the first floor. I plan on taking a
look. Stay here to protect Mr. Dantès.”
Fors kept silent for two seconds and nodded without wasting any time.
“Okay.”
After Xio left the balcony’s half-open room, Fors took out Leymano’s
Travels from a hidden pouch, prepared to immediately take action if
anything amiss happened.
Elsewhere, Xio nimbly and briskly arrived at the first floor. Following her
senses, she arrived outside a room.
After confirming that the target was inside, Xio was surprised as her
expression gradually darkened.
If she didn’t remember wrongly, this room likely belonged to Butler Walter
who had hired her!
During her momentary daze, the black magic item or matter which
triggered her spiritual perception vanished. Calm returned to the room as
though nothing abnormal had happened.
Xio hurriedly pressed her ear to the door and carefully listened, confirming
that there was the breathing of a human inside.
After waiting for a while and seeing that Walter wasn’t doing anything else,
she returned to the third floor with a look of suspicion. She recounted her
findings to her friend and finally said, “Do we feign ignorance, or think of a
way to remind Mr. Dantès?”
Fors thought and said, “Perhaps the butler doesn’t have any ill intentions?
“Let’s keep observing.”
After deciding on their stance, she tsked in wonder.
“I have to say that Mr. Dwayne Dantès is a really pitiful person. Not only
was he used by others to harm Baron Syndras and get framed, nearly
throwing him into jail and losing his reputation, but he also has a butler who
researches black magic with an unknown motive. Sigh, I hope he doesn’t
lose his life because of that. On this front, he’s only a helpless commoner.”
Xio nodded in agreement.
“If we’re unable to determine the butler’s intentions after three days are
over, we can leave a slip for him to warn him.”
…
The next morning, Klein glanced at Walter in a normal fashion after having
breakfast before leaving home with Richardson. He rode a cathedral to
Saint Samuel Cathedral.
After the preaching and prayers, Klein didn’t make any donations. Instead,
he directly came to Bishop Elektra.
“Is there something?” Although this bishop was under immense stress due
to the infiltration of Chanis Gate, he was still rather friendly when dealing
with the faithful.
Klein smiled and replied, “I’ve recently been involved in certain matters
and have come to recognize my true self.”
Without waiting for Elektra to inquire, he continued, “I wish to establish a
foundation that targets the poor. I hope that they can receive help from the
Church.
“I will place the Coim Company shares I have on hand into this foundation,
so as to kickstart this initiative using all the funds obtainable from the
contract.
Elektra was nearly stupefied by what he heard because it was definitely a
sizable sum.
Although it wasn’t public knowledge how much Dwayne Dantès spent on
acquiring the 3% shares, just from the relevant sources of information, it
was estimated to be over 10,000 pounds. Furthermore, the future returns
were nothing to scoff at!
And back then, Ma’am Mary had been pursued by many men of status who
had wealth in the range of tens of thousands of pounds.
Therefore, for Dwayne Dantès to suddenly donate more than ten thousand
pounds was definitely considered a generous move. In the whole of the
Church of Evernight, apart from donations from a deceased’s will, there
were only a handful of one-time donations that exceeded this amount!
“This is an act that deserves all kinds of praise,” Elektra said from the
bottom of his heart. “However, I have the obligation to remind you that you
shouldn’t do something that exceeds your reach.”
Klein smiled and replied, “This isn’t a small sum for me as well, but it’s
still acceptable. It wouldn’t affect my life and business.”
Elektra’s smile gradually turned warm as he said with a nod, “The Goddess
will definitely watch you.”
Upon hearing this blessing, Klein’s expression nearly froze.
Elektra continued, “I will report the matter to His Grace and try to organize
a charity party for this foundation. When the time comes, I’ll invite the
Goddess’s faithful from different domains. They will include powerful
aristocrats and their families. Let’s see if there are more people who are
willing to participate.”
He knew very well that Dwayne Dantès was attempting to enter high
society; therefore, he had deliberately made mention of powerful
aristocrats.