Chapter 1389

The Fool“s Commission
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool.”
The other members of the Tarot Club appeared rather solemn as they
followed Miss Justice’s usual greeting.
After they sat down again, The Fool Klein surveyed the area and slowly
said, “I will be entering a state of slumber.”
Upon hearing this, Alger, Audrey, Xio, and Fors felt like their speculations
had finally been confirmed. Leonard, Emlyn, Derrick, and the other Tarot
Club members felt their hearts sink as they became increasingly flustered
and filled with puzzlement.
Of course, they weren’t that surprised. The abnormal last-minute gathering
and the abnormality of The World’s absence seemed to indicate that
something important had happened today.
Klein maintained his last bit of clarity and said in his previous tone, “This
involves a war that’s at the level of ‘Above the Sequences.’ It has something
to do with the apocalypse to a certain extent.”
Indeed… Alger acutely caught the words “Above the Sequences.”
He had long suspected that there was another level above Sequence 0: the
one occupied by the ancient sun god when “He” had eight Kings of Angels.
Now, Mr. Fool had finally confirmed his guess and resolved many of his
doubts.
Cattleya and company also noticed the hidden message in Mr. Fool’s words.
Those who had similar guesses like The Hanged Man felt enlightened,
while the ones who had never had such guesses were inevitably surprised
and confused when they heard it. However, they quickly combined what
they had learned from the past and came to a realization.
The Fool Klein continued, “Only after you become an angel do you have
the right to know the exact situation. Otherwise, just understanding it will
bring corruption.”
This made the Tarot Club members think of the words “underground” and
“cosmos.” They were momentarily unable to contain their thoughts.
Klein looked at the end of the long mottled table and said, “My Blessed,
The World, has entered a deep slumber. It’s unknown when he will wake
up.”
Then what should be done? Leonard nearly blurted out, but he could clearly
sense that Mr. Fool hadn’t finished his sentence. Therefore, he forcefully
held back his urge.
The Fool Klein swept his gaze across him.
“Next is a long-term commission for all members:
“Spread my name more widely, but don’t clash with the orthodox Churches.
When necessary, you can choose to use a more concealed method to
proselytize.
“This will aid in my awakening.
“Also, spread the news of The World being my Blessed, and record it in the
Church’s Holy Bible. Of course, do not include information that involves
his personal information.
“Remember one sentence: The awakening of The World spells The Fool’s
return.”
Klein wanted to increase his number of anchors. This might be useful in the
battle with the Lord of the Mysteries in his dream.
At the same time, he wanted to mold The World into a saint of the Church
of The Fool, an angel beside the divine throne, so that this image could also
greatly share an image with the believers and obtain his own anchors.
To put it simply, Klein planned on having a believer contribute two sets of
anchors. After all, to him, be it The Fool or The World, all of them were just
an identity of his. Furthermore, the image created by anchors wouldn’t be
uniform. They were different and wouldn’t affect him.
At the level of The Fool, the Church would spread the name of the deity,
The Fool’s Sacred Emblem, and all kinds of religious teachings without any
concrete images. As for The World, he had quite a number of identities,
such as Gehrman Sparrow, Dwayne Dantès, and Merlin Hermes. It
wouldn’t fixate on a single image.
“The reward is the convenience you have enjoyed in the past, the responses
you received, and the corresponding help given to your future prayers,” The
Fool Klein said without a change in tone. “After I begin my slumber, I can
still respond to my prayers in a certain way, but not every time. If there’s
something very important that needs help, pray a few more times.”
He could tell from Antigonus’s state of eternal slumber, that dreams could
be projected outside. As long as the correct method was used, a sleeping
deity could make use of the dream to a certain extent to respond to prayers.
Regarding this situation, the members of the Tarot Club weren’t stumped by
it at all.
On the one hand, most of them were either openly or secretly spreading the
faith of The Fool. On the other hand, it was very common to pray to deities
without receiving a response. Mr. Fool’s responses from before were
considered extremely rare. They had almost never heard of anything like
this happening elsewhere.
To be able to receive a response through repeated prayers on important
matters was better than most of the clergymen of the orthodox Churches!
“Yes, Mr. Fool.” The Tarot Club members didn’t hesitate at all as they
accepted the long-term commission.
Among them, Leonard was the one that answered from the bottom of his
heart. He was most eager and impatient.
To him, spreading the faith and biblical canon of Mr. Fool was to awaken
Klein.
This made him instantly find the motivation to do something else other than
his usual work.
At this moment, The Fool Klein nodded slightly and cast his gaze at
Cattleya.
“The previous commission—to gather all the information regarding the
Hidden Sage suddenly coming to life—is still effective.
“If you wish to take the risk, then go further and investigate the present
state of the Hidden Sage.
“This will be very dangerous. You can reject it, and the reward is a wish.”
Cattleya thought for a moment and said, “Honorable Mr. Fool, is this
related to awakening you? Is it related to surviving the apocalypse?”
“Perhaps, perhaps not. I can’t give you a definite answer right now. I just
see some visions.” This time, Klein didn’t deliberately create a high-level
persona of The Fool, because he was already The Fool. “Also, watch over
all your subordinates that are Beyonders of the Earth and Moon pathway.”
Cattleya fell silent for a moment before slowly saying, “I’ll accept this
commission.”
The Fool Klein cast his gaze to the other side and said to Derrick, “Your
mission is to protect the New City of Silver and New Moon City and
protect the Rorsted Archipelago. The more believers I have and the safer
they are, the higher the chances of me waking up.
“On this foundation, think about how to expand the Church and spread the
faith.
“Your payment is to become my Blessed.”
Derrick’s eyes suddenly burned as he recalled the encouraging gaze he had
received from the Chief when he pushed open the final door of the Giant
King’s Court.
He took a deep breath and said in a firm tone, “Yes, Mr. Fool!”
Klein nodded and looked at Fors.
“You need to protect the Abraham family well to prevent them from
suffering the temptation of the cosmos.
“Also, gather more information regarding the Fourth Epoch and figure out
Mr. Door’s condition at that time. Uncover some of the latent problems of
the Abraham family.”
“That’s something I wish to do.” Fors hesitated for a moment, but she still
expressed that she would do such things even if she wasn’t given the
commission.
The Fool Klein didn’t give his approval or disapproval. Instead, he said, “If
you’re willing, you can write down biographies and stories of The World’s
different identities using different aliases.
“The reward for above is that when you have a chance of becoming a
Planeswalker and have to head to the cosmos, you will receive my
blessings.”
Although Klein knew that he could use a dream to give a response to a
certain extent in his sleep, he wasn’t sure if he was the one who had the
upper hand or the Lord of the Mysteries. Therefore, he wished to use verbal
contracts of providing a reward after the completion of a mission on more
important matters. When the time came, even if he was at a disadvantage,
he would be able to make use of this sort of invisible promise to give an
ingenious response.
Planeswalker? Fors was taken aback.
To be frank, she had never considered this problem before. What she was
worried about was the digestion of the Secrets Sorcerer potion and the
Wanderer ritual.
Soon, she composed herself and said, “Yes, Mr. Fool.”
Klein then cast his gaze at Emlyn.
“The besiegement of the Rose School of Thought involves preparations for
the apocalypse. It’s rather dangerous. Even if an angel is participating in it,
you have to pay attention to your own safety.
“Your commission is to try your best to gather blessings, auras, and items
given by the Primordial Moon to ‘Her’ believers in the Rose School of
Thought. These might be more dangerous than a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact.”
At that moment, although Klein still maintained The Fool’s tone, there were
hints that resembled a friend’s warning.
This made Audrey, who had stabilized her initial mental state, sense
something different.
Recalling what Mr. Fool had said to the other members, she sighed
inwardly.
Mr. Fool’s humanity seems to have become richer just as “He” is about to
enter a deep sleep…
While Emlyn was slightly surprised and puzzled, Klein continued, “Apart
from participating in the besieging of the Rose School of Thought’s
mission, I hope that you can form a pharmaceutical company and perform
research on how to mass-produce the medicine with magical effects.”
“If it’s mass-produced, there’s no way the products can be equipped with a
magical effect,” Emlyn replied instinctively.
The Fool Klein nodded.
“Seek out a compromise.
“Your main goal is to spread my name through this pharmaceutical
company.
“The reward will also be a wish.”
This isn’t a matter of danger, but whether it’s possible… The simplest
solution is to give me a thousand Apothecary potions. I can form an
Apothecary factory for mass production… Emlyn mumbled inwardly
before replying seriously, “Yes, Mr. Fool.”
Klein looked to the other side and said to Xio, “The apocalypse is
approaching. Be it the Red Priest or the Demoness pathways, they will
become active. Your mission is to rely on the official factions to investigate
the whereabouts of the three Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics and the
Uniqueness of the Red Priest pathway. If there’s a chance, find a clue to
confirm the Primordial Demoness’s present condition. It’s very dangerous.”
Klein didn’t mention the payment, because he had already paid for it.
Xio had her wish fulfilled by holding a ritual and becoming a Sequence 4
Imperative Mage.
As for the three Sequence 1 Conqueror Beyonder characteristics of the Red
Priest pathway, Klein had previously learned that one was in the hands of
the Sauron family—the former Intis royal family—the other in the hands of
the Feysac’s Einhorn royal family, and the other was in the hands of the
Loen’s Augustus royal family. Later, as a reward, it was given to the
Demoness Sect.
Of course, this was only a preliminary answer. The corresponding situation
could very well have changed:
The Sauron family had already been in decline since Roselle’s era. It might
not necessarily be able to keep the Conqueror’s Beyonder characteristic or
corresponding Sealed Artifact under its control. Klein even suspected that it
might have been obtained by the Iron and Blood Cross Order;
The failure of the war had significantly damaged the Einhorn family. Klein
didn’t rule out the possibility of the death of a high-level angel or the loss of
a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.
The location of the Conqueror Beyonder characteristic that the Augustus
family gave to the Demoness Sect was currently the clearest. However,
Klein knew that the Red Angel evil spirit, Sauron Einhorn Medici, had been
eyeing it all this time. Perhaps “He” had succeeded, or perhaps “He” was
carrying out whatever plans “He” had.
There were no clues to the corresponding Red Priest Uniqueness at the
moment. The last time the mysterious world knew of it was at the end of the
Fourth Epoch, during the Pale Disaster.