Chapter 1355

: Wrapping Up The Matter
The nearly frozen silence lasted for nearly ten seconds before the Abraham
family members uniformly cast their gaze at Fors.
After sensing the mixed emotions of wariness, guardedness, and fear, Fors
took the initiative to take a few steps to the side and warned, “Be careful of
the negative effects.”
Even if the Beyonder characteristics hadn’t fused with the surroundings and
formed Sealed Artifacts, they contained certain negative effects. However,
most of the time, it would only have effects from direct contact. Of course,
the Beyonder characteristics here were all High-Sequence Beyonder
characteristics. No one could be certain if they would actively expand their
area of influence.
Seeing that Fors didn’t show any obvious greed, Dorian nodded and said,
“When you finish digesting the Secrets Sorcerer potion, you can consider
advancing to Sequence 3 Wanderer. I’ll give you the potion formula and
prepare the corresponding ingredients for you. Of course, at this level, the
higher the Sequence, the greater the danger you face. This is an objective
situation. It doesn’t change because of your personal will and arrangements.
When the time comes, you can decide whether you wish to advance or not.”
He said these words because he cared for his student, and on the other hand,
he wanted to assure her that whatever the Abraham family possessed was
equivalent to her possessing it. No one would treat her as an outsider and
deliberately make things difficult for her on the matter of raising her
Sequence.
This could effectively eliminate the heat brought by greed.
And after obtaining so many High-Sequence Beyonder characteristics,
Vilos and the other members of the Abraham family weren’t unwilling to
part with a Wanderer Beyonder characteristic. They even believed that
using it to exchange for “peace” was absolutely worth it. After all, there was
only one demigod here—Fors.
Without the time to bring out their Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, and because of
the ineffectiveness of the seals, the Abraham family members didn’t dare
take out most of the Grade 1 Sealed Artifacts. Under such a situation, Fors
had the ability to finish all of them off.
Faced with her teacher’s promise, Fors tersely acknowledged.
“Was the ‘door’ to the concealed space opened?
She thought that the High-Sequence Beyonder characteristics in front of her
were all from the Abraham family’s treasure vault and had been thrown into
the real world due to the recent abnormality. However, she did feel that
there were too many of them.
“No.” Dorian slowly shook his head, looking confused.
The other Abraham family members remained silent, equally confused.
No one would believe that treasure would fall from the skies unless it
happened before their eyes!
“Should we pray to Mr. Fool?” Fors tried giving a suggestion.
Dorian, who had a vague guess, immediately looked at the other Abrahams.
He saw the ones who had changed faiths to Mr. Fool nod in agreement.
Those who hadn’t changed faiths were clearly hesitant and eager to object.
After some consideration, Dorian composed himself and said, “Gather the
ones with negative area-of-effect traits while using the correct method.
Prevent them from combining with the surroundings.
“I’ll pray to Mr. Fool at the side.”
“Alright.” The few members of the Abraham family hesitated for two
seconds before agreeing.
Following that, they seized the opportunity to identify the characteristics
and attempt to gather them.
After some of the members had obtained a certain amount, Dorian finally
retreated to Fors’s side and bowed his head to pray to Mr. Fool.
Soon, a grayish-white fog and an ancient palace deep in the fog appeared in
front of him. A high and solemn voice resounded in his ears:
“These are the relics of Mr. Door.
“Your bloodline curse has been completely removed.”
Relics of Mr. Door… Relics… Dorian ruminated over the word and opened
his eyes, casting his gaze at the High-Sequence Beyonder characteristics.
He looked on silently, his vision gradually blurring.
…
East Chester County, the Hall family manor.
Alfred and the others, who had just figured out the source of the explosion
and the “enemy attack” shout, saw the doors and windows opening at the
same time as they crashed into the walls.
During this process, several pieces of glass shattered.
There is indeed something abnormal… Alfred raised his hand with a solemn
expression. He said to his adjutant, squire, personal guards, and
bodyguards, “Retreat back to the main house to prevent any accidents that
might happen next.
“At the same time, send a telegram to the archbishop of East Chester
diocese, and request for assistance.”
He felt that the most important thing right now was not to investigate the
anomaly, but to protect his father, mother, and sister.
He had plenty of time to do the former after daybreak. But if anything
happened to the latter, it would be impossible to make up for it.
After returning to the manor’s main house and arranging for strict patrols,
Alfred walked into the living room and said to Earl Hall, “There was indeed
something abnormal, but the guard couldn’t describe what he saw. He only
felt extreme fear at that moment.”
Earl Hall nodded calmly and said, “We’ll do further investigations after
daybreak.
“Sit down and get some rest.”
Beside him, Audrey was holding her mother’s arm as she quietly listened to
her father and two brothers talking.
Of course, this was only an image. She had been continuously releasing
Virtual Personas in an attempt to find the reason for the sudden opening of
doors and windows from the memories of eyewitnesses.
After a few minutes, she ended the investigation, somewhat disappointed.
For the time being, she temporarily attributed it to the influence left behind
by the mind dragon, Ariehogg, and Mr. Wrath.
At that moment, she realized that the golden retriever, Susie, had a strange
look in her eyes. She quickly sent out a Virtual Persona and entered the
mind island of the other party’s soul to have a private conversation.
“What did you discover?” Audrey asked directly.
On Susie’s mind island, a voice resounded:
“I smell a thick scent of blood. At the edge of the manor, It happened
sometime before the doors and windows opened. Yes, it happened about ten
seconds after the explosion.”
After hearing that, Audrey pursed her lips and fell silent for a few seconds.
“Go take a look.”
Susie immediately stood up and tiptoed out of the living room. She left the
manor’s main house from a side door on the first floor.
During this process, there would be people looking at her from time to time,
but they didn’t mind her and didn’t attempt to stop her. After all, she was
just a dog, a dog who had mastered Psychological Invisibility.
After walking the path to the furthest building from the manor’s main
house, Susie twitched her nose and chose an open window before jumping
in.
Then, she saw a bloody corpse on the bed. Its skin had shed.
And what she saw was equivalent to Audrey seeing it through the Virtual
Persona that she planted in her mind island.
In the living room inside the main house of the manor, Audrey, who was
holding her mother’s arm, lowered her head.
Then she lifted her head, and her eyes swept slowly and deeply across her
family’s faces—Earl Hall, Lady Catelyn, Hibbert, and Alfred.
She maintained her silence, becoming increasingly silent.
…
Bayam, inside the Cathedral of Waves.
Alger, who was wearing a robe embroidered with the Storm symbol,
walked out from the underground area one step at a time. He nodded at the
Mandated Punishers and priests who were waiting by the sides.
“The seals were restored to normal in time.
“You can return the items under your watch.”
“Yes, Your Eminence.” The Mandated Punishers, priests, and bishops
heaved a sigh of relief as they struck their left chest with their right fists.
Alger didn’t say anything else as he responded with the same salute.
After returning to his room, he slowly looked around. He took a deep breath
and found a seat to sit down.
The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era… Alger silently prayed to Mr. Fool,
expressing his thoughts of preparing to leave the Church of Storms.
The explanation that the seal was restored to normal in time could only
convince relatively low-level members of the Church. It was impossible to
hide from any cardinal or high-ranking deacon, much less the pontiff and
the Lord of Storms.
And if he didn’t get Mr. Fool’s approval and protection, Alger didn’t dare
leave the Church of Storms so casually. He would definitely suffer the
wrath of a god.
A few seconds later, he saw the familiar boundless gray fog and heard Mr.
Fool’s reply:
“Okay.
“Go to the Church of the Sea God.”
Phew… Alger relaxed, stood up, and took off his Storm robe.
After changing into a linen shirt, brown jacket, and pantaloons, Alger
looked at the cardinal robe on the table and fell silent for a while.
Then, he reached out and folded the robe neatly.
After carefully examining it for a few seconds, Alger retracted his gaze and
flew out of the cathedral through the open board window by controlling a
strong wind.
He first flew to the bell tower and landed on the top. He looked down at the
surrounding streets and down at Bayam.
During this process, Alger stepped on the edge of the roof and slowly
circled it.
Finally, he closed his eyes.
A hurricane suddenly stirred as it swept Alger towards the Church of the
Sea God.
…
In the ancient palace above the fog.
Klein silently sat on the high-back chair belonging to The Fool.
His figure would occasionally turn incorporeal, as though he was wearing a
mysterious and classical black robe. During such instances, he wore a hood
that made his face indiscernible. At other times, he would return to normal.
However, he was enveloped in a faint gray fog.
The frequency of this change gradually slowed down.
And every time Klein transformed into the black-robed, hooded figure,
slippery tentacles with strange patterns growing would extend out from
under his clothes.
These nearly transparent tentacles flailed about, striking everywhere as if
taking the palace for itself.
After a while, Klein’s figure finally stabilized.
Out of habit, he raised his right hand and rubbed his temples as he muttered
to himself, The awakening of the Celestial Worthy’s will is faster and more
intense than I expected… If I hadn’t devoured Zaratul’s Beyonder
characteristic and used the remnant mental imprint to balance it and stalled
for time, I wouldn’t have been able to adjust my state and stop “Him” from
awakening…
However, this made Klein’s mental state rather unstable.
And he didn’t lose control because his Miracle Invoker potion had already
been completely digested, and the new Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder
characteristic he consumed was mostly digested shortly after consumption.
The identity of The World was a Blessed of the owner of Sefirah Castle,
making it directly equivalent to the Attendant of Mysteries. Therefore,
Klein had already acted the role of Attendant of Mysteries for a very long
time, and it had been quite successful.
As for the second Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic, he still
needed some time to digest it.