Chapter 1289

: Fooling
After returning to Biles’s house, Klein pulled a chair over and sat down
without waiting for Roy and company to make inquiries. He made a rather
pious wish:
“I wish for my spirituality to be restored.”
With that said, he raised his right hand, snapped his fingers, and granted his
own wish; thus, allowing his spirituality to return to its normal state.
Right on the heels of that, he extended his left palm, preparing to end the
maintenance of the historical projection of the “curtain” before summoning
a new one, so as to continue sealing off the spirit world area corresponding
to Belltaine City. This prevented the Church of the God of Combat’s chief
shepherd, Larrion, from escaping.
“There’s no need to do so. There’s always a next time.” At that moment,
Arianna slowly shook “Her” head, indicating that Klein no longer needed to
summon the “curtain” that originated from the Dark Demonic Wolf.
There was a limit to the power of “Wishes.” A Miracle Invoker couldn’t
satisfy the same wish in a short period of time, which meant that, within the
next one or two hours, Klein couldn’t recover his spirituality by granting his
own wishes.
Of course, to a qualified Seer-pathway angel, this limitation was something
that could be avoided. For example, he could get Pasha, Roy, Biles, and
Arianna to take turns to wish for Klein to regain his spirituality before
granting their wishes as a Miracle Invoker.
However, the problem was that, even if he could recover his spirituality that
many times, he wouldn’t be able to maintain the “curtain” which was at the
level of a Sequence 1 for more than an hour. Furthermore, he needed to wait
an hour before 0-02 erased all the previous rules and rewrote them.
After some deliberation, Klein nodded slightly and replied with a smile,
“Let’s give it a try first. After all, we’re rather free right now. I’ll give up
after my last spirituality recovery attempt. Yes, this will purely depend on
the chief shepherd’s luck. Perhaps ‘He’ might lose control because of
anxiety, frustration, and nervousness?”
As he spoke, Klein dispelled the maintenance of the original “curtain,” and
his left hand moved forward immediately after that. He pulled out a new
“curtain,” allowing it to appear inside the spirit world that corresponded to
Belltaine City.
In an area where saturated colors overlapped one another, Larrion, who was
wearing a black robe with white edges and a square hat, felt the restriction
disappear. Just as “He” was about to make “His” way out, he saw a new
“curtain” descend, sealing him off again.
The smile on his face instantly froze.
Phew… A few seconds later, Larrion slowly exhaled and composed
“Himself” mentally as he continued to wait.
In the next hour, the chief shepherd of the Church of the God of Combat
repeatedly experienced the despair and pain of having “His” hopes
extinguished.
“He” attempted to find the pattern and attempt to figure out the time
interval so as to grasp the fleeting opportunity. “He” wanted to rush out of
the barrier the moment the old “curtain” disappeared and before the new
“curtain” was produced.
However, “He” eventually discovered that the intervals didn’t follow any
pattern. The person stopping “Him” didn’t restore the barrier only when his
spirituality was about to be depleted. At times, the other party would
recreate the barrier far ahead of time.
If it wasn’t for the fact that Feysacian citizens weren’t forced to change
faiths from the God of Combat, and that the decree that Larrion was
considered a traitor hadn’t been widely spread, this Grounded Angel
might’ve already lost control on the spot.
As time passed, Larrion once again sensed the collapse of the old “curtain.”
However, this time, there was no new “curtain.”
“He” has finally reached his limit… Larrion was delighted. Without any
hesitation, “He” rushed out of the collapsing nascent divine kingdom.
In the next moment, “He” saw a woman holding four blonde, red-eyed
heads, dressed in a complicated long dress, an unknown existence that was
wrapped in bandages with yellowish-brown liquid covering the entire, and
several strange but abnormally powerful spirit world creatures…
The “curtain” that Klein had summoned the previous times were Historical
Void projections that had been tainted with Sefirah Castle’s aura. It
naturally attracted objects sensitive to it. He wouldn’t even be surprised if
Amon was among the group!
The smile on Larrion’s face froze again.
…
Belltaine City, in Biles’s rental apartment.
Klein suddenly raised his head and looked up into the sky. He muttered
softly, “Impressive…”
Following that, he became silent again until the magic mirror emitted an
aqueous light that reflected the noticeboard’s current state.
The rules on the paper disappeared in reverse order of their appearance.
This meant that 0-02 was beginning to erase the rules that it had set up, and
was preparing to redo everything.
Once the curfew order was abolished, the highly-focused Klein
immediately pulled Ma’am Arianna and used Flaming Jump to appear
outside the shrunken Belltaine City LIbrary.
As he looked over, he realized that, on the brass pages of 0-02, the speed at
which the rules were being wiped clear had become very fast. In just a blink
of an eye, the second half of the book was only left with the clause: “All the
following rules are ineffective.”
Following that, the clause disappeared as a new set of rules rapidly emerged
without any gaps:
“The Trunsoest Brass Book is the most precious item. No living being is
permitted to touch it…”
Before this clause was completed, Arianna’s figure had already appeared
beside the rectangular table. “Her” finger touched the brass page.
With a crack, the leader of the Church of Evernight’s ascetic had “Her”
neck suddenly constricted as though an invisible rope had hoisted “Her” up.
As an angel, “She” had actually suffered bone fractures and had difficulties
breathing.
Death by hanging!
However, with Arianna’s finger sliding over with some difficulty, the first
clause that appeared was “erased” before it was fully displayed. It entered a
“Concealed” state.
As for all the rules set by 0-02, it had to be publicized or announced before
it could truly be effective!
With a whoosh, Arianna picked up the Trunsoest Brass Book and threw it to
Klein, who was outside the window.
In the previous hour, Klein had already anticipated all the possible
developments and had a discussion with Arianna. He was in no way
nervous or flustered. While 0-02 was still in midair, he dragged another
himself wearing a human-skinned glove out of the void.
Then, he grabbed the Trunsoest Brass Book and used his historical
projection to “Teleport” away.
After his figure disappeared from his spot, Arianna landed on the ground
with a loud thud, a deep mark left on “Her” neck.
In just a few seconds, Klein, who was holding 0-02, appeared at the top of
the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range. He used his Spirit Vision at
the level of an angel and saw the collapsed, dilapidated, and fogged palace.
Without any hesitation, Klein allowed his historical projection to take the
Trunsoest Brass Book and “Blink” to the main door of the palace before
pushing the door open.
What appeared before him was a hall with many corpses hanging from
above. Every corpse was different. There were men and women, either
dressed beautifully, simply, exquisitely, or casually.
Behind each of these hangers was a transparent and slippery tentacle with
complicated patterns. They came from the depths of the hall—from that
ancient stone chair.
On the huge stone chair, transparent and distorted maggots were formed
into a ball. They grew wantonly and extended out strange tentacles.
This was The Half-Fool of the Antigonus family, who had lost control and
gone mad!
Sensing the door open, and sensing Klein’s historical projection approach,
the cluster of maggots left the stone chair and fiercely flailed their slippery
tentacles, causing them to surge towards the door as if they were being
affected by an invisible suction force.
Similarly, at the bottom of the stone chair, the tarot card with Roselle’s
image, which was written with a stellar radiance, flew towards the door.
Just seeing this scene pushed Klein’s historical projection towards
experiencing a breakdown. Thankfully, he didn’t possess any sentience and
was remotely controlled by Klein. He didn’t suffer the chaotic thoughts and
the negative side effects of the mental mutation, nor did he stand motionless
and helpless.
Before the historical projection dissipated, it threw the Trunsoest Brass
Book at the terrifying cluster of maggots.
The transparent and slippery tentacles sensed danger and instinctively
reacted by wrapping around Sealed Artifact 0-02.
Under such interference and the invisible strong winds, The Fool card had
reached the door one step ahead of the strange tentacles.
Klein’s historical projection had mostly collapsed. Seeing this, he
mechanically extended his right hand, grabbed the Card of Blasphemy, and
threw it behind him.
In the next instant, the slippery tentacles that were reassembled had reached
out to the door, but they were blocked by the fog, unable to exit. All it could
do was wildly pound at the barrier.
The open door slowly closed, blocking out this scene.
Klein, who was hiding somewhere on the mountain peak, frowned slightly.
He felt a sense of joy and relief, as well as a strong sense of doubt.
In other words, I used 0-02 to exchange for The Fool’s card? The Goddess
doesn’t need me to seek clues regarding the River of Eternal Darkness for
the time being? Klein silently muttered to himself. He walked out of the
hidden area and arrived not far from the ancient palace. He bent down and
picked up the Card of Blasphemy.
On the surface of the card was Roselle Gustav, who was wearing colorful
clothes and holding a stick and luggage. His eyes were filled with a longing
for the future, and behind him was a puppy.
On the upper left corner of the card, the resplendent stellar radiance
outlined a few words:
“Sequence 0: The Fool!”
…
Inside the ancient palace, the Trunsoest Brass Book fell to the ground and
opened up to the first page of the second half of the book.
New rules began to form:
“…The Trunsoest Brass Book is the most precious item. No living being is
permitted to touch it. Those in violation are to be sentenced to death!
“…One is not allowed to change the condition of the Trunsoest Brass Book
in any way. Those in violation are to be sentenced to death!
Just as the two rules just appeared, and before it could “inform” the owner
here, a line of words suddenly appeared between the two halves of the
book:
“All the following rules are ineffective.”
An hour later, the two rules were wiped out, and new rules were written.
However, after just two lines, there was an additional clause in front of
them—0-02 seemed to have reached a blank slate that happened when the
entire book was filled up.
Again and again, the Trunsoest Brass Book fell into an endless cycle.