Chapter 737

: Official Appearance
Why would the madman, Gehrman Sparrow, need to find someone to claim
Admiral of Blood’s bounty on his behalf? That’s not right. Why would he be
able to claim the bounty? Danitz suddenly snapped out of his confusion and
grasped the crux of the matter.
He immediately lowered his head to prevent himself from exposing his
shock and confusion.
The adventurers beside him continued their conversation.
“How would that be possible? No one would dare to claim it on his behalf!”
“That’s right—unless they wish to bear the wrath of the Church of Storms
or selling out Gehrman Sparrow!”
“42,000 pounds… If I can receive that sum of money, I’ll immediately head
to Backlund to be a tycoon!”
“Haha, wouldn’t you be enjoying yourself in the Red Theater for half a year
first?”
“Perhaps Gehrman Sparrow can claim it from Intis, Feysac, or Feynapotter.
Although it wouldn’t be as much as 42,000 pounds, it’s definitely in no way
a low amount…”
…
As the adventurers conversed, they began imagining their lives after
obtaining 42,000 pounds. They even had a conflict of opinions and began
arguing with flushed faces.
No way… Are they implying that Gehrman has finished off Admiral of
Blood? No, although that madman always had the intention of doing so, he
lacks the required support that he needs. He needs to work with Captain…
Anderson Hood? Danitz stood up, pressed down his cap, and kept his head
down. He rushed towards the billiard and card rooms where there were
newspapers placed there.
Just as he left, the few adventurers from before looked at his back and
spoke in hushed tones.
“Do you recognize him? It’s obvious that something is wrong with how he
was acting so suspiciously!”
“I didn’t get a good look, but I think he’s a pirate who’s here to gather
intel.”
“Shall we…” An adventurer gestured, slicing his hand across his throat.
“Perhaps it’s someone we can’t afford to offend. Let’s wait and see.”
Another adventurer stopped his companion’s actions.
Danitz entered an empty billiard room, came to the corner, and picked up a
stack of newspapers. He quickly flipped through them, and slowly, his
expression twisted.
What did that madman do? He really finished off Admiral of Blood? It’s
only been a few months, and his strength has risen to such a level?
Furthermore, the papers didn’t even mention Anderson Hood… Danitz was
alarmed and thankful that he wisely chose to submit in front of Gehrman
Sparrow. Otherwise, people would’ve long seen the news of him being
hunted in exchange for bounty money.
No, no. Back then, my death wouldn’t have been published… Man,
Gehrman Sparrow is really a member of a cult… As he thought, Danitz
suddenly froze like a statue.
That was because he was apparently, probably, likely a member of that
cult…
Haha, the Church and military often likes to exaggerate. Yes, it’s a secret
organization, not a cult! Danitz consoled himself before having the feeling
that the organization backing Gehrman Sparrow was surprisingly
mysterious and abnormally powerful.
The successful hunting of Senor, one of the Seven Pirate Admirals, was
evidence!
Phew… Danitz exhaled as he apprehensively praised The Fool inwardly,
expressing his desires to handle matters seriously.
…
In a small building near the governor-general’s office, Elland and Oz Kent
walked out.
“It’s finally over…” Elland sighed as he wore his captain’s hat.
Oz Kent rubbed his red brandy nose and added with a sigh, “That’s right.”
They had been interrogated while separated for two full days because of
Gehrman Sparrow. They were faced with Interrogators who were best at
such matters.
Thankfully, Elland had never hidden anything from the beginning. He had
reported to his superiors that Gehrman Sparrow was of unknown origins,
but that he was friendly to the military. It had nothing to do with him since
the decision of making this crazy adventurer an informant while having his
background investigated was made by the higher-ups.
As for Oz Kent, there weren’t any problems at all. He had followed regular
protocol when claiming the bounty for Gehrman Sparrow.
As they slowly walked towards the entrance in the middle of the garden,
Elland said with a sigh, “Who knew that Gehrman Sparrow was that crazy
and powerful…”
According to the little information that they knew, finishing off Admiral of
Blood was just one of the most ordinary and trivial matters that Gehrman
Sparrow had done that day.
And such a crazy person had made the choice of entering the dangerous
Bansy to save a few passengers and crew members who had merely
expressed their friendship to him.
Elland later learned that the dangers lurking in Bansy had far exceeded his
imagination. The Church of Storms had directly destroyed the entire place!
If I had told the Interrogators that Gehrman Sparrow has a soft and kind
heart, they will definitely think I’m lying… Humans are really a mass of
contradictions… Elland silently shook his head.
After hearing Elland’s poignant remark, Oz Kent replied with a wry smile,
“Back then, I thought you introduced me to a relatively strong adventurer.
But in the end, he even finished off Admiral of Blood! Damn it. I even think
he has the strength to become the fifth king. You wouldn’t doubt what I say
if you look at the forest and those nearby mountains!
“That place, it’s like… it’s like…”
Elland glanced at Oz Kent and finished his sentence for him: “It’s like it
was blasted by the coastal defenses more than a hundred times over.”
“That’s right!” Oz Kent agreed with Elland’s description.
By then, the two had walked out the main entrance.
Elland looked at the night sky with twinkling stars and the dark crimson
moon. After a few seconds of silence, he adjusted his collar and said, “Let’s
hope he doesn’t return to the sea again…”
…
Bayam. 6 Sfere Street.
Dressed in children’s clothes, Denton ran up to the study and said to his
elder sister who was practicing her sketching, “Donna, th-they say that
Uncle Sparrow is a bad guy, a cultist, and a murder!
“Th-they even showed me the newspapers!”
Donna turned her head as she wrinkled her nose.
“No way!
“Uncle Sparrow is a righteous, brave, and kind adventurer. We saw it with
our own eyes. These are definitely more reliable than the papers!”
She hesitated for a moment before eloquently saying, “Al-although he had a
very terrifying and ugly appearance, it was the price for his dreams and the
power to protect! Denton, remember, the papers often like to fabricate
content based on rumors or hearsay.”
“Yeah!” Denton nodded heavily. “I’ve already cursed them!”
Donna praised her brother and subconsciously looked out. She saw that the
street lamps had cast their light into their garden. It was tranquil, serene,
and gentle.
…
Hillston Borough, inside a high-class inn.
Klein folded a white handkerchief and placed it in his left breast pocket,
and he raised his hand to retrieve his half top hat.
Today was the day for the mysterious tycoon, Dwayne Dantès, to officially
appear in public!
He didn’t wait for the sale of the bike company shares or the mystical items,
and he planned on first using the remaining 2,962 pounds he had to cover
his initial expenses.
This was sufficient, as it was equivalent to six to seven years of an upper-
middle class family’s income!
Arrodes didn’t enter my dream last night. This means that he’s unable to
sense my return to Backlund without any close contact. That’s a good thing.
Yes, I’ll contact it with the radio transceiver tonight to inquire about the evil
spirit. I won’t need to go through this hassle in the future, Klein mumbled
inwardly as he held his cane and walked out of the hotel.
At that moment, the sun was shining through the thin mist, elating the
moods of the pedestrians. Klein got onto a carriage, and he went straight for
Cherwood Borough’s City Family Servant Assistance Association at 9
Canylowell Street. He planned on hiring an experienced butler, and get him
to organize the servants needed for a villa.
In the City Family Servant Assistance Association, Baylin ended a
conversation with a male colleague that came to talk to her. She lowered her
head to clean up the two drops of black tea on her lotus leaf-colored dress.
At that moment, she heard a mellow and heavy voice that time had left its
mark on.
“Good morning, Ma’am.”
Baylin hurriedly looked up and towards the reception. She saw a gentleman
in his forties, wearing a tailcoat made of silk and carrying a gold-inlaid
cane. Apart from the three buttons on his clothes, there was a golden chain
that extended into his pocket.
This gentleman had a pair of deep blue eyes, and he was good looking.
Even the tiny white patches on the side of his hair had added to the air he
exuded. Just a smile from him made Baylin feel her cheeks turn warm.
“Sir, h-how many I be of service? Ah, right. How may I address you?”
Baylin hurriedly got up and said.
“Dwayne Dantès,” Klein warmly replied with a smile. “I wish to hire a
butler, a good one.”
“Mr. Dantès, please wait a moment. Have a seat.” Baylin hurriedly led
Klein to the guest area, and she reached out to point at a cloth sofa.
Klein held a smile without rushing or nagging her. He very patiently sat
down and awaited the staff to provide him with a list of names of the
butlers.
What a gentleman… Oh no, I forgot to ask him what requirements he has!
Baylin raised her hand to touch her cheeks and said, “Mr. Dantès, what kind
of butlers are you looking for?”
Klein was already prepared as he replied with a mellow voice, “It’s best if
they have served in a noble family before.”
This aided Dantès in widening his social circle.
Baylin gradually grasped her professional knowledge as she said in detail,
“Such butlers are rare. As you know, nobles seldom change their butlers
unless they’re unable to provide an effective service. Furthermore, even if
they aren’t able to be a butler, they’re able to fill other positions in a noble
household.
“In addition, the wealthy often have a considerable desire towards such
butlers, and they’re willing to offer salaries with a premium. Mr. Dantès, we
do have the kinds you are looking for, but their annual salaries are above
100 pounds.”
That makes the weekly salary to be about 2 pounds and up… An ordinary
butler’s annual salary is 40 to 80 pounds, which is 15 soli to 1 pound 10
soli a week. That appears to be at the level of a technical worker’s salary,
but the master will provide room, food, clothes, charcoal, and other
necessities. A butler practically has zero expenditure… An annual salary of
100 pounds and above is really expensive… Klein quickly did the math as
he replied as though he didn’t take much notice, “No problem. As long as
they’re good butlers.”