Chapter 292

: Exchanging News
Audrey was interested in the pirate admiral and asked, “What’s his name?
What was his current title? There hasn’t been any related news in
Backlund.”
Alger nodded slowly.
“She’s a lady and was a famous pirate in the past. You should’ve heard of
Ailment Girl Tracy, right?”
“No, I don’t know much about such things.” Audrey shook her head in
honesty.
Me too… Sitting at the end of the table, Klein added inwardly.
Alger fell silent for two seconds, and without wasting any time explaining,
he said, “In short, she subdued the crew of Qilangos’s crew last month. She
proved herself with actual action that she had the strength of a pirate
admiral. She changed the name of Qilangos’s ship to Black Death and calls
herself Rear Admiral Ailment.
“In the past, she acted independently and was someone who specialized in
curses, black flames, and ice. Her enemies would always suffer from
sudden ailments of various kinds. At present, no one knows which pathway
she belongs to, but they’re certain that she’s at Sequence 5.”
Audrey listened with relish. She blinked her eyes and requested curiously,
“Mr. Hanged Man, can you introduce the four pirate kings and the other six
pirate admirals in detail? I’ve only heard of their names and titles, but I
don’t know what Beyonder powers they are equipped with.”
Alger looked around and saw that both The Sun and The World were
showing signs of attentiveness. He nodded slightly and said, “That wouldn’t
be an issue.”
“The strongest pirate king is the King of the Five Seas, Nast. He claims to
be a descendant of the Fourth Epoch’s Solomon Empire. Not only is he a
High-Sequence Beyonder, but he possesses the terrifying ghost ship ‘Dark
Emperor,’ a relic of the empire. He’s adept at using ‘order.’ He can pull his
enemy into combat, in a domain that he’s best at, and create fascinating
effects…
“He’s also the oldest pirate in the world. Rumor has it that he’s over a
hundred years old, and he has been active in the Five Seas since the Roselle
era. No one knows exactly how old he is.
“Of course, compared to the other pirate kings, there’s a lot of information
about him. As for the owner of Dawn, all we know is that she’s a beautiful
woman. She was once a Warlock and is now a demigod. She calls herself
‘Queen Mystery.'”
…
After introducing the “four kings,” Alger changed the topic to the six
remaining pirate admirals.
“The owner of the Black Tulip, Ludwell, was once a subordinate of the
King of the Five Seas. Later, he became independent and calls himself
‘Admiral Hell.’ Rumor has it that he’s established certain connections with
the Numinous Episcopate. He’s a powerful medium and can control all sorts
of creatures in the spirit world. He’s terrifying and odd. Rumor has it that he
possesses a ring left behind from the ancient era’s ‘Death.’
“Admiral of Stars Cattleya was once a follower of Queen Mystery, but
they’ve long become estranged. The reason for that, according to rumors, is
because she joined a particular secret organization, angering Queen
Mystery. And according to the information I know, this secret organization
is the Moses Ascetic Order.”
The Moses Ascetic Order… The Mystery Pryer pathway… The Hidden
Sage… Klein suddenly thought of old Neil’s loss of control and the evil god
who would whisper temptations into the ears of Low-Sequence Beyonders
of the same Sequence.
This was the first time he learned news regarding the Moses Ascetic Order
through reality instead of books!
Then, Alger introduced Admiral of Blood Senor, who was suspected to be
nonhuman; Rear Admiral Deep Sea Howl Constantine, who possessed a
bloodline that was partially from sea monsters; Rear Admiral Iceberg
Edwina Edwards, and Rear Admiral Dusk Bulatov Ioan.
“Thank you so much for sharing. I’m beginning to yearn for the sea,”
Audrey said, filled with longing. “I don’t know when I’ll be able to truly
travel.”
“No, Miss Justice, it’s absolutely not as nice as you imagine. From my point
of view, it’s an amalgamation of blood, chaos, murder, desire, and horror,”
Alger calmly doused her enthusiasm.
Audrey nodded and switched topics.
“There have been 11 serial murders in Backlund recently, but one of them
has been proven to be a copycat crime. The serial killings are against
women who were street girls but are now working normal professions. The
murderer cuts open their stomachs and removes all of their internal organs.”
“This sounds like something to do with devil worship. Was it done by
someone from the Blood Sanctify Sect?” Alger instantly made a guess.
“I don’t know. The murderer hasn’t been found yet.” Audrey yearned to
become a detective, bringing Susie along and capturing that cursed
murderer.
At this moment, Derrick blurted out in a daze, “I know about such rituals.”
He knows? That’s right. Before the cataclysm, especially during the Second
Epoch, devils were active in the real world where they lived on the ground.
They were the object of hatred for both giants and dragons. It’s normal for
the City of Silver to have relevant records… Their history hasn’t been
tampered with, nor has there been any blanks over the generations… Klein
looked thoughtfully at The Sun, waiting for him to say more.
“You know about this?” Audrey asked in joy.
Derrick nodded.
“It’s mentioned in our Devil Studies. It’s rather ancient. The Devils use it as
a ritual to supplement their advancement, typically used when advancing
from Sequence 6 to Sequence 5.”
“It’s not a ceremony to please the devil, but a ceremony for the devil to
assist them in advancing?” Audrey asked in surprise.
Derrick replied very seriously, “That’s right. The Abyss pathway’s
Sequence 6 is called Devil. This is also the origin of that race’s name.”
The Abyss pathway? Before the cataclysm, the Devil pathway was called
the Abyss pathway, and Devil is only the name of Sequence 6… Could…
Sequence 0 be Abyss?Again, Klein discovered the value of The Sun.
A lot of knowledge and mysteries were lost across the river of history, but
the City of Silver still possessed them!
“Is that so…” Audrey nodded indiscernibly. “Mr. Sun, are you aware of the
actual details of the ritual?”
Derrick nodded and said, “The minimum requirement is 13 and the highest
is 49. The more complete the ritual, the higher the chance of advancement.
“Between two murders, there must be a minimum of three days. Otherwise,
it would be easy to lose control, but the interval will also not exceed nine
days. That will cause the ritual to be reset.
“Every time a murder occurs and after every partial ritual, the Devil will eat
the victim’s organs. From this point on, he’ll be in a violent and
bloodthirsty state, wishing to harm others until that desire is satisfied once
again.”
“That’s really scary…” Audrey sighed from the bottom of her heart, feeling
that she couldn’t even bear to imagine it.
Klein sat in the thick gray fog, quietly listening and remembering.
After discussing the case of the serial killer, Audrey looked at Alger and
organized her words.
“Mr. Hanged Man, there’s something that I’ve been wondering about.
“I’ve attended several Beyonder gatherings and find that very few people
sell potion formulas. Even if there is one, it would be very difficult for the
transaction to close. Why is this?”
Alger chuckled and said, “That’s because a potion formula is easy to fake,
and Beyonder gatherings are relatively hidden and not too binding.
Therefore, no one dares to risk their lives. Are you going to prepare two sets
of Beyonder ingredients and conduct an experiment with animals first? That
price is too high.”
“…” Audrey suddenly felt a little guilty.
“Moreover, that’s not the only extra cost. Animals can lose control more
easily than humans after taking potions. You have to hire a few Beyonders
to protect you to prevent you from dying during your experiments. So, for
most Beyonders, even if a formula appears, they wouldn’t dare buy it,”
Alger added.
“…” Audrey felt even guiltier.
Alger didn’t notice her reaction and continued, “Because of this, unless the
host or a member of the gathering has the ability to appraise the authenticity
of the potion formula and has already won the trust of most members, it’s
difficult for a formula trade to close.”
Well, the Old Mister Eye of Wisdom can… Mr. A is a Shepherd, so he should
be able to… Klein leaned back in his chair and muttered something to
himself in silence.
A thought flashed through Audrey’s mind as she asked, “Can’t it be done by
making an oath?”
“Honorable Lady, this is an underground gathering. Do you think it’s
suitable to make an oath in the name of one of the seven orthodox gods?
This isn’t something that can be resolved with an oath. A corresponding
ritual is needed.” Alger chuckled. “As for other evil gods or devils and
mysterious existences like the Hidden Sage and the True Creator, unless
you’re ‘Their’ believers, who would dare to swear an oath in ‘Their’ name?
Wouldn’t they be wishing death upon themselves?”
At this point, he sighed.
“In addition, without them knowing the acting method, potions easily lead
to a loss of control, easily turning people into monsters. Furthermore, the
corresponding ingredients are hard to obtain and rather expensive.
Therefore, as long as the seven Churches don’t allow such trades to be
officially recognized, there’s no need for them to deliberately control the
spread of potion formulas on a wide scale, much less talk about
advancement.”
“So that’s how it is…” Audrey murmured to herself, clearing a huge
question in her mind.
No wonder… Klein suddenly came to a realization.
Seven orthodox gods? Derrick really wanted to ask which seven they were,
but he ultimately held himself back.
He thought for a moment and said, “The City of Silver has recently
organized an expedition to explore deep into the darkness and found a semi-
destroyed temple. The statue that’s worshipped inside was a naked man
nailed upside down on a cross. There were also a lot of bloodstains on its
surface.
“Do you know which god that is?”
This is… the True Creator! The Forsaken Land of the Gods actually has a
temple of the True Creator! Judging from what The Sun said, the True
Creator shouldn’t exist before the cataclysm; otherwise, it would be
impossible for the City of Silver to not recognize it! Klein used his Clown
ability to control his expression to prevent the shock from showing on his
face.
Justice, The Hanged Man, and The World exchanged looks, shook their
heads, and said in unison, “We don’t know.”
Just as they finished speaking, they heard Mr. Fool in the gray fog say in a
deep voice, “That’s the Fallen Creator.”