Chapter 970

: Talent at Soliciting Donations
After blankly following Ernes Boyar for a distance, Emlyn White gradually
abandoned his thoughts.
He glanced at the area beyond the veranda as the downpour grew in
intensity. He couldn’t help but think, How should I punish Ernes? Although
he had done so because he likely followed orders or a cue, it’s still
despicable!
As for Lord Nibbs… I presently do not have the ability. But wait, once I
become a marquis or a duke, I’ll definitely make him pay the price!
Miss Magician has already completed her exploration of the ancient
abandoned castle. I’m not sure if Lord Nibbs had sent Sanguine to monitor
the area… From her tone, description, and the feedback given by Mr. Fool,
there was probably no monitors… Could it be that Lord Nibbs didn’t send
any Sanguine to the vicinity of the ancient castle? But what’s the point of
such a test? Or could it be that they missed it because of some problems?
Amidst his thoughts, Emlyn White felt that he needed to get someone to
discuss the matter of punishing Ernes Boyar. He was severely lacking in
such experience.
Subconsciously, the first candidate of choice that came to him was The
Hanged Man. This senior member of the Tarot Club was shown to be
extremely experienced in various matters. He was extraordinarily reliable
and had never left the other members disappointed.
After hesitating for a few seconds, Emlyn struck down this choice. This was
because this matter involved the Sanguine’s internal test. To consult the
Tarot Club members before he obtained an answer damaged his pride and
overall image of the Sanguine!
By the same reason, he eliminated The World as a choice.
Of course, he believed he could guess the suggestion that The World would
give: Kill him!
There’s no need to go that far… Emlyn mumbled inwardly. As he aimlessly
tailed Ernes Boyar, he began expanding the candidates to the real world.
Then, he realized he didn’t have anyone to choose from. He almost had zero
friends.
Eliminating his parents who were Sanguine as well, he only had two or
three people in mind. They were the Harvest Church’s Father Utravsky and
Detective Sherlock Moriarty, who had a mysterious background and a
myriad of means at his disposal.
Sherlock hasn’t returned after leaving Backlund. Sigh, I can only seek out
Father Utravsky tomorrow. But I can’t be that direct… Emlyn quickly made
up his mind. He walked past Ernes Boyar, who entered a watch shop, and
headed for the end of the veranda where there were several rental carriages.
Getting in the carriage, he felt the wheels turning. He casually glanced out
the window and saw more raindrops striking the glass, drawing out trails
that streaked down.
In his blurred vision, carriages drove past.
Audrey retracted her gaze from the rainy scene outside the carriage and
glanced at her lady’s maid, Annie, before communicating with Susie
silently.
The look in her eyes, her expression, and her not obvious body language
said: We’re almost home. I’m a little nervous.
On the ground, Susie shook her tail, raised her paw, and adjusted the gold-
rimmed glasses hanging by her neck. Together with the changes in the
colors of her Ether Body and Body of Heart and Mind, she expressed
herself:
Don’t worry. That Ma’am Escalante, who’s a psychiatrist on the surface, is
only a Telepathist. She won’t be able to see through your lies.
Audrey nodded gently and watched her carriage enter the Hall family’s
luxurious villa and stop in front of the sheltered foyer.
Ever since joining the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation, she had begun
spending less time at home. She had originally planned on meeting Ma’am
Escalante from the Psychology Alchemists at 22 Phelps Street in North
Borough, but since Mr. Dwayne Dantès had left for the Southern Continent
and wasn’t in the foundation, there was no need for that.
In the study she called her own, Audrey met Ma’am Escalante Oseleka who
had black hair reaching her waist and a baby face.
“I must apologize. I’d been busy meeting up with friends after returning to
Backlund. My subsequent joining of the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation
has delayed my meeting with you until today.” After leaving Susie outside,
Audrey elegantly bowed to express her attitude. In fact, this has been
deliberate. By dragging out their meeting for about a month, her digestion
of the Psychiatrist potion and advancement to Hypnotist became rather
reasonable. It was the progress one would expect from a genius and nothing
else.
Escalante returned the greeting without much thought.
“I heard that you have been busy with children who desire knowledge. Your
virtues are more dazzling than diamonds.”
As Audrey gestured for her to sit, she walked to a single-seater and tersely
acknowledged.
“Those children are in situations I’ve never seen before. There’s often a
voice inside me that’s urging me to do something. Ma’am Escalante, if
you’re free, you can join me and the staff of the Loen Charity Bursary
Foundation to go visit the different schools. There, you will get to see what
most children in the world are experiencing.”
Having said that, she chuckled as though being self-deprecatory.
“I apologize. I’ve recently been accustomed to kick-start such topics. It’s
because I wish for more nobles and the wealthy to involve themselves in
such charities. I hope they can donate more to help even more children.”
After hearing Audrey, Escalante replied somewhat uncomfortably, “I will
do so. I’ll also donate some money to the Loen Charity Bursary
Foundation.”
“No, I’m not forcing you to donate. This has to be an action that comes
from the heart, and something voluntary. I only wish for you to take a look
and then inform the people around you of these children’s plight and their
possible futures. This includes the members of the Psychology Alchemists.”
Audrey shook her head, rejecting Escalante’s suggestion.
“Alright.” Escalante first nodded gently in agreement before feeling that
there was something ridiculous in this matter: Miss Audrey’s true motives
were to solicit donations from the Psychology Alchemists.
But this was a secret, extraordinary underground organization!
This was no different from soliciting donations from the Aurora Order!
Audrey didn’t continue discussing matters related to the Loen Charity
Bursary Foundation. Instead, she said, “Ma’am Escalante, I have something
I’d like to inform you of.”
“What is it?” Escalante “read” the solemnity, joy, and pride from her actions
and emotions.
Audrey smiled and said, “I’ve already become a Hypnotist.”
“…” At that moment, Escalante suspected that Audrey had hypnotized her.
Although she knew that Audrey had obtained the Hypnotist potion formula
previously, how long ago was that?
“You should be able to determine that I’m not lying,” Audrey said with a
smile.
Only then did Escalante snap to her senses as she asked in surprise and
doubt, “You seem to have some extraordinary encounter?”
“It’s to have the courage to make use of matters,” Audrey said things that
couldn’t be any truer.
Escalante frowned and said with some hesitation, “You wish for the
Sequence 5 potion formula?”
“Yes. What do I need to do, or what price needs to be paid?” Audrey didn’t
hide her motives.
Escalante looked at the beautiful, blonde, and green-eyed lady in front of
her and deliberated.
“This isn’t something that’s up to me to decide. I will report it and try to
arrange for you to meet with Hilbert and Stephen.”
She was referring to psychologist ad jewelry designer, Hilbert Alucard, and
furniture merchant, Stephen Hampres.
Clearly, in this group of Psychology Alchemists members, Escalante was in
a subordinate position.
Audrey wasn’t surprised by Escalante’s reaction, but this didn’t mean that
her handling of matters wasn’t without a problem.
A Sequence 6 Beyonder who had the wish to advance was someone that
required deep importance to be attached to in any secret organization. This
was even the case with the orthodox Churches. They were people who were
qualified to meet high-ranking members directly!
This also meant that, after advancing to Hypnotist, Audrey was already an
elite in the middle-ranking members of the Psychology Alchemists. Her
next goal was to become a quasi high-ranking member. The person she
needed to meet was a councilor of the Psychology Alchemists’ Council, and
not Hilbert or Stephen.
As her thoughts flashed across her mind, Audrey deliberately showed some
of her displeasure.
Escalante acutely noticed this and hurriedly explained, “Meeting Hilbert
and Stephen is to confirm your condition before a councilor meets you.
“In fact, with your present level, you should be leading a team and
recruiting new members. But with your identity, status, and daily
environment, we have canceled that plan, afraid that it would influence your
normal day-to-day life.”
Councilor… I wonder how many councilors from the Psychology
Alchemists there are in Backlund… Could it be the royal family’s
consultant, Hvin Rambis? Audrey nodded in thought and said, “I can
understand that and will await your arrangements.”
She then diverted the topic and asked with a curious look, “Ma’am
Escalante, do you know what’s the name of the Sequence 5 potion of the
Spectator pathway?”
Seeing this blonde, green-eyed, young noble lady taking on such a demure
pose, Escalante silently heaved a sigh of relief.
“I’ve once heard Hilbert mention that it’s called Dreamwalker.”
Dreamwalker… This is somewhat different from what I imagined. Or it
could be that “dream” is just an analogy. To be precise, it should be
Subconscious Walker? Audrey didn’t conceal her contemplation and
analysis before directing her questions to psychology and various
information.
After having Escalante stay for dinner, she sent the lady to the door where
she got on a carriage.
At this moment, it was dark outside with gales roaring and rain pouring.
Amidst the pouring rain, howling winds, and the dark night, a steam
sailboat hybrid was cruising through the safe sea route in the Berserk Sea
with tourists on board.
Klein had already left the Southern Continent and had returned to Desi Bay
as Dwayne Dantès.
Amidst the shaking ship, he suddenly woke up, got out of bed, and headed
to the window of his first-class cabin’s living room to look outside.
Amidst the downpour, three huge strange pure-black sailboats were silently
cruising over.
Hanging on their sides were lanterns with three black sails on masts almost
a hundred meters long.
And on its deck stood a mottled stone chair that was two to three meters
high; its back facing the cabin. No one was sitting on it.
It was the Black Emperor-symbol of the King of the Five Seas, Nast!