Chapter 1378

Change of Plans
On the different Amons’ faces, the monocles in different forms emitted pure
light.
This was something “They” had stolen from the depths of the ruins of the
battle of gods. It came from the ancient sun god’s eternal daytime effect
there. It could purify filthy and evil objects, and awaken sleeping creatures.
“They” “gifted” this to Klein.
This, combined with the ability to control the strength of seals obtained
from the Apprentice domain’s authority, was enough to break the state of
eternal slumber.
In that instant, the mental imprint of Antigonus and the will of the Celestial
Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings in Klein’s body awakened. The
madness, the vastness, cruelty, bloodthirstiness, and coldness were like an
invisible storm that wreaked havoc in Klein’s mind.
Almost at the same time, in The Fool’s Uniqueness that he wore on his face
without fully accommodating it, the powerful will of the Celestial Worthy
of Heaven and Earth for Blessings seemed like a terrifying monster that had
been sleeping in the darkness for thousands of years. It suddenly opened its
eyes.
The former chaos and loss of control swept over again at that instant, but
Klein didn’t panic. Following one of his contingency plans, he calmly used
the “Grafting’ ability to guide the mental imprint of Antigonus to Celestial
Worthy’s will in The Fool’s Uniqueness, allowing the two thousand years of
entanglement between “Them” to collide again.
Meanwhile, Klein relied on his own consciousness and the anchors from
The Fool and the Sea God believers to balance out the Celestial Worthy’s
will contained within his Beyonder characteristic, just like when he
separated out the Attendant of Mysteries marionette.
If there weren’t any accidents, and if this continued, there was a chance that
Klein would be able to balance between the two sides and completely
accommodate The Fool’s Uniqueness. He would enter the final stage of the
ritual, but how could there be no accidents when he was surrounded by
Amons?
Several Amons strengthened the seal of the Trunsoest Brass Book and the
Magic Wishing Lamp to resist the former’s rule limitations. Some Amons
gave the “eternal daytime” to Klein, and a small number of Amons locked
onto Klein and attempted a “Theft.”
“They” were trying to steal his lucidity.
One Amon failed after another, but in the end, there were still a few Amons
who succeeded. “They” “Stole” away Klein’s self-awareness for the next
two seconds.
Klein’s thoughts blurred. Without his guidance, the Antigonus’s mental
imprint, the two wills of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings, as well as the anchors from his believers instantly lost their
balance and began to madly invade, influence, and corrupt each other.
Everything became extremely chaotic, and it was as if it was developing
irreversibly.
Klein’s body collapsed inch by inch, turning into clusters of transparent and
distorted maggots as he extended even more slippery and sinister tentacles.
And at this moment, the rules on the Trunsoest Brass Book were wiped
away and began writing:
“Speaking is prohibited here!”
“Attacking each other is prohibited here!”
Soon after, a familiar text appeared before the two rules.
“All the following rules are ineffective.”
After the seal was strengthened, the Trunsoest Brass Book seemed to enter a
new cycle. And the influence the Genie exerted on it became rather limited.
Klein’s consciousness quickly regained lucidity, but the situation in his
body was completely chaotic and out of control.
This made him completely unable to deal with the different influences or
have any hope of finding a new sense of balance.
In other words, he would run down the path of losing control until he
became a monster.
Without any time to think, Klein initiated his final contingency plan using
his instincts and experience.
He instantly gave up on saving his body and no longer focused on this
matter.
Not only that, but Klein had also even allowed the Attendant of Mysteries
marionette to turn into a whirlpool of maggots and let it fuse with his body
along with Zaratul’s mental imprint.
He wanted to mess things up! However, Amon’s avatars wouldn’t allow
him to make any attempts. Apart from the Amons, who were fighting
against the Magic Wishing Lamp and the Trunsoest Brass Book, the rest of
them began to “Steal” once again, trying to throw Klein’s thoughts into
chaos again until he completely lost control.
The Amon in the postman uniform succeeded, but what “He” stole wasn’t
Klein’s lucidity, but a drop of fresh blood.
This blood immediately seeped into Postman Amon’s palm.
Right on the heels of that, Postman Amon’s eyes turned crimson as “His”
stomach bulged at an unimaginable speed as it squirmed.
“He” seemed to be pregnant with a child!
“He” had stolen the blood blessed by the Primordial Moon, or in other
words, the Mother Goddess of Depravity!
Klein no longer placed most of his consciousness on balancing the
Antigonus’s mental imprint, the awakening will of the Celestial Worthy of
Heaven and Earth for Blessings, and his anchors. There was no need for
him to endure it passively like before. He could barely respond to Amon’s
theft.
IS NO
He used “Grafting” to change the target that Amon had stolen to Sefirah
Castle and “Tampered” it to the junk pile, replacing it with the blessed
blood of the Primordial Moon.
This was from Shaman King Klarman.
There was no doubt that there was a certain connection between Amon’s
avatars. Furthermore, it was impossible for “Their” levels to reach
Sequence 0. Therefore, when the Postman Amon was contaminated by that
drop of blood, the other Amons also showed levels of chaos. Some of
“Their” stomachs protruded as well. Some of “Their” eyes were dyed
crimson, while others had invisible babies in their arms as “They” walked
in circles on the spot…
This caused the other “Theft” to inevitably fail.
Klein seized this opportunity and used the brief moment of lucidity to stir
the power of Sefirah Castle to cast a shadow over the ancient palace.
This place was once again concealed.
Then, he ignored the mental imprint of Antigonus in his body, Zaratul’s
mental imprint, and the two wills of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and
Earth for Blessings that was beginning to fuse together. He made the blank-
faced avatar which stood nearby without having shown any breakdown to
extend his hand towards his main body.
Its five fingers quickly closed, and its wrist quickly twisted.
As Klein’s self-consciousness didn’t resist and even took the initiative to
cooperate, his avatar didn’t suffer many failures before using the help from
Sefirah Castle to successfully steal his own consciousness, fate, anchors,
and most of his identities.
The only identity he left behind in his main body was his identity related to
The Fool.
At the same time, he had also “Stolen” the identity, fate, and mental imprint
of the Antigonus family’s ancestor, the mark of fate and spirit. This could
only succeed in a few tries thanks to his self-consciousness cooperating
As the stream of light with countless distributaries appeared, Klein’s
avatar’s face contorted as it turned into Klein Moretti, who had fused with
Gehrman Sparrow’s traits.
He had become the main body, the main body without any Beyonder
characteristics!
Of course, his self-consciousness and anchors were still resisting the mental
imprint of the Antigonus family’s ancestor, but compared to before, this was
undoubtedly much easier to deal with.
Having already adapted to the identity of Antigonus, he quickly found a
new balance, delaying the fate of losing control.
Although this remained unavoidable, it gave him a certain amount of time
for his subsequent actions.
On the other side, in the spot where Klein’s original body was, there was
only The Fool’s Uniqueness, all the Beyonder characteristics from the
“curtain,” the Beyonder characteristics that originated from Zaratul, the tiny
number of Beyonder characteristics which Klein had consumed and
digested previously, as well as the awakening will of the Celestial Worthy
of Heaven and Earth for Blessings, the remnant mental imprint of Zaratul,
as well as The Fool’s identity.
And without Klein’s self-consciousness, Antigonus’s mental imprint, and
the large number of anchors involved, Zaratul’s remnant mental imprint was
quickly destroyed and corroded by the awakening will of the Celestial
Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.
In the next second, Klein’s “main body” suddenly fell silent.
The collapse of his body stopped. He lowered his head and stopped
extending the slippery and sinister tentacles around him. He was so quiet
that he appeared to have lost his soul.
In such a scene, the silence was even more terrifying than madness. That
frozen body seemed to be giving birth to an extremely terrifying monster!
Klein didn’t care about what was happening. He quickly “Grafted” the
partial connection between himself and his “main body” above the gray fog.
Then, he shifted his target and locked onto Antigonus who was on the huge
stone chair.
Without receiving Amon’s help, the former Half-Fool failed to escape from
“His” state of eternal slumber.
Klein once again reached out his right hand, stealing the remaining
Sequence 9 and 1 Beyonder characteristics of the other party.
Although he was currently using the identity and fate of Antigonus, it was
still difficult for him to complete the “Theft.” Failure was inevitable.
At that moment, outside the Realm of Mysteries created by Sefirah Castle,
Amon regained “His” consciousness from the initial chaos.
“They” raised “Their” hands and adjusted “Their” monocles, causing the
redness in “Their” eyes to vanish. Others looked down at “Their” stomachs
and reached out to stroke them.
A second later, the bulging stomachs split open, and baby after baby with
faint crimson colors appeared.
These infants didn’t cry, nor were they deformed. All of them took out
crystal monocles from the void in smooth succession and wore them to their
right eye.
The number of Amons increased.
“He” had converted the babies which were due, turning them into “His”
avatars so as to prevent the corruption of the Primordial Moon from
interfering with “Him.”
At this moment, Earth Mother and God of Steam and Machinery had
achieved the upper hand to some extent on their respective battlefields.
They could finally make use of this small advantage to interfere with the
situation inside the palace.
Instantly, a portion of Amons turned into plants as they bloomed or bore
fruit, returning to the land. A portion of Amons became knowledge,
information, and words, as “They” ended up imprinted into an illusory
book.
However, there were still some Amons who had used “Blink,” relied on
loopholes, or from using the deception of the rules to successfully avoid the
influence of the two true deities. As “They” continued to strengthen the seal
of the Magic Wishing Lamp and the Trunsoest Brass Book, “They” opened
a “door” in Klein’s Realm of Mysteries.
At the same time, the angels also noticed the changes in the astral world,
but “Their” gazes were unable to penetrate the Earth Mother’s natural
barrier and the God of Steam and Machinery’s civilization picture. “They”
couldn’t see the interior at all.
This also meant that, even if “They” wanted to exert influence, there was
nothing “They” could do.
Inside the Realm of Mysteries created by Sefirah Castle, Klein finally
succeeded in stealing the Beyonder characteristics of Antigonus from
Sequence 9 to Sequence 1, ones that had been digested!
Due to the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence, the latter had
attracted many Beyonders of the same pathway over a long span of history.
While turning them into marionettes, “He” had also absorbed their
Beyonder characteristics. Therefore, at that moment, there was still a large
number of Seer pathway Beyonder characteristics left in Antigonus’s body,
including a Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristic.
The dark points of light quickly merged into Klein’s body and fused with
him.
As he was now Antigonus, and as all the Beyonder characteristics had been
digested by Antigonus, his fate of losing control didn’t speed up as he
maintained his previous progress.
This way, Klein had once again become a Sequence 1 Attendant of
Mysteries, one who had already digested the potion, with a fate that pointed
towards losing control.
At this moment, his original “main body” raised his head, his eyes dark.
However, from this glance, the present Klein’s mind instantly slowed down
as his body turned cold. He almost had no way of resisting it.
The powerful will that he was very familiar with began to slowly rise,
attempting to influence Sefirah Castle.
The Lord of the Mysteries had awakened to a certain threshold in Klein’s
“main body.”
The Fool had become a truly great existence that was being awakened. It
matched the guess of the Tarot Club and was in conflict with true history.
Before Klein’s thoughts slowed down, he took the initiative to cooperate
with Amon and dispelled the Realm of Mysteries, allowing the situation
inside to interact with the outside world.
He had already “fooled” history without any problems, just like the first
plan he came up with. As for how to end it, he never had a good idea.
According to the changes in the situation, the final plan he activated at this
critical moment
was:
To not leave himself any way out. He would go from accommodating The
Fool’s Uniqueness to advancing to the true Fool!
In any case, this wouldn’t be worse than the previous situation.