Chapter 1354

This Nigh
Late at night, the clanging sound of the door and windows opening woke
Wendel up from his deep sleep. He warily rolled off the bed and surveyed
his surroundings.
What happened? Utopia encountered a super heavy storm? It wasn’t easy
for the recently insomniac Wendel to fall asleep, but he had no choice but to
get out of bed. His mind was still lethargic, and he looked rather lost.
He soon realized that there was no wind blowing in from the open window,
nor did the rain enter. It was like he had opened it while sleepwalking to
take in fresh air.
Wendel suddenly thought of the supernatural events that he had experienced
and learned from the dossier. He was reminded of the fear of the unknown
that once ruled his heart.
He didn’t know what else would happen next, nor could he guess what he
would encounter. He felt a chill run down his back as he shivered again.
At this moment, he heard the commotion outside the door. All sorts of
voices entered his ears.
There were the loud sounds of running, the sounds of judgment, the
declarations of orders to be changed, and unconcealed shouts.
“Something is wrong with the underground seal!”
“Be on high alert!”
Underground seal? What kind of item is sealed beneath the Irises Hotel?
Wendel was surprised and confused. He couldn’t help but walk to the door
and look around.
He then saw an MI9 colleague, who he barely knew, and Colonel Xio
Derecha, who was on duty tonight.
Did MI9 find Utopia because of me? They’re here to handle the
abnormality? Wendel instinctively frowned just as the thought flashed
through his mind.
He discovered that the corridor outside was completely different from the
Irises Hotel. Not only were there gas lamps on both sides, but there were
also classical candle stands. The floor was very bright, and the ceiling was
more than three meters high…
This… This isn’t the Irises Hotel… Wendel suddenly turned around and
sized up the room he was in.
He quickly recognized that this was his sleeping quarters at MI9
headquarters. His luggage was placed quietly in a corner without any signs
of movement.
Wendel clearly remembered that he had headed to Utopia through the
washroom in his room. He wasn’t too confident in the process, so he didn’t
bring his luggage and only held the subpoena from Utopia’s courts.
Tap! Tap! Tap! He quickly ran to the window and looked outside.
What greeted his eyes was the garden and lawn at MI9 headquarters.
I-I’m back in Backlund again? Or perhaps, I didn’t return to Utopia at all. I
was just too tired and ended up having a dream in my sleep? Wendel
dazedly walked back to his bed and sat down.
After about ten seconds, he suddenly jumped up and picked up his coat
from the ground.
Then, he saw the Utopian subpoena in the inner pocket of the coat when it
should be inside a drawer.
Wendel fell silent, as though he had become a statue.
…
Travel columnist, Monica, also woke up from the banging of the doors and
windows.
She sat up straight, pulled the blanket up, and placed it in front of her chest.
The sleepy-eyed Monica’s first reaction was that a robber had barged into
the hotel. She was about to scream and call for the police.
But in the next ten to twenty seconds, Monica didn’t hear any footsteps
entering her room. However, there were more and more people gathered
along the corridor.
“What happened?”
“It doesn’t seem like a hurricane…”
“Was it a prank?”
“Damn clown, if I knew who it was, I would definitely kick his ass hard!”
…
The voices of discussion were mixed with all kinds of curses.
Monica didn’t think much of it when she heard it. Instead, she thought of
using the crowd’s discussion to consider the reason underlying the
paranormal activity and write it in her traveling column.
But as she listened, she gradually realized something was amiss.
How could Irises Hotel have so many guests?
She remembered clearly that on this floor, there were at most five rooms
with guests. This included her room.
At that moment, Monica thought of the ghost stories she had heard. She
immediately felt as if there were wraiths and shadows outside.
She had originally stretched her feet towards the bedside, preparing to leave
the room to participate in the discussion and grasp more details for her
writing material. But now, she retracted her feet and curled into a ball,
trembling.
A few seconds later, she heard a man say, “I asked the hotel owner, and he
said that he had no idea what happened. Perhaps there was a short storm
just now.
“Return to your room and get some rest. Remember to lock the windows.
Yawn. I have to get up early tomorrow to go to the Royal Museum.”
Royal Museum… Monica was stunned.
As a travel columnist, as a traveler who had been in Utopia for a long time,
she naturally knew that there was no Royal Museum.
In the Loen Kingdom, a museum with such a royal name would definitely
be in Backlund.
To take a steam locomotive from Utopia to Backlund required many hours.
Even if he woke up early, he wouldn’t be able to arrive before the Royal
Museum closed.
Monica was puzzled. She slowly lifted the blanket. She heard the sound of
the door and windows closing continuously.
She got off the bed carefully and walked towards the door.
During this process, she gradually saw the room through the moonlight.
Hiss… Monica almost screamed.
This wasn’t the guest room she had slept in previously!
Regardless of the layout or arrangement, they were completely different!
The ghost stories that she had thought of earlier surged into her mind again,
causing her legs to give way, and she almost couldn’t support herself.
Just as Monica’s teeth were chattering, she saw a hotel name card on the
table. It was prepared for guests. If she brought it out, she would be able to
get someone to guide her back when she was lost—even if she didn’t know
the language.
Monica subconsciously approached it and used the moonlight to identify
the words on the name card.
Carlpensa Hotel, Backlund West Borough, 19 Mourning Street.
Backlund West Borough… Backlund… Monica’s eyes widened as she felt
like space and time had gone topsy-turvy.
…
Backlund, Hillston Borough, in a house with a fireplace.
Fors heard the door and windows open, but she didn’t immediately wake
up. This was because she had fallen into a strange nightmare and couldn’t
break free.
She dreamed that her teacher, Dorian Gray Abraham, had been influenced
by the family’s Sealed Artifact, dying in front of her with blood dripping.
She dreamed that she had lost control and mutated, turning into a series of
starlight insects that warped into the shape of doors. She couldn’t help but
fly towards a Door of Flesh and Blood. She dreamed that the apocalypse
had dawned, and the surging blood-colored tide had drowned the entire
world, preventing Xio, Gehrman Sparrow, and company from escaping…
Finally, Fors escaped the dream and sat up, panting heavily.
As a demigod, one who was once an Astrologer, she knew what such a
dream meant. She hurriedly suppressed her emotions and looked up ahead.
The glass on the oriel window in the bedroom all bore open at some point in
time.
Something must’ve happened… Furthermore, it has a certain relationship
with the apocalypse, the Abraham family, and the Apprentice pathway…
Fors silently muttered to herself before standing up and wearing a cloak,
preparing to “Teleport” to her teacher to confirm his safety.
Such a change made her feel a sense of urgency towards advancing to
Sequence 3 or even Sequence 2.
After learning about the apocalypse from Mr. Fool and The World Gehrman
Sparrow, Fors had actually been working hard, but the Secrets Sorcerer
potion wasn’t something that she could digest in a short period of time.
Furthermore, without making any contributions, she couldn’t bring herself
to ask her teacher for the Wanderer’s formula and ingredients.
Of course, if she was willing, she could’ve obtained it from Mr. Door.
However, how could she have been bewitched after receiving all kinds of
reminders?
Phasing away, Fors vanished from the room.
A few seconds later, she appeared at Dorian Gray Abraham’s residence and
saw her teacher sitting there, pressing down on his heart as though he had
been frightened.
“…Do you need medicine?” Fors asked carefully.
She had purchased medicine from Mr. Moon to treat ailments of age.
Dorian took a deep breath and shook his head.
“There’s no need.”
Fors immediately relaxed.
“Teacher, I dreamed that you were affected by the negative effects of the
Sealed Artifact. Uh, the windows and doors around me had undergone
unnecessary changes, so I came over to take a look.”
Dorian looked up at the window open and said with a serious expression,
“Your dream wasn’t wrong. I nearly died just now, but at the most critical
moment, the seal came into effect…”
Having said that, he suddenly stood up and said to Fors, “Quick! Bring me
somewhere else. I’m worried that something might happen to the other
family members!”
Without any hesitation, Fors immediately grabbed her teacher’s arm and
asked for the exact location.
Their figures rapidly faded away and disappeared.
After traveling through the spirit world that was covered in gray fog for
several seconds, Fors and Dorian suddenly left their present environment
and landed in a place that looked like a study.
There were quite a few people standing there. They were members of the
Abraham family who wielded different Sealed Artifacts and could “Travel.”
“Vilos? Why are all of you here?” Dorian blurted out.
Vilos and the others shook their heads at the same time, both confused and
terrified.
In the next second, countless dazzling stars appeared out of the void.
The starlight quickly gathered together, turning into objects that fell to the
ground one after another.
There was a miniature door of starlight, a crystal ball formed from insects.
There was a translucent, strange-looking key, a resplendent torch that
burned slightly…
For some reason, names after names appeared in Dorian and company’s
minds:
Sequence 3 Wanderer Beyonder characteristic… Sequence 4 Secrets
Sorcerer Beyonder characteristic… Sequence 1 Key of Stars Beyonder
characteristic, Sequence 2 Planeswalker Beyonder characteristic…
Furthermore, there wasn’t just one of each Beyonder characteristic. There
were even two Sequence 1 Key of Stars Beyonder characteristics! In
addition, there were three Planeswalker Beyonder characteristics, and even
more of the rest.
The key members of the Abraham family and Fors slowly turned agape,
unable to close them for a long time.
By the time all the Beyonder characteristics dropped to the ground, nothing
abnormal happened again. There was silence.