Chapter 1232

Comparison Experiments
After becoming a demigod and gaining some level of control over Sefirah
Castle, Klein was able to prevent its aura from permeating out into the real
world and augmenting him. This made him stop considering similar
problems. After all, this would result in abnormalities, causing him to be
recognized by the Beyonders of the “Fate” pathway at a glance—it was
rather unsafe. And at this moment, once he received Will Auceptin’s
reminder, he felt that it opened up new possibilities.
When I was only a subsidiary to Sefirah Castle and only had the right to use
it, the aura and projection of Sefirah Castle made a saint of the Fate
pathway not dare to look at me directly. I was equivalent to a Mythical
Creature in the eyes to the corresponding Low- and Mid-Sequence
Beyonders. Now that I have initial control over Sefirah Castle, there’s a
high chance I can make the “effects” better… This can affect angels who
are complete Mythical Creatures “Themselves”? Sefirah Castle’s level
reaches that of Sequence 0 at the very least? Yes, according to my
deductions, it might even be higher than Sequence 0… It has the trait that
just knowing of it will result in corruption? Klein’s mind whirred with
activity as though streaks of lightning were flashing across his mind.
He quickly made up his mind. After returning to the Forsaken Land of the
Gods, he would find the monsters in the depths of the darkness and do some
experiments with the marionettes in the fog of history, so as to deduce if his
idea worked.
He smiled and said to the one-year-old child in the black pram, “I
understand what you mean. I’ll get someone to send you ice-cream soon.”
Will Auceptin, who was wrapped in silver silk, slowly turned his head and
looked to the side.
“No, there’s no need.
“I’ve been eating too much ice-cream during this period of time, and it’s
starting to affect my body’s development…”
Klein pricked up his brows and asked, “Genuine, top-grade ice-cream
produced right from the Intis capital, Trier.”
“…Give it to me next week.” Will Auceptin hesitated before answering.
With that said, the plump one-year-old child turned around and buried his
face into a tiny pillow in the pram.
Due to the limited time Miss Magician had at maintaining the Historical
Void projection, Klein didn’t say anything else. Using his unique trait, he
forcefully escaped the dream and woke up before getting out of bed.
Right on the heels of that, he stretched out his right hand and repeatedly
pulled at the air.
Four to five times later, his arm sank as he dragged out a woman wearing a
simple linen robe with a tree bark belt. She was barefooted and had long
black hair. She was a lady with average looks.
The leader of the ascetics of the Church of Evernight, Servant of
Concealment, Arianna!
At the same moment, in Hillston Borough, in an apartment, Fors, who was
sitting in a reclining chair, seemed to be pulled by invisible threads as she
sat up abruptly. Her body straightened as the blood vessels on her forehead
throbbed.
She felt that her spirituality was like a flood that flowed towards the void in
front of her, one that she couldn’t stop no matter how hard she tried. She
was on the brink of being sucked dry.
In the next second, this sudden surge eased quite a bit, but it remained
frightening. It wasn’t something that she could handle now.
In a hotel room, Klein spoke succinctly once he saw the Historical Void
projection of Ma’am Arianna gaining sentience.
“I plan on cooperating with others to deal with a particular Shaman King of
the Rose School of Thought.”
Arianna nodded gently, indicating that she understood, but she didn’t give
any suggestions.
Seeing that the ascetic leader didn’t give him any warnings, Klein felt a lot
more at ease with the plan to hunt the Shaman King. He then said, “I’ve
been planning on targeting the Dark Demonic Wolf recently.”
Arianna opened her mouth slightly and said, “Be careful.”
…Did “She” mean to say that I shouldn’t belittle the Dark Demonic Wolf,
Kotar? Just as he was about to ask a question, his consciousness suddenly
blurred. He saw the woman opposite him and his reflection in “Her” eyes
fade away as they quickly disappeared.
Thud!
Fors collapsed into the reclining chair as her facial muscles twitched
slightly.
“This is more tiring than writing all night long…” She gritted her teeth and
tried Cogitating to fall asleep.
Extreme exhaustion might sometimes paradoxically cause insomnia to a
person.
…
In the Forsaken Land of the Gods, near Nois ancient city in the north, there
was no one in the dark wilderness.
With the lantern emitting a faint yellow light, Klein circled around to
confirm his surroundings.
Then, he found a rock and sat down, no longer shielding the aura of the
gray fog from seeping into reality.
On this foundation, Klein consciously strengthened the projection that
Sefirah Castle placed on him.
After he was done with his preparations, he quickly turned a monster
hidden in the darkness around him into a marionette.
The marionette walked out of the darkness. Under the illumination of the
lantern, it approached Klein and cast its gaze on him.
In the eyes of this monster marionette, other than the coated and hatted
Klein having deeper, more profound eyes, his temperament had also
become even more indescribable. There wasn’t much of a difference from
before.
After repeatedly testing the different types of monster marionettes, Klein
confirmed that ordinary people, or most Beyonders, were unable to discover
that he had the aura of Sefirah Castle on him.
Following that, he reached out with his right hand and pulled out his body
from half a day ago. He controlled the rather dull historical projection to
cast his gaze over.
This time, “Klein” saw a layer of grayish-white fog covering his body. Its
interior was shimmering with light, but it didn’t reveal its actual
appearance.
He then removed the projection’s support and attempted to pull out
Marionettist Rosago and other Beyonders of the Seer pathway to repeat the
experiment.
Yes, after enhancing the projection, Beyonders of the Seer pathway can
directly discover something abnormal. However, those below the level of an
angel can at least confirm that I’m related to Sefirah Castle. There’s no way
to directly see the strange door of light, which is also the projection of
Sefirah Castle… This outcome wasn’t too surprising for Klein.
He took a deep breath and, after preparing himself to “rescue himself,” he
raised his hand and pulled out Winner Enuni from back when he hadn’t
been his marionette for long.
Enuni raised his head bit by bit, and his eyes gradually reflected Klein’s
figure. There was a faint gray fog that emanated outwards.
Deep in the fog, transparent or translucent twisted maggots were clustered
around countless spherical lights. The spherical lights formed a door of light
that was dyed bluish-black.
The door of light was much clearer than before as it appeared even more
textured. At the same time, its shape changed as it extended even higher up.
This made it look like a tall and thin, brilliant figure. And the grayish-white
fog around it was the figure’s hooded robe.
The spherical lights constantly flashed, making Klein feel like he was being
watched by this deep, mysterious, towering, and terrifying figure with his
numerous eyes.
With a boom, Klein’s head involuntarily tilted back as blood mixed with
transparent maggots spurted out of his pores.
The Worms of Spirit fell to the ground as they frantically rolled and
struggled. Some of them rapidly dissipated, while some eventually calmed
down before crawling back into his body and into his pores.
Man… It’s much better than directly losing consciousness and suffering
memory loss the last time… Klein rubbed his temples and sighed silently.
Enuni, who was standing in front of him, had already vanished because of
the impact that Klein had received. Unable to maintain the Historical Void
projection, Enuni vanished.
This was also one of the reasons why Klein didn’t suffer too much damage
this time.
Without Winner Enuni, he was unable to see the mutated strange door of
light. This reduced the continuous assault on his senses.
After two seconds, Klein entered the fog of history, took four steps
counterclockwise, and went above the gray fog.
Looking at the faint dark glow rising from his body and melting away,
Klein finally heaved a sigh of relief and gave a self-deprecating laugh.
I nearly corrupted and corroded myself…
In the future, I’ll use Rosago and the other Beyonders of the Seer pathway
to do additional experiments: If there’s no direct assault, I need to confirm
if there will be a reverse corruption from Sefirah Castle’s projection with
the increase in observation time…
…
The Southern Continent, East Balam, Faoltec City that was under attack.
Under the illumination of the crimson moon, the Loen soldiers hiding
behind a simple shelter took turns to rest to recover their energy.
Their faces were black and covered with traces of gunpowder. Occasionally,
someone would wake up and take out some dried tobacco leaves and
casually roll it. Then, they would use the remaining matchstick to light it up
and bring it to their mouths to suck deeply at it. In turn, their eyes exuded
mostly numbness and blankness.
When the soldiers guarding this line of defense smelled the tobacco, they
instinctively sniffed and looked over.
“Do you still have any more tobacco leaves?” a soldier with a rifle asked
his companion in a low voice.
His comrade shook his head.
“I’ve already finished smoking it.”
“I don’t know when the next batch will arrive… I’m going crazy without
the tobacco!” The soldier who first spoke gestured outside the shelter with
his chin. “Do you see that? There are so many corpses, so many hands and
feet. They all belonged to living people.”
Before the sun set, the Resistance had launched a fierce attack by feverishly
storming the various defensive lines at Faoltec City. Their disregard for
their own lives frightened the Loen soldiers and servant-army who had been
guarding the city. They almost had victory at hand, but ultimately failed to
break through the critical line of defense. They left behind copious numbers
of corpses before receding like the tide.
His comrade fell silent for a moment before saying, “Maybe tomorrow or
the day after tomorrow, we will be joining them.”
Having said that, he looked up at the crimson moon and said in a dreamy
voice, “I wonder how Backlund is. I haven’t received a letter from home in
a long while… I wonder if they have enough food, or if they can find a
doctor when they are sick…”
The soldier who had wanted to smoke was about to curse at the damn war
and the damned enemy when his eyes suddenly widened. Trembling, he
raised his right hand and pointed ahead.
“Th-they… They’re alive…”
One by one, the soldiers looked over and saw that under the crimson moon,
the dismembered corpses that the Resistance had left behind were
beginning to crawl up one by one, swaying as they tried to approach the
defense line.
In the distance, a mysterious hooded person in black robe with embroidered
crimson patterns stood behind the Resistance and spread out his arms
slightly.
The spirituality of the entire battlefield was rapidly being nourished.