Chapter 1193

Heading East
Dark Angel Sasrir might very well be the negative personality that’s
expelled from the ancient sun god… Mr. Door was once the most powerful
King of Angels… The Abraham family also possesses at least two Grade 0
Sealed Artifacts that’s at the level of an angel of the Apprentice pathway…
The underlying rules of this world are chaos and madness… Pieces of
mysticism knowledge resonated in Cattleya’s mind, causing her to feel
weighed down in addition to her shock.
If it wasn’t for the Tarot Club, Mr. Fool’s protection, and The World
Gehrman Sparrow’s help, she believed that it wouldn’t be easy for her to
obtain such knowledge. She definitely had to take a tremendous risk in
exchange. If she wasn’t careful, she would attract the attention of certain
high-level existences, or be embroiled in madness and pain.
“Thank you for your advance payment. This will greatly help me digest the
potion.” Cattleya opened her eyes and thanked him sincerely.
According to her original plan, she believed that she would be able to gain
some mysticism knowledge after meeting Queen Mystic. With Gehrman
Sparrow’s current advance payment, her Mysticologist potion would most
likely be completely digested. Unfortunately, a few days before she arrived
in Backlund, Queen Mystic Bernadette had left the city to trace a lead. This
left Cattleya extremely disappointed.
Upon hearing Ma’am Hermit’s words, Klein, who was pretending to be The
World, laughed hoarsely.
“A price is exacted for what’s bestowed.”
As his voice echoed, he nodded at the two ladies—Justice and The
Magician—indicating that he was also directing those words at them.
After the private gathering ended and the members left Sefirah Castle one
by one, Klein stood up and walked back to the seat of honor from the
bottom end of the long, mottled table, to the seat belonging to The Fool.
He leaned back into his chair and propped his elbow on the armrest as the
void beside him rippled and formed halos.
These were prayer lights that came from puppets controlled by a historical
projection that Klein had summoned. They had existed before the gathering,
but the corresponding area had been hidden from the rest, so no one could
sense it. It was only now restored to normal.
He cast his gaze at the rippling light and expanded his vision into the
distance.
In the real world, a dark mountain stood erect. There was a mountain hole at
the mountainside that extended downwards.
This was once a place that hid many humans who had survived the
Cataclysm, but they were later turned into Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar’s
marionettes.
During this period of time, Klein kept tracing the clues and found three
spots where the Dark Demonic Wolff had hidden “Himself.” However,
Klein didn’t gain much from them.
The reason was simple. Just like now, there was a rock in the cave. On it sat
a young man wearing a classic black robe, a pointed hat, a broad forehead,
and a thin face—Amon.
This Angel of Time seemed to sense the gaze from Sefirah Castle as “He”
raised “His” head and adjusted “His” crystal monocle. The corners of “His”
mouth curled up slightly.
“…” Klein retracted his gaze, his facial muscles twitching slightly as he
muttered, “What a haunting presence… It’s not like this fellow doesn’t
understand the Dark Demonic Wolf’s past. Is there a need for him to
destroy all the clues I need? Furthermore, ‘He’ only comes slightly earlier
than me every single time…”
If it wasn’t because he wasn’t Amon’s match, he really wanted to hang
“Him” up and beat “Him.”
Phew… Klein exhaled and immediately returned to the real world.
He wore a black top hat and carried a dim yellow lantern. He dispelled his
maintaining of the historical projection and, without looking back, he left
the mountain and ventured deep into the silent wilderness.
There was no hesitation in his footsteps, as he had already obtained detailed
information about the Dark Demonic Wolf, Kotar, from the Evernight
Goddess. He was well aware of the character, styles, and habits of the God
of Wishes.
The reason why he was still searching for the Dark Demonic Wolf’s past
was mainly because he wanted to verify the information. After all, the East
Continent had been in the Forsaken Land of the Gods for more than two
thousand years. The Dark Demonic Wolf had escaped the Evernight
Goddess’s attention for a sufficiently long period of time, so it was very
likely that some abnormalities and changes in character would occur. If he
made a plan following the intelligence provided by the Evernight Goddess,
there was a small chance that he would make the mistake of launching a
surgical strike using an outdated map.
Under the tremendous pressure from the True Creator and Amon, the
chances of the Dark Demonic Wolf transforming isn’t low… Perhaps it has
even turned abnormal or half-mad because of the excess stress… Klein
couldn’t help but lampoon inwardly.
The words “Dark Demonic Wolf” could actually be switched to “Klein
Moretti” or “Zhou Mingrui” ad verbatim. It just needed to be said in future
tense.
The other reason for his persistence in pursuing the Dark Demonic Wolf’s
past was that he was trying to fool Amon, making it difficult for “Him” to
guess that he had already grasped the key information.
Of course, this might not be able to deceive the God of Deceit. His main
goal was to obtain a victory of the mind, so as to adjust his mental state that
was overly stressed. This allowed him to reduce the frequency at which he
sought Miss Justice’s treatment.
Well, from the looks of it, the Dark Demonic Wolf still maintains its clarity
and rationality in the late Second Epoch. It wasn’t as violent as when it first
fused with other Beyonder characteristics, bloodthirsty, crazy… “His” most
important personality appears to not have changed; ever so suspicious. “He”
doesn’t even trust “His” own marionettes. Once “He” decides to migrate,
“He” would leave all the marionettes that “He” had before and sever all
connections… Also, the Dark Demonic Wolf seems to have migrated from
the east over here… As he thought about it, Klein came to an abrupt stop.
Under the darkness that was void of stars and the crimson moon, he cast his
gaze in a particular direction by relying on his spiritual intuition.
His expression gradually turned solemn as he raised his right hand and
pressed on his silk top hat.
Then, he adjusted the direction he was heading in and walked towards
where his eyes were trained at.
That was the east.
In the endless darkness, the lantern in his hand cast a lonely shadow. His
trench coat was almost the same color as the distant night as his footsteps
quickened.
…
Backlund, Empress Borough, inside the Hall family’s luxurious mansion.
Audrey sat in front of the dressing table and began to seriously consider
how to release the “bait” in a seemingly reasonable fashion.
During this process, she suddenly thought of something.
That was that, if she wanted to go near a Beyonder gathering and monitor
the thoughts of the participants, there was a lack of quick and efficient
methods.
As a Sequence 4 demigod, she neither could fly nor “Teleport.” She also
couldn’t use the flames to “jump” secretly. It would be fine if it was late at
night, but if she wanted to use dreams as a springboard, she could only rely
on her feet during the day and evening.
Oh… Actually, my speed isn’t slow, but if I were to run faster than a steam
train, I would definitely attract attention… There are so many powerhouses
in Backlund, so there’s no lack of existences that can see through my
“Psychological Invisibility”… Similarly, in my dragon form, I can fly, but
that’s just too eye-catching… Currently, I can only let my consciousness
and Spirit Body enter the sea of collective subconscious, while I’m unable
to bring my body in… As she pondered about the matter, Audrey could only
consider purchasing Sealed Artifacts or mystical items that had “Traveling”
powers while deciding to travel through dreams if there were dreams.
Otherwise, she could only rely on walking, carriages, or the metro.
What a simple demigod… Hmm, it’s no wonder the full name is half-
human, half-god. Those terrifying Beyonder powers are the godly side of
things, while these are the human side of things… Audrey gave a self-
deprecating laugh and reined in her thoughts.
…
Backlund, Hillston Borough.
Sitting beside the fireplace, Fors opened a book that was propped on her
thigh as a platform for her to write.
Holding a pen in her hand, she stared at the horizontal lines on the paper
and the tarot cards that were scattered on the ground for a long time.
“What’s wrong? You don’t want to lie to your teacher? No, everything you
write will be the truth… You don’t want to set up your teacher?” Xio
walked over, crouched down, and looked up into Fors’s eyes.
Fors shook her head.
“No, it’s not because of this.
“I do feel a little guilty, but I know that this is a good thing for the Abraham
family.
“I’m just hesitating. I keep feeling that our destinies will change after
writing this letter.”
“Ah?” Xio was a little stunned when she heard that. She didn’t quite
understand what her good friend meant.
Fors let out a sigh and said, “The battles from the past and now were
actually not that dangerous for us. We had the ability to avoid it and obtain
the corresponding resources to continue our peaceful lives. Therefore, my
feelings for them don’t run deep.
“We’re like people standing beside a torrent. We could have watched
everything go by safely, but after writing this letter, we might perhaps be
swept into the torrent.”
Xio listened quietly. She opened her mouth and pursed her lips.
“If not for this, do you think we can avoid the torrent of fate?”
As she spoke, she picked up a tarot card from the ground.
The surface of the card depicted an angel blowing a trumpet and the
deceased.
Judgment card.
Fors looked at the deck of tarot cards for a while before closing her eyes.
She pulled her hair back and smiled.
“I understand.
“This is an inevitable destiny.”
After praying to Mr. Fool and after obtaining The Magician card, it was an
unavoidable destiny.
The fountain pen in Fors’s hand finally landed on the letter.
…
Pritz Harbor.
Dorian Gray Abraham, who had long left the fishermen’s association and
changed his identity, tore open the letter sent by his student.
As he quickly browsed through it, his expression went from shock, joy, and
confusion to horror.
Bang!
Dorian threw away the letter in his hand and knocked down the table in
front of him. It was like a monster hiding on that piece of paper with a
curse.
He retreated to another corner, pulled open the drawer, and took out some
items. Then, he rushed to the door and prepared to leave.
When his right hand touched the brass doorknob, Dorian’s actions suddenly
slowed down and finally stopped.
He slowly turned around and cast his gaze at the letter on the ground. There
was a complicated look in his eyes.
After a few seconds, Dorian Gray Abraham slowly walked towards the
letter. He walked with hesitation, feeling the dilemma and struggles, but he
didn’t stop. It was as if he had been seduced by the devil.