Chapter 1057

: The Extraordinary and the
Ordinary
After dealing with the mutated glass bottle, Klein took out his golden
pocket watch, opened it, took a look, and took note of the time.
He had to return three hours later and separate the Unshadowed Crucifix
from the Bottle of Slavery. Only then could he obtain a single
Manipulator’s Beyonder characteristic, and not a product that was mixed
with the previous Sequences’ Beyonder characteristics.
It feels like I’m doing an experiment… Klein nodded slightly, put away his
pocket watch, and returned to the real world where he had his actual
afternoon nap.
At four in the afternoon, his valet, Enuni, knocked on his employer’s door
under Butler Walter’s watch.
“What’s the matter?” In his pajamas, Dwayne Dantes rubbed his forehead
and opened the bedroom door.
Enuni bowed and said, “Sir, you accepted Madam Riana’s invitation for
high tea the night before. It’s today.”
Klein looked at Butler Walter and said, “Alright, give me fifteen minutes to
prepare.”
Then he instructed his valet, Enuni, “Come in and help me change my
clothes.”
When only he and his marionette were left in the room, he controlled the
latter to bring out clothes suitable for high tea, taking glances at the wall
clock from time to time.
After about ten minutes, after tying his bow tie and putting on his coat, he
took four steps counterclockwise and headed above the gray fog.
At that moment, three hours had passed since he last entered.
Placed at the end of the long bronze table, the mutated glass bottle which
had been firmly bound to the Unshadowed Crucifix with the gray fog’s
power no longer had the twinkling mesh, looking as though it went from
being a piece of art to a common item on the street.
At the bottom of the glass bottle was a large amount of grayish-white matter
that had been purged. It flowed freely, forming a heart-shaped object the
size of a child’s fist. Not only were there wrinkles on it, but there were also
cracks that resembled eyes. As for the complicated, three-dimensional,
illusory patterns, labels, and symbols that extended into the void, they were
nearly identical to Hvin Rambis’s Beyonder characteristic that Klein had
seen from before.
It’s just a little different… Klein released the gray fog’s suppression and
took out the Unshadowed Crucifix from the bottle mouth.
With this step, the item that was purged out was completely separated from
the mutated glass bottle, becoming complete and independent.
Klein reached out his left hand to pick up the item that resembled both a
heart and a brain, and after examining it for a few seconds, he threw it into
the junk pile and allowed the gray fog to envelop it.
At this moment, a weak voice sounded from the mutated glass bottle.
You… devil…”
Klein didn’t respond as he thrust the Unshadowed Crucifix back in with his
right hand, using the power of the gray fog to press down on it.
And with that, the ancient palace returned to its tranquil state.
After returning to the real world, Klein put on his top hat, held his cane, and
left 160 Boklund Street on his carriage. He headed for Member of
Parliament Macht’s residence at Unit 39.
Inside an elegant activity room at Member of Parliament Macht’s house, a
few guests sat around an intricate threetiered tray. In front of them was a
cup of charming black tea.
Klein took a small cucumber sandwich and took a small bite. Half-jokingly,
he shared his true feelings:
“The desserts today seem very unique. Be it the carrot cake or cream puffs.”
Macht laughed when he heard that.
“Dwayne, your observation skills are truly impeccable.”
This has nothing to do with one’s observation skills. As long as one isn’t
blind, it’s impossible not to tell that the shapes are all banged up… he
lampooned silently before saying, “It sounds like something remarkable.”
“Of course, it’s personally made by Hazel. You can try it later. Although she
can’t control its appearance effectively, it really does taste good,” Macht
said proudly.
By the side, Portland Moment, who was the Backlund University of
Technology’s chancellor, laughed and said, “This doesn’t sound like the
Hazel I know.”
Macht glanced at Ma’am Riana and said in satisfaction, “Everyone grows
up, right?
“Hazel has really matured recently. Not only is she willing to learn those
classes in preparation for socializing and marriage that she used to hate, and
occasionally makes desserts and plays music for us, but she’ll also
frequently offer to accompany her mother to attend musicals, horse racing
matches, shop at the departmental store, and listen silently by the side at all
kinds of saloons and balls.”
According to Miss Justice, Hazel’s treatment progress has reached a point
where she can recall the terrible shock and pain she had suffered. Although
it’s just a direct sense of the emotions and doesn’t involve the exact
sequence of events, it’s enough to make her dream of losing her parents and
relatives… This made her learn to cherish her family. For this, she has
decided to change herself to a certain extent? Klein nodded in thought and
said with a smile, “That’s excellent.”
“Indeed,” Macht replied while full of emotion, “I was worried about her
personality, worried that she wouldn’t have a good marriage and be unable
to date people in our circle. After we pass away, she wouldn’t be able to
find help when faced with difficulties. But now, I can finally feel at ease.”
Macht revealed a sincere smile as he revealed his worries that he seldom
divulged.
He raised his arm and waved it gently. Then he said with great confidence,
“Why am I making an enemy out of the bloody smog and pollution? Why
do we have to fight over the colonies in East Balam with Feysac and the
West Balam with Intis? Isn’t it to let our children lead a better life? So that
we have fewer worries?
“To me, Hazel’s maturity is greater than the contributions I made at East
Balam, far more meaningful than my fights in the House of Commons.”
As Klein listened to Macht’s recount, he couldn’t help but look out the
window.
It was dark outside and the sun was gone.
At this moment, Portland Moment replied to Macht jokingly, “No, those
things are for our own good.”
At this point, he looked at Klein and said, “Dwayne, have you thought
about it? Do you want to invest in my mechanical laboratory?”
Klein let out a soft chuckle.
“Mr. Chancellor, why are you still so anxious like a young man?
“I’ve already read through the information you gave me and have a rough
impression of the rights and revenue. Frankly speaking, I’m very interested.
To let talented young adults obtain training at such a mechanical laboratory
is greatly satisfying. This should be something we invest in. What’s most
valuable in this day and age? Talents!”
“Emperor Roselle once said that.” Portland Moment chuckled. “So, how
much do you intend to invest?”
Dwayne raised his porcelain cup and drank a mouthful of black tea.
“The initial plan is 10,000 pounds.”
“As expected of the most famous tycoon in Backlund recently. I can’t even
guess how many assets you have. First, you donated more than ten thousand
pounds of shares, then you spent 20,000 pounds buying Maygur Manor, and
now you’re donating 10,000 pounds to the Portland mechanical
laboratory…” Ma’am Riana couldn’t help but exclaim.
Portland Moment gave a thumbs up.
“This is a truly keen investor.”
Klein smiled and said, “But I’ll still find a team formed by lawyers and
accountants to verify the actual situation and stipulate the conditions.
Professional matters should be left to the professionals. Besides, I still have
to consider investing directly or first establish a company or foundation and
complete the investment through it. Oh, Portland, I think there’s one aspect
that you didn’t take into consideration. How can such an important
laboratory not have any security measures!? Aren’t you afraid of
commercial spies or foreign powers infiltrating and causing destruction?”
Portland Moment was taken aback as he slowly nodded.
“That makes sense… I previously neglected this problem.”
Having accomplished his goal, Klein no longer harped on the topic. Instead,
he deliberately asked, “Has there been news regarding Brigadier General
Qonas Kilgor?”
Macht sighed and said, “No, Sivellaus Yard said that Maygur Manor and the
surrounding areas have been searched. They didn’t even find any leads.”
As he spoke, the House of Commons Member of Parliament lowered his
voice and said, “I suspect that the Brigadier General had an accident while
carrying out a secret mission. The current mood of the higher-ups has been
a little strange…”
From a certain point of view, you guessed right… Klein sighed.
“I hope nothing happens.”
Amidst high tea, Klein took note of the time and went to the bathroom.
Above the gray fog, he placed the Dreamwalker characteristic into the junk
pile that seeped out of the mutated bottle.
By the time high tea ended and he returned to 160 Boklund Street, the sky
had already darkened. The street lamps on both sides of the road were lit up
ahead of time as the rain pattered down the carriage windows.
Now, all the questions are concentrated on what’s hidden in the Blood
Emperor’s ruins. As long as the three Churches discover the problem in
time, they can prevent many things from happening. Klein looked out at the
street lamps that looked blurry from the rain as he considered the recent
developments. For now, apart from capturing Katarina, I can’t provide
much help. Furthermore, the Goddess is digesting or controlling Death’s
Uniqueness. “She” might not have the power to provide a response at that
level.
To solve this problem, I either get a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact with a targeted
effect from the Holy Cathedral, or I rely on the Church of Steam and
Storms and see which one of the true deities will respond… A Grade 0
Sealed Artifact might not be enough since it involves a King of Angels, and
there might be traitors amidst the two Churches…
Traveling from 39 Boklund Street to Unit 160 didn’t take long. Before
Klein could straighten out his thoughts, he had already returned to his
doorstep. He had no choice but to get off the carriage.
When he changed his clothes on the third floor, his spiritual perception was
triggered. He saw Reinette Tinekerr walk out of the void with four blonde,
red-eyed heads in hand.
“It’s from Sharron?” A guess came to him as he received the letter.
“That’s right…” one of the heads held by Reinette Tinekerr replied.
Without another word, Klein opened the envelope and unfurled the piece of
paper. There was only one line on it: “We’ll take action at 10 tonight.”