Chapter 1259

Slumbering Grounds
In a battlefield near the capital, Lenburg.
The balls of compressed scarlet fireballs flew past the corpses, weapons,
blood, and smoke, under the guidance of a flaming spear. They landed in
the areas that were built with simple construction work, creating a series of
explosions.
As he watched the smoke rise and the flames spread, Anderson flung the
dust in his hands and turned to the deputy beside him with a smile.
“I wonder how much longer this will last… Any last words? I can help you
write a will.”
As he had wished, he saw the angry looks of the “militia” around him. Their
thoughts were uniform.
However, the “militia” didn’t attack. The glint in their eyes slowly settled as
they cast their gaze in another direction.
“You actually didn’t respond to my provocation.” Anderson pricked up his
brows. “This means that you’re planning something.”
Without waiting for the deputy and the “militia” to respond, the Hunter
smiled and continued, “Y’all are planning on surrendering, right? Are you
trying to protect your family and friends?”
Seeing gazes sweep over, Anderson tsked and shook his head.
“You haven’t become Beyonders for long. It’s only through the war that you
obtained the main potion ingredients from the enemy. Only then did you
become Hunters, Provokers, and Pyromaniacs. However, when it comes to
plotting conspiracies, y’all are still too inexperienced.
“I’m very curious. Why don’t you try to convince me to surrender together?
I don’t think I project the image of being very firm usually. Besides, I’m not
a believer of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom.”
Having said that, Anderson looked thoughtfully at his deputy.
“Is it because the enemy’s brass is totally furious at me? They gave the
order not to accept my surrender?”
The deputy remained silent for a few seconds before saying, “Since you
already know, why are you asking?”
With a swoosh, the nearby militia raised their right hands and aimed their
palms at Anderson, appearing to have come to a collective understanding.
“If I don’t ask, how can I be sure what everyone’s thinking?” Anderson said
with a smile without panicking.
He rubbed his stomach with his left hand and placed his right hand into his
pocket. It was unknown what he was looking for.
At that moment, the sun in the sky suddenly expanded and became
extremely huge. The blazing golden sun made Anderson and company
unable to open their eyes. They found it difficult to think any further.
Immediately following that, an illusory tower appeared. Every level was
made up of thick books. Each book had a brass eye on it. The higher one
looked, the darker it became. It was filled with the aura of insanity,
destruction, inauspiciousness, and disaster.
The tower extended into the sky, as though it had encompassed the entire
world within itself, including the gigantic sun.
…
Backlund, within the Odora family’s luxurious villa.
All the Sanguine in the city had gathered here to prepare for the impending
outcome of the war.
Emlyn White, who had become an Earl, had his hands in his pockets. He
stood by the window, bathed in the mixed light of dusk and night as he
watched members of his fellow race discuss the current affairs uneasily.
Suddenly, his spiritual perception was triggered as he cast his gaze out the
window.
In the garden, a bunch of withered grass was dyed green once again. They
rapidly grew and soon, they reached the height of a person.
In other places in the city, some of the streetside trees that had not been
affected by the previous bombardment were wildly absorbing nutrients
from unknown sources. One by one, they rose up and soon grew to tens of
meters tall. The branches were thick and the leaves were like umbrellas.
These towering trees were connected to one another, covering half of the
sky in Backlund.
Many buildings were crushed, or they were entangled by the branches and
vines. It was as if they had been abandoned for more than a century.
In just seven or eight seconds, many places in Backlund had become a
primeval forest.
…
After passing through the open door and entering the dark interior of the
Giant King’s residence, Klein immediately observed the Silver Knight
marionette in front of him, the Staff of the Stars in his right hand and
Creeping Hunger on his left hand.
They didn’t show any abnormalities for the time being. The corresponding
Spirit Body Threads didn’t show any signs of degeneration.
After confirming the situation in this area, Klein cast his gaze around and
observed his surroundings.
The place was enveloped by thick corporeal darkness. They couldn’t see
further than five meters away. The ground was paved with grayish-white
bricks that looked like they were pieces of a frozen sunset. They didn’t
reveal anything extraordinary.
After some thought, the corners of Klein’s mouth curled up. He reached
into the void, grabbed, and attempted to summon an angel.
In the next second, he laughed out loud because he had lost a clear
connection with the fog of history.
This was the reason why the Historical Void projection he had summoned to
enter had lost contact after entering this region.
Laughing, Klein suddenly turned around and walked back to the area from
which he had entered.
“Mr. Wor—Sparrow, what do you want to do?” Derrick, who was also
scrutinizing the various restrictions on him, asked in surprise.
Klein replied with a beaming smile, “Now is not the right time to explore
this place. I plan to come in again later.”
“Are you planning on summoning a Sequence 4 historical projection and try
to see if it will degenerate and betray you after you bring it in?” Colin Iliad
said after some thought.
Klein spread his left palm and said, “No one set the rule that we can’t go
out once we enter, or not being able to enter after leaving.”
Although in such a situation, Mr. World’s words sounded a little strange,
Derrick still felt that it made sense. This was because the City of Silver had
done the same thing when exploring the surrounding areas. Through
repeated acts of “entering” and “exiting,” they gradually accumulated
intelligence and details to finally resolve whatever problems they faced.
Lovia didn’t say a word or object. From her point of view, it was
undoubtedly a good thing that she could make more preparations.
In an exploration that determined the fate of the City of Silver, they
definitely couldn’t be rash.
After taking a few steps back, Klein suddenly stopped and laughed out
loud.
“It looks like the owner doesn’t want us to leave.”
The faint light at the door had already been devoured by the deep darkness
and disappeared.
Colin Iliad surveyed his surroundings and said, “We can only proceed
forward.”
Seeing the Chief and Mr. World turn around at the same time, Derrick took
a deep breath and raised his left hand, letting it emit a golden glow that
illuminated the surrounding darkness.
This revealed thick columns with indiscernible tops. Some of them had
their silhouettes outlined, while others were hidden deep in the depths,
barely visible.
Derrick retracted his gaze, preparing to head forward with Mr. World and
Chief.
At that moment, he failed to see another familiar figure from the corner of
his eye.
Derrick’s pupils dilated suddenly. Then, he quickly turned his head to look
for Elder Lovia, who had been standing beside him moments ago.
This demigod who believed in the True Creator had disappeared! She had
disappeared without a trace!
Derrick’s abnormality was noticed by both Klein and Colin Iliad. At the
same time, they cast their gazes at the spot and saw that the black-robed
Lovia had disappeared without a trace, as though she had evaporated into
thin air.
With the spiritual intuition of a Seer and the reconnoiter abilities of a
Demon Hunter, they failed to realize when Lovia had gone missing, or how
she vanished.
The curl on the corners of Klein’s lips grew even wider. Without any
hesitation, his mind raced and allowed his Spirit Body to enter the world
above the gray fog, combining with the dark red illusion of The Fool.
Right on the heels of that, he cast his gaze towards the crimson star that
symbolized The Sun. He hoped to find clues through his “true vision.”
However, everything was still obscured by the darkness. Nothing was
revealed, just like how Klein predicted before entering the Giant King’s
palace.
Without any time to think further, Klein immediately returned to the real
world.
In the span of three or two seconds, there was only Derrick and the Silver
Knight marionette by his side.
The City of Silver Chief, who was wearing silver armor, had disappeared!
“What just happened?” Klein asked with a warm smile.
Derrick looked at him in shock, confusion, and panic.
“Didn’t you see it?”
The moment he finished speaking, the shadow under Derrick suddenly
came alive. It rapidly extended upwards and enveloped him and the sunlight
he emitted.
After the shadow completely covered Derrick, it fused with the surrounding
darkness, no longer separable.
Klein had originally raised his black staff to prevent an anomaly from
happening, but in the end, he didn’t do anything. All he did was watch with
a smile.
After a few seconds, he noticed that his body had turned black and dull, as
though he was being melted by the environment.
Similarly, Klein didn’t try to save himself. The corners of his mouth curled
up as he watched with a slightly shaking head.
After his figure completely disappeared, his vision changed.
The darkness was gone. The grayish-white stone bricks, the surrounding
walls, and the huge pillars appeared clearly. They were covered in a layer of
faint shadows.
Outside the window, there was no sun, no moon, and no stars. However, a
faint light shone through the window, making the entire palace appear
sinister, dark, and cold.
In the deepest part of the palace stood a very faint shadow, resembling
curtains.
Lovia, Colin Iliad, and Derrick stood at a distance not far away from him.
They carefully observed their surroundings as though they had come to
another world.
“Unfortunately, my marionette can’t enter.” Klein waved the Staff of the
Stars in his hand and smiled at Derrick and company.
His indifferent attitude and the Chief’s calm and composed manner made
Derrick quickly calm down. He no longer allowed his fear and panic to grip
him.
Colin Iliad nodded slightly. Just as he was about to share his speculations,
he suddenly felt something and turned to look at the deepest part of the
palace.
Klein, Derrick, and Lovia did similar actions.
In the deepest depths of the palace, that faint shadow dissipated, revealing a
flight of steps meant for giants and an iron-black throne at the top of it.
Sitting on a throne was a man with black, slightly-curly hair that reached
his shoulders. His eyes were covered in shadows, and his actual appearance
was extremely blurry, preventing others from seeing him clearly. Layers and
layers of black wings fell down from behind him, covering most of his
body. The robe was black with silver threads embroidering it. They formed
complicated patterns and had gorgeous accessories hanging on it.
At that moment, the man had his left elbow on the armrest, holding up one
side of his face with his palm as though he was in a deep sleep.