Chapter 1127

Sefirah Castle
Only after the two burning dark-red fireballs floated over from the Hounds
of Fulgrim and landed in front of him did Klein snap back to his senses. He
felt puzzled and relieved.
Why did they harm themselves to come up with a pair of eyes for me?
There seems to be thick and sticky blood surrounding them…
If this is their trap, I would’ve already stepped into it. To think that I fell
into a daze for a few seconds. This is a fatal mistake for a Bizarro Sorcerer
in battle…
However, no matter who it is, it’s inevitable that they will have similar
reactions when encountering something like this the first time—the
terrifying enemy who they had meticulously planned to deal with had ended
up kneeling down and wagging their tails the moment they see them; this is
like a dream…
This performance is very similar to Arrodes’s. Could the great existence
above the spirit world be able to showcase special traits in the spirit world?
As this thought flashed through his mind, he looked at the two dogs that
were prostrating themselves in the void and wagging their tails. He
stretched out his left hand and grabbed the two dark red flames and large
amounts of thick, dark red blood.
The moment he came into contact with these things, he suddenly heard
familiar ravings and roars. They were sometimes shrill, sometimes dull,
sometimes maniacal, sometimes seductive, sometimes crazy, and
sometimes ethereal.
Immediately following that, an illusory, grayish-white fog appeared in front
of him.
The fog spread out in all directions. Above them, there was a towering and
majestic palace that looked like a god’s residence.
This was a very familiar scene, because every time he entered the
mysterious space above the gray fog, he would pass through it.
In the beginning, it was difficult for him to notice his surroundings after he
took four steps counterclockwise.
However, as he got used to it, and with the advancements of his Sequence,
he was able to easily take the opportunity to observe the phenomenon.
And at that moment, Klein hadn’t chanted the honorific name of “Celestial
Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings” or taken four steps
counterclockwise.
This made him extremely wary. Then, he saw a few figures appear in the
endless gray fog. They overlapped with the gray fog at times while
separating at other times. They were none other than Hounds of Fulgrim
with their eyes burning with dark red flames, and their bodies covered in
short black fur.
The two Hounds of Fulgrim that had lost one eye each returned to their
companions’ side and blended into the dark spots in the gray fog.
The entire phenomenon vanished as well. In the depths of the spirit world,
Klein realized that there were no longer any Hounds of Fulgrim around
him. Only his two marionettes and strange spirit world creatures remained.
Klein lowered his head and looked at the “eyeballs” and blood in his hand.
With their presence, he confirmed that what he had just experienced was not
an illusion.
The Hounds of Fulgrim are also known as Sefirah Castle Keepers… They
live in the Historical Void… I saw them active within the gray fog before
fusing with the dark spots… Combining what he had seen and heard, Klein
gradually came to a bold conclusion:
Perhaps Sefirah Castle is referring to the mysterious space above the gray
fog. It’s referring to that strange door of light”
As for the gray fog, it’s a symbolic object formed from all the history in the
spirit world. There are void gaps present in it…
Every time I enter the mysterious space through the gray fog, I leave certain
traces there, making the Hounds of Fulgrim no longer feel unfamiliar with
me. They see me as the owner of Sefirah Castle, so when they saw me, they
immediately offered me what I needed and shook their tails to gain my
favor?
After a day of planning, asking about the situation, and inviting helpers, I
ended up targeting my own guards?
As he thought of this, he inexplicably felt a sense of absurdity at the
situation. It felt like The Fool above the gray fog was reaching out “His”
hands to fleece someone, only to end up fleecing “Himself.”
Phew… Sefirah Castle… Although this development makes me even more
afraid, in any case, I still have some understanding of the owner of the gray
fog and that mysterious space. The unknown is the most terrifying thing…
After standing silently in the depths of the spirit world for a moment, Klein
slowly exhaled and summoned his two marionettes back.
He planned on waiting for the Bizarro Sorcerer potion to be completely
digested before attempting to seek out relevant knowledge about Sefirah
Castle from Arrodes and other places. When the time came, if anything
were to happen, he could use his advancement to fight it.
East Borough, in a two-bedroom rental apartment.
With her dark eye circles, Fors returned and retrieved the day’s newspaper
and letters in passing.
“How was it?” Xio, who had just returned home for lunch, asked.
Fors covered her mouth and yawned.
“Not bad. The editor I know is very satisfied with my new book’s topic and
writing style. He decided to arrange for its serialization as soon as possible.
“You might not be aware, but the horror stories of Backlund’s hospitals
have been very popular recently. A best-selling author had gained
inspiration from it and is beginning to serialize similar stories. I’m actually
not the first to do so!”
“…This is a good thing.” Xio thought about it and nodded seriously.
This meant that Fors, who had also written the horror stories of Backlund’s
hospitals, wouldn’t attract too much attention. Her new pen name wouldn’t
be tested either.
“I know.” Fors threw the newspaper aside and took out a few letters that
were stuffed in it before quickly flipping through them.
Soon, she found the reply letter from her teacher, Dorian Gray Abraham.
Fors’s expression immediately turned solemn as she quickly tore open the
envelope. She spread open the letter and began reading.
“…Benjamin Abraham is from Intis. He lived in Roselle’s era… Apart from
mysticism knowledge and a small amount of inheritance, he didn’t leave
anything of value behind… Later on, everything was destroyed by the
Aurora Order. I’m unable to provide the corresponding information…”
Mr. Gehrman Sparrow is about to be disappointed… Fors pursed her lips
and pulled off a magic trick, burning the letter in her hand to ashes.
Then, she began writing a reply, asking her teacher if she knew of the secret
ruins of Blood Emperor Alista Tudor.
Klein went above the gray fog and listened to Miss Magician’s prayers. The
trail of clues for Benjamin Abraham have come to an end… It’s all the fault
of those lunatics from the Aurora Order…
At the same time, he learned of the serialization of the horror stories of
Backlund’s hospitals.
After returning to the real world, and just as he was about to head out for a
meal, he suddenly saw Miss Messenger walk out of the void with four
heads in her hand. One of them had a letter in its mouth.
“Who sent it?” asked Klein in puzzlement.
Reinette Tinekerr’s remaining three heads replied, “A…” “Seduced…”
“Idiot…“
Who is that… Klein grew confused as he took the letter and opened it.
“The mastermind behind those matters is George III. His goal is to become
the Black Emperor. Are you interested in stopping this matter?
“Trissy.”
Trissy? This Demoness actually dares to write me a letter. Isn’t she afraid of
being caught by Miss Messenger on the spot? Oh right, Miss Messenger
just said that the sender was a “seduced idiot”… Trissy seduced a man and
got him to help her summon the messenger while she hid far away and
waited for the other party to contact her through a mirror? She’s pretty
smart… Hmm, she really is very persistent in investigating this matter. Isn’t
she afraid that she’ll be killed by either me or George III? That man should
be a Beyonder. It would be quite difficult for an ordinary person to hold a
summoning ritual. After all, it relies on one’s spirit and spirituality… Klein
was first puzzled before he came to a realization.
Immediately following that, he began to wonder why Trissy managed to
guess that George III wanted to become the Black Emperor.
Without sufficient mysticism knowledge, and without knowing the Black
Emperor’s apotheosis ritual or the corresponding history, even a demigod
would find it difficult to guess. It definitely wasn’t as easy as the Red Angel
evil spirit had said!
Could it be that Trissy has other helpers? Or could it be that she has
obtained more power from the Primordial Demoness, including all sorts of
knowledge and secrets? Klein frowned slightly as he felt that there was
something amiss.
If there was a chance, he would definitely get rid of Demoness Trissy.
After thinking for more than ten seconds, he took out a piece of paper and
pen from his pocket and scribbled a reply: “I’m interested, but I don’t know
what you want to do.”
In the Backlund Bridge area, a man in his thirties looked in horror as the
headless woman—no, the four-headed demoness reappeared before him and
dropped a letter.
Are all the messengers in the mysterious world so terrifying? Only about
five minutes after Reinette Tinekerr left did the man catch his breath. He
picked up the letter and opened it to take a look.
During this process, his gaze gradually burned because it meant that he
could meet that beautiful woman again.
According to her instructions, he waited until the evening before he took
out the black sticky lump. He separated them and applied them evenly onto
a mirror.
A few seconds later, the mirror turned dark, as if it was connected to
another world.
In the blink of an eye, the mirror presented a room that was completely
different from the present environment. There was a young girl dressed in a
dark black dress. She was none other than Demoness Trissy.
The man who finished the ritual immediately revealed an infatuated
expression as he subconsciously whispered, “The reply said that he_s
interested.”
The light dimples on the sides of Trissy’s cheeks slowly bloomed, making
the mirror appear brighter.
Her eyebrows relaxed as she said, “I’ll send you a letter. Forward it to
Gehrman Sparrow. You absolutely cannot read its contents.”
After obtaining the man’s unhesitant promise, Trissy stretched out her right
hand and swiped it across the mirror, causing the dark aqueous light to
disappear.
She immediately found pen and paper and deliberated for a few seconds
before quickly writing:
“The secret mausoleums needed for the George Ill’s ritual should be from
Blood Emperor Alista Tudor, and there is an existence who understands it
very well. It might be able to help us successfully infiltrate and cause
damage during the ritual.
“I have a way to contact that existence, but we have to wait until the next
full moon. What you need to do is provide me with some blood, hair, flesh,
or bones from a descendant of the Abraham family.
“Trissy.”