Chapter 733

: The Return
Under a persistent rain, mingled with the thin fog, the rows of street lamps
tried their hardest to shine through the mist. The occasional horse carriage
that proceeded down the streets was a common evening sight in Backlund.
Apart from these, Klein noticed a few gratifying changes while standing
behind the window.
Ring!
A crisp sound echoed in the air as a two-wheeled mechanical device rushed
down the side of the street to the other end of the street. Its frame was black
in color, with some parts revealing grayish-white steel. Under the
illumination of the street lamps and rain, it sparkled with the beauty of
metal.
On this device sat a man dressed in a postman’s uniform. He kept pedaling
with his legs, apparently using a great deal of strength. Behind him was a
wooden box that had been painted in green.
It’s been promoted very well… The white-shirted, black-vested, mature-
looking Klein sighed inwardly when he saw this scene.
In a few hours within his return to Backlund, he noticed many similar
mechanical devices, and they were none other than the bicycles that he had
promoted and invested in!
From the newspapers, Klein knew that the Backlund Bike Company had
done tons of s. It even held a bicycle competition in boroughs like
Cherwood and Backlund Bridge so as to garner the attention of others.
Apart from that, they also actively promoted it to the government
departments such as the postal service and the police departments. The
results were said to be pretty good.
Their pricing strategy had followed Klein’s original suggestion, avoiding
the middle-upper class who often used horse carriages. Instead, they aimed
their target audience at those with weekly salaries of 1 pound 10 soli and
above, such as technical workers, students with a decent family
background, and clerical employees that often needed to travel outside.
Therefore, a bike worth 3 to 5 pounds was affordable for the people in this
demographic if they bit the bullet a little. And at the same time, they could
flaunt it to the masses who had incomes that were lower than them.
The current issue is that Backlund often rains. It’s difficult to hold an
umbrella while riding a bicycle… The next step should be a raincoat. Klein
retracted his gaze, shook his head, and chuckled.
The place he stayed at was a high-end hotel in the Hillston Borough. It cost
him 10 soli a night, making him feel quite the pinch. However, to match his
persona, all he could do was bite the bullet and put up with it.
His idea of Dwayne Dantès was that he was a believer of the Evernight
Goddess and a mysterious tycoon that came from Desi Bay. He had sold his
original land and mines, planning to seek out brand new opportunities in
Backlund. He had a certain level of interest in obtaining an aristocratic title,
but he didn’t have the abundant wealth to do so. He had to first expand his
social circle and begin making some investments.
The benefits of this identity was that it was clearly different from the
characters Klein had previously acted as. It allowed him to very naturally
interact with people from the middle-upper class, especially members of the
military officers club and the Backlund diocese bishops of the Church of the
Evernight Goddess. It made it convenient for Klein to continue his
investigations into the Great Smog of Backlund while gathering intel before
he made detailed plans to steal the Antigonus family’s notebook.
There were obvious disadvantages as well. Such a mysterious tycoon would
definitely catch the notice of the Nighthawks and Mandated Punishers, so
there was a certain level of background checks that he would have to
undergo.
According to Klein’s experience, such an investigation would be done by
the official Beyonder organizations under the premise that nothing
important had happened. It could also be handed over to the police
department, but in summary, not too much effort would be put into it, as it
would be considered a routine check.
Therefore, Klein, who was considered quite an expert at disguises, had
prepared a second layer to his identity as Dwayne Dantès to his designs, so
as to deal with the background inspection.
This second layer to his identity was that Dwayne Dantès was a person who
had adventured in the Southern Continent’s East and West Balam for some
particular reason. He had used a nickname, and he spent more than ten
years in that rather dangerous land filled with opportunity in order to amass
a great deal of wealth.
Since the origin of his wealth wasn’t overboard, he had secretly returned to
Desi Bay, and he forged a new identity. He had planned on beginning a new
life in Backlund and gradually legalize his wealth.
It wasn’t rare to see such people in Loen. Their stories were acceptable and
imaginable for an investigation. For this identity layer, Klein had left some
inconspicuous clues in Conant City so as to indirectly reveal the “truth.”
These clues included but were not limited to the stubs of his scalped tickets
from East Balam to Conant City, habits as a result of living in the Southern
Continent for extended periods of time, as well as his wealth of unknown
origins.
Klein believed that as long as Dwayne Dantès didn’t involve himself in any
serious Beyonder matters, preparations such as this were enough to fool
most routine background inspections.
And if he encountered an extremely dedicated official Beyonder who
investigated it all the way and was even willing to seek the help of
colleagues from the Southern Continent, then Dwayne Dantès had a third
identity layer. It was that he was a cheat who had anti-divination measures
to a certain degree. He disguised himself as a mysterious tycoon and spent
large amounts of money in investments for this final scam.
This identity was enough to get Dwayne Dantès arrested, but the level of
attention placed on him wouldn’t be too great. This allowed Klein to exit
the stage without much trouble.
Compared to my first time in Backlund, the creation of a three-layered
identity shows how I’ve really matured significantly… Klein slowly walked
to the middle of the room as he cast his gaze on a full-body mirror in the
corner.
His reflection had black hair and some strands of gray hair. His eyes were
deep, but his experiences had left indelible marks on his face. He was a
charming middle-aged man with a mature bearing.
The design of Dwayne Dantès’s identity wasn’t difficult for the present
Klein. However, stealing the Antigonus family’s notebook from behind
Saint Samuel Cathedral’s Chanis Gate was practically an impossible task
for any external Beyonder. Even a King of Angels couldn’t guarantee
success.
Of course, unlike other Beyonders, Klein had two advantages. First, he was
once a Nighthawk. He had quite a good understanding of the internal
procedures they followed, and he knew which matters he could exploit.
Therefore, the first solution he eliminated was to become a particular
Nighthawk, infiltrate it, and find a chance to pass through Chanis Gate.
There was a problem that existed in this. Nighthawks weren’t able to
randomly enter Chanis Gate, even for the captains and deacons. Something
had to happen first before they received the corresponding authority.
Furthermore, Chanis Gate had its Keepers inside. Randomly entering or
taking things would result in an attack on him, causing a battle to break out.
Klein didn’t wish for his theft to result in any deaths or injury to the
members of the Church of the Goddess.
After careful consideration, he placed his sights on the Keepers.
These elders were retired Nighthawks who volunteered to enter Chanis
Gate. They were in charge of watching the Sealed Artifacts, and they were
from a different department from the Nighthawks. They entered and exited
using the underground passageway through the cathedral, and they never
interfered with the Nighthawks’ work, nor would they be disturbed by the
Nighthawks.
Perhaps a result of staying behind Chanis Gate for extended periods of time,
these Keepers all had certain traits. They had cold auras and had deadpan
expressions. Their skin was pale, and they resembled monsters from the
deep darkness who were on the border of life and death. Klein believed that
it wasn’t difficult for him to locate his target if he met one.
His initial plan was to rent a place in North Borough near Saint Samuel
Cathedral. He would hire a butler, a valet, a maidservant, a gardener, a chef,
and a carriage driver to have a front as a tycoon. Then, he would often head
to the cathedral to pray piously, participate in Mass, donate money, and
familiarize himself with the bishops and priests.
During this process, he would work hard to find suspected Keepers. He
would choose two or three targets and observe their habits. When the
opportunity arises, he would imprison one of them, change into his
appearance or directly possess him, pass through Chanis Gate, and attempt
to flip through or take the Antigonus family’s notebook away.
This was a very crude plan that was merely a train of thought. It needed to
be perfected according to the intelligence Klein would slowly acquire.
For this matter, Klein’s second advantage was the Tarot Club. He had
assistants that the Church of the Evernight Goddess and the Nighthawks
would never think of. Furthermore, he could consider extending the
recruitment of a Backlund diocese Nighthawk or Keeper into the Gathering.
He could then complete the theft through this traitor, just like how Emperor
Roselle was used to obtain the Antigonus family’s notebook by Zaratul.
I’ve got to frequently head to the cathedral. Only by doing so can I find a
target… Klein faced the mirror as he silently nodded.
It had to be said that he felt conflicted. If a true Nighthawk or Keeper were
to betray the Church to serve Mr. Fool, his first thought was to unleash
divine punishment to get rid of this despicable traitor!
After exhaling, he gave a self-deprecating laugh. He wore his double-
breasted frock coat and hat, walked out the room, and reached the streets.
With an umbrella, he circled to another street. Taking advantage of the
distant street lamp and the drizzle, he suddenly changed back into Sherlock
Moriarty.
Glancing at his wrinkled trousers, Klein stopped a carriage and planned on
heading to Isengard Stanton’s house in Hillston Borough.
Half an hour later, the somewhat ancient and dark building appeared before
Klein’s eyes.
He paid 2 soli for his ride as he walked steadily around the puddles amidst
the drizzle that refracted the yellowish light of dusk before coming to the
famous detective’s doorstep.
Putting away his umbrella, he reached out to ring the doorbell and waited
for a moment before seeing a man with a wide face open the door.
The man had a head of malt-colored hair, grayish-blue eyes, and high
cheekbones. He had the traits of someone from Lenburg or Masin.
Mr. Isengard Stanton’s new assistant? Someone from the Church of the God
of Knowledge and Wisdom? Klein took off his hat and said with a smile,
“Good evening, is Mr. Isengard Stanton home?”
“He is. He just had his dinner after a busy day at work,” the malt-colored
lad replied politely. “May I know who you are?”
Klein chortled and said, “Tell the good detective that a friend of his has
returned from his vacation.”
The young man was taken aback as he blurted out, “Mr. Sherlock
Moriarty?”