Chapter 1383

Stipulated Rules
With the Klein in front of Amon turning into The Fool card, the room
shrank and revealed its original appearance.
It was an iron cigar case that had marks of being corroded slightly. It had
fused with the aura of Sefirah Castle.
Klein’s figure appeared out of nowhere as the entire divine kingdom of The
Fool collapsed. As the magnificent palace reappeared, he grabbed the vessel
that carried The Fool card and Amon’s true body and suddenly closed it.
He didn’t have hopes of using this item to seal Amon, who wielded the
corresponding authority of the Door pathway. All he wanted was to buy
some time and find a chance to throw Amon out of Sefirah Castle and
retrieve the initiative.
But at that moment, Klein, who was wearing a black trench coat, paused.
His other hand took out a crystal monocle from the void with his other hand
and placed it in his right eye.
Behind him, Amon, who was wearing a pointed hat and a classic black
robe, quickly outlined “His” figure. “His” eyes were dark and wild as “He”
laughed.
“What made you think that I didn’t use an avatar?”
Before “He” finished his sentence, Klein’s figure that had been parasitized
rapidly turned thin, turning into a crude paper figurine.
Klein was cautious and hadn’t used his true form either. He relied on a
Paper Figurine Substitute that had Spirit Body Threads “Grafted.”
He knew very well that he would rather give up an opportunity than make
mistakes when fighting Amon. Once he made a mistake, under the
suppression effect of a Bug, it would be very difficult for him to turn the
tables.
With regards to the situation of the prey turning into a paper figurine, Amon
didn’t seem to be surprised. All “He” did was raise “His” hand to touch the
crystal monocle.
At the other end of the grand palace, Klein, who was wearing a top hat and
a trench coat, uncontrollably walked out of The Fool’s automatic
concealment.
He raised his right hand and took out a crystal monocle from the void with
great difficulty, slowly moving it towards his right eye.
During this process, Klein’s expression was filled with resistance and rather
warped, as though he couldn’t control his hand.
The half-crazy Amon smiled leisurely.
“You can use paper figurines to replace you, but so can paper figurines
replace you.
“It being ‘Parasitized’ is equivalent to you being ‘Parasitized.’
“Everything is relative, and all of them have loopholes. No Beyonder power
is uncrackable. They can be used in any suitable situation.”
“He” made use of the relationship of the Paper Figurine Substitute and the
main body to create a bug.
Although Amon looked like “He” was unable to control “His” desire to
speak due to “His” madness, it didn’t stop “Him” from corroding Klein
with “His” full strength. “He” strengthened the “Parasitizing” bit by bit,
making Klein truly wear a monocle and become “Him.”
At that moment, Klein’s body suddenly collapsed. He had taken the
initiative to do so.
He split into countless transparent maggots that swam in all directions.
Among these Worms of Spirit, there were a few Worms of Time with twelve
segments mixed in.
Strictly speaking, Amon’s Worms of Time could forcefully “Parasitize”
very tiny creatures like the Worms of Spirit. However, when Klein split up,
he took the initiative to use his “Fooling” authority to confuse the order of
time. He “Fooled” the few Worms of Time, making them split up only
towards the end. Unable to find the cluster of Worms of Spirit, they lost
their target for “Parasitizing.”
In the next second, the scene in Sefirah Castle changed again. Klein once
again used the Realm of Mysteries powers to create a new divine kingdom
for The Fool.
Amon instantly entered a room.
This place was covered with a thick yellow carpet with a crystal chandelier
hanging from it. There was a door on each wall, and it was unknown where
they led to.
At the same time, there were oil paintings depicting various eyes hanging
from the four walls.
There was no need for any special scrutiny. With just a glance, Amon knew
that the four doors corresponded to different effects. The main purpose was
to delay “His” actions and create enough time for Klein to make subsequent
preparations.
The corners of Mr. Error curled up slightly as “He” cast “His” gaze to the
ground.
“He” extended “His” right fist and stretched out “His” fingers.
An illusory door appeared on the thick yellow carpet.
The door quickly moved for a second before it became fixed in place and
silently opened.
However, with the opening of the illusory door, the doors around the room
began to move strangely. The doors creaked and opened!
Almost at the same time, in the pitch-black wilderness, in a dark tower that
led to the sky, Klein was holding the Magic Wishing Lamp and removing
the effects of “Fooling” on the Trunsoest Brass Book.
The candlewick of the Magic Wishing Lamp lit up as it spewed out a sticky,
pale-gold glow.
These rays of light transformed into a distorted, blurry figure.
Klein didn’t consider making a wish with the Genie to transfer Bernadette’s
wishes onto him and change the ownership of the Magic Wishing Lamp.
This was because there would only be one outcome. He would die on the
spot and return from the fog of history with the Miracle Invoker’s powers.
Normally, this was a good way to escape, especially since Klein could
revive several times.
However, the situation this time was completely different from before.
Once Klein died, it would mean that he had temporarily given up on his
identity as the owner of Sefirah Castle, making this place a paradise for
Amon. “He” could use this sefirah without any obstruction.
Under such circumstances, Amon could completely “Fool” history, interfere
with fate, and suppress Klein’s resurrection, making him truly die.
The ones who were most effective against a Beyonder were definitely
Higher-Sequence Beyonders of the same pathway.
Therefore, Klein’s current plan was to use the status of the Genie to better
use the Trunsoest Brass Book.
If the Genie didn’t exert a certain influence, the rules set by the Trunsoest
Brass Book definitely wouldn’t be biased towards Klein. It would only
restrict all existences other than itself.
As the Genie’s blurry, pale-gold figure took form, the Trunsoest Brass Book
produced the sound of colliding metal and quickly flipped to the second
half of the book that allowed writing.
Without any gap in time, new text appeared on the brass page:
“Theft is prohibited here!”
If Klein had the choice, the most suitable rule would be “Acts of theft are
prohibited here” because the former clause was a law. It couldn’t stop
someone from committing theft ahead of time, and it could only deliver
punishment after the act. Furthermore, punishment for first-time thieves
was inevitably light, something the Amons could withstand. His idea
restricted the possibility of such actions—there was no such thing as theft.
However, there was no way for the Trunsoest Brass Book to make such a
rule right now. One had to wait until the provisions were watertight enough,
and that it had awakened to a certain extent before that was possible.
Previously, the Genie had relied on “His” close connection with the
Trunsoest Brass Book, “His” high status, and all “His” strength before “He”
could enforce similar rules. At this moment, “He” was already drained and
unable to do such things.
At present, all Klein could do was try his best to stall for time so that the
Trunsoest Brass Book could produce a sufficiently strict setup of laws to
target Amon so as to act in concert with his “Fooling” authority.
At this moment, in the room that trapped Amon.
As the illusory door on the ground opened, the four real doors shook and
cracks appeared.
This would bring about many unknown effects.
Suddenly, the sound of a bell rang out from an endless distance away.
At some point in time, Amon had transformed into an ancient, mottled stone
wall clock. On the wall clock, the second hand formed by the Worm of
Time suddenly paused.
Gong!
As the bell reverberated, everything in the room froze strangely, including
the four doors.
The only exception was Amon. “He” had transformed back to “His” pointy-
hatted, classic black-robed look. With a smile, “He” calmly raised “His” left
hand and tightened “His” five fingers.
In the next second, the strange frozen state was broken. The four doors that
were about to open had closed again with a bang, leaving no gaps behind.
Amon’s figure descended and burrowed into the illusory door that wasn’t
closed.
Just as “He” used this method to leave the room, “He” discovered that “He”
had arrived in a pitch-black wilderness. There was a dark tower that seemed
to pierce the sky in the distance.
Inside the tower, the Trunsoest Brass Book in front of Klein had formed a
second rule:
“Deception is prohibited here!”
Although Amon couldn’t see what was happening, it was as though “He”
had sensed something. After all, a high-ranking person who used the rules
of deception as entertainment was undoubtedly able to sense the changes in
the rules. Otherwise, there was no way of accurately finding loopholes.
“He” immediately raised “His” hand and adjusted the monocle stuck in
“His” right eye.
On the surface of the crystal monocle, a blinding, pure white light spewed
out, illuminating the wilderness. There were no longer any concealed
existences here.
This was the “eternal daytime” that “He” had previously given to Klein and
retrieved from Klein’s “main body”!
In such an environment, the dark tower melted inch by inch. Klein floated
in midair with one hand holding the Magic Wishing Lamp, and the other
holding the Staff of the Stars. In front of him was the open Trunsoest Brass
Book.
Amon took the opportunity to stretch out “His” hand that was holding onto
the monocle. From a distance, “He” gripped Klein’s projection to his palm.
Behind him, the shadow that had been dragged out by the “eternal daytime”
seemed to become fainter as it twisted with vitality.
Without a sound, Amon began “Stealing” Klein’s various Beyonder powers.
“He” didn’t deliberately seek out the “Fooling” authority. Instead, “He”
chose to be random to increase the success rate.
However, with a flash of light, what fell into “His” palm was only a simple
paper figurine.
Grafting!
Pa!
The shadow behind Amon’s back was lashed by an invisible whip, and
“He” was completely unharmed.
“He” created an error, letting “His” shadow replace “Him.”
Following that, Amon laughed as “His” voice resounded in Klein’s ears.
“Genie, I can also promise to send you back to the cosmos.
“Look, I wasn’t punished. This means that I’m not swindling you.”