Chapter 1288

Key Intelligence
Although Biles had witnessed Phil’s severed hand, Weber’s hanging, and
Mr. Magician’s palm fused from worms, and also had a certain
understanding of the horrifying anomaly brought about by 0-02, his lacking
level and experience made him unaware of the true horror behind this
matter. He mostly explained it away as a horror tale coming to life.
Therefore, despite feeling afraid, he mustered up his courage and quickly
approached the rectangular table under the watch of the magical Magician
and Grounded Angel. Of course, him being from the Sailor pathway was
partly responsible.
Within two or three steps, Biles had reached a spot where he could touch
the brass book.
Without thinking, he reached out his right palm and grabbed the brass pages
on 0-02 and quickly flipped them.
During this process, the back of Biles’s hand held up the brass page, which
hadn’t completely been filled, to prevent it from being blocked, so as to
allow him, Mr. Magician, and Ma’am Angel to observe the changes on it
and react in advance.
Amidst the flipping sounds, this Sailor saw the line that touching the
Trunsoest Brass Book would result in the death sentence. He was first
alarmed before he was filled with a strong sense of puzzlement about his
current state.
However, this didn’t affect his action of flipping the pages forward. Klein’s
eyes reflected the different brass pages, and each page had different rules.
The projections of these brass pages didn’t appear by making lines
disappear and having new ones substitute them. Instead, they appeared side
by side and gradually increased in number.
In the end, Klein’s eyes reflected a different number of brass pages in them.
They were neatly arranged, one line after another. It was as though he had
split the 0-02 into a single page and placed it on a glass platform to bask in
the sun.
This was a dream divination technique at the angel level, allowing Klein to
reproduce the scenes he had just seen before his very eyes.
With the passage of time, the brass pages in his dark brown eyes began to
spin and pinpoint one of them:
“…The Trunsoest Brass Book originates from a Justiciar Uniqueness that
had been corrupted by the Nation of Disorder…”
It’s exactly as I expected. Since the Trunsoest Brass Book can produce all
the low-level rules, the corresponding content must contain a description of
itself! This is determined by its essence. Unless it completely awakens or
comes alive, and has the sufficient intelligence to know how to selectively
hide it… Just as a thought of joy flashed through Klein’s mind, he saw a
new word in mercury color appear on the unfilled brass page.
This meant that 0-02 had finally diverted a portion of its power from its
vicious cycle. It was preparing to add text as a supplementary explanation
to fix the flaws.
“Leave!” Without any hesitation, Klein shouted.
Biles strictly obeyed the orders of a high-leveled figure, immediately
withdrawing his right hand, turning around, and sprinting out the window.
“Make a move to attack me.” Seeing that the Sailor with dual attributes had
left the city library, Klein suddenly added.
Biles’s heart was filled with puzzlement, but he still raised his right arm and
pulled back his shoulder. He put on a stance that looked like he was about
to throw a punch at Klein.
At this moment, a new article finally took shape:
“With regards to the rules above, the Trunsoest Brass Book and the group of
people it permits have immunity while enforcing the law…”
However, even if this article was successfully published, Biles wouldn’t
suffer any punishment.
Clearly, the Trunsoest Brass Book wouldn’t pursue problems that led to a
vicious cycle or unclear definitions. It was just like how it didn’t pile crimes
on Arrodes after it mended the loopholes in the rules.
By the same logic, Biles, who had truly come into contact with 0-02, didn’t
suffer any contamination from a sefirah. Before the supplementary clauses
were published, Biles was a part of the Belltaine. He couldn’t be damaged
in any sense, so he couldn’t be corrupted. But with the additional clause, he
wouldn’t be “retroactively” punished for his previous actions.
In fact, after Biles left the city library, he had violated the curfew order as
well, but Klein had already noticed a problem. It was that when the
Belltaine citizens pursued foreigners while outside, they weren’t restricted
by the curfew. Therefore, he made Biles attack him in a manner to avoid the
corresponding punishment.
Right on the heels of that, he seized the opportunity while 0-02 was fixing
the loophole to quickly recall the detailed information regarding the
Trunsoest Brass Book.
“…This book possesses a living characteristic, but most of the time, it’s at a
very low level…
“…The first half of the book displays almost all the underlying rules, while
the second half is blank. It needs to be filled in autonomously…
“…Once there are no restrictions, it will naturally set up laws with certain
biases for the surrounding areas and strictly enforce it. During this process,
it will change and correct the rules based on the feedback.
“…As the law gradually becomes stricter, ‘His’ living characteristic will
deepen… Once a law that can interfere with all aspects takes form, the
Trunsoest Brass Book will completely come alive. It will possess true
intelligence, and has the ability to modify the first half of the underlying
rules to a certain extent… The exact extent that it can reach is as follows…
“…If there are contradictions in the laws that can’t be corrected, or if the
pages are all filled without being able to form a sufficiently airtight system
of rules, the Trunsoest Brass Book will produce a new line at the boundary
between the first and second half: ‘All the following rules are ineffective.’
“…After this line takes form, the rules in the second half will disappear and
the pages will return to a blank slate…
“…After the second half is completely blank, the clause ‘All the following
rules are ineffective’ will be erased, and the Trunsoest Brass Book will
repeat its previous actions until there is a set of laws that covers all
aspects…
“…The rules that it creates have to be publicized or informed to the masses
before having them take effect… When there’s no clear rule for a particular
action, whether it’s against the common knowledge of the surrounding
living beings…
“…Trunsoest Brass Book hates distorted and ugly rules. It hates having
loopholes found…”
What a detailed description… There should be a method to seal 0-02 in all
of this… Klein’s thoughts raced as he attempted to find information that he
could use from every line of text.
At this moment, the leader of the ascetics, Arianna, whispered, “Think of a
way to fill the pages behind 0-02, without making it airtight enough.”
That’s right! In that case, the Trunsoest Brass Book will declare that all the
following rules are ineffective. It’ll redo it again. When that happens, its
restrictions on the surroundings will temporarily vanish, allowing us to have
the chance to touch it, take it away, or directly pray to a deity… But, how
should we go about doing this? The Trunsoest Brass Book hates distorted
and ugly rules. It hates having loopholes found… Klein’s heart stirred as he
had an idea.
Without any hesitation, he stretched out his arms, as if he was hugging the
air.
In the next second, inside the building whose dimensions had shrunk to
one-tenth of the original Belltaine City Library, a hall that was covered with
deep-black stone slabs with all kinds of scuffing descended into the real
world.
There were eight black stone pillars erected in the hall, and metal poles
hung from the high dome. At the bottom were candlesticks carved into
different creatures, 41 on the left and 40 on the right.
This was the Tudor-Trunsoest United Empire’s Hall of Consuls that Klein
had seen before. At that time, both consuls were still Sequence 1 Princes of
Abolition of the Black Emperor pathway, so this place was filled with
distortions. It didn’t match the normal circumstances and didn’t have any
rules of aesthetics.
Apart from that, when Klein summoned this historical scene, he also used
his domain’s ability to add the details of the Fourth Epoch which he knew.
It made the order that stemmed from the Black Emperor become more and
more detailed, as though it was corporeal.
Pa!
His wrists were severed as they landed on the ground. Blood spurted out
from the wound, just like an ordinary person.
This was the second time Klein had committed fraud!
The two palms and fresh blood that gushed to the ground quickly separated
into transparent maggots and sticky, nearly shapeless liquid.
As the Worms of Spirit convulsed and died, Klein grimaced due to the pain
as he made numerous worms crawl out from the stump to form new palms.
At the same time, he tried his best to maintain the scene he had created
through multiple summonings, not letting it dissipate.
On the rectangular table, inside the book that had bound brass pages, many
new lines of text appeared:
“…All buildings and structures have to follow the golden ratio and
principles of symmetry…
“…Strange clothes are not permitted…
“…The following crimes have the death penalty…
“…”
The Trunsoest Brass Book flipped through the pages quickly as it targeted
the laws that stemmed from a Black Emperor. The further it went, the faster
the new text appeared. There were no more pauses that lasted nearly a
minute.
Inside the hall, the candlesticks that fell from the ceiling broke and
disappeared. Then, the other parts of the hall experienced various changes,
wiping away the original details of the order one by one.
Finally, the hall could no longer be maintained. It collapsed and returned to
the Historical Void.
At that moment, the Trunsoest Brass Book had already flipped to the last
two pages. It was spread out there without any movement.
With the last page filled with text and no longer able to form a tight system
of rules with what 0-02 had previously set, Klein silently exhaled and
relaxed a little. He felt that his spirituality was almost depleted.
“Let’s wait for an hour at Biles’s house.” He turned his head and said to
Arianna.
If they stayed where they were, they would suffer increasingly severe
punishments from breaking the curfew until they were sentenced to death.
As for monitoring the Trunsoest Brass Book, this mission that couldn’t
allow for mistakes was naturally handed over to Arrodes. Although this
magic mirror couldn’t directly look at 0-02, it could pay attention to the
noticeboard and determine the disappearance progress of the laws on it.