Chapter 989

Mentor Alger
Upon hearing The Moon’s question, the rest of the Tarot Club members
realized that the main instigator for the punishment had ended up with
nothing to do!
According to the established plan, all he needed to do was provide the
name, address, and appearance before waiting for the outcome. Miss
Judgment was in charge of tracking and investigations to figure out the
target’s patterns. Miss Justice and Mr. Star would then choose a suitable
location based on the feedback before Mr. Star threw the Sanguine into an
unconscious state without attracting any attention. Miss Justice would then
take this opportunity to complete a hypnotism act and make the target
proceed to the predetermined location.
In this entire process, there was nothing for The Moon.
Uh… Audrey deliberated and said, “Mr. Moon, what you need to do is to
ensure that the hypnotized Sanguine doesn’t encounter any accidents on the
way to the cathedral, without him struggling or being rescued…”
Upon saying that, Audrey suddenly realized a problem in the plan as she
hurriedly added, “If that Sanguine is extremely resistant towards the Church
of Mother Earth, the hypnotic effects wouldn’t be as effective. Therefore, I
plan on avoiding this point if possible. I will imbue in him the thought of
nabbing some target he hates so that he wouldn’t realize that he’s entering
the intended cathedral during the pursuit. Uh, how about letting you be the
target of his hatred? This will require you to be able to ensure your own
safety while maintaining a distance without being caught.” “…It’s not a
problem,” Emlyn answered after some thought
With Duke Olmer removing the mental corruption of the Sequence 5
Artificial Vampire Beyonder characteristic, Emlyn just needed to wait till a
full moon to become a viscount. That would place him equal to Ernes
Boyar. And this opportunity was available next week. When that happened,
he didn’t believe that he would be caught up to by a viscount just like him
when he was equipped with the Ancestor’s ring
If it really won’t work, I can borrow Miss Magician’s spellbook. I recall
that there are powers in the wind domain… Emlyn was rather confident.
By the side, Leonard felt a baffling sense of horror when he heard the
conversation between Miss Justice and Mr. Moon.
To him, no matter how terrifying a head-on battle was, it was nothing
compared to the horror of doing something that went against his own will
without him realizing it.
He paused for a moment and replied to the second problem that Emlyn had
raised.
“My payment is the same as Miss Judgment. I want a portion of the spoils.”
To Leonard, this entire matter required him to determine the time and
location to pull the target into a dream before he left. He didn’t need to care
if the operation was successful or if any accidents cropped up. It was as
simple as heading to a coffee shop to order a cup of Desi coffee. The only
thing that needed him to take into account was to not expose himself.
Therefore, he couldn’t bring himself to ask for an advanced payment,
planning to obtain a cut from the final spoils of war.
In addition, he believed that this was a necessary thing to do in order to
fully blend in with the Tarot Club. He didn’t need to nitpick on such
matters.
Audrey turned her head and glanced at Xio before retracting her gaze.
Revealing a smile, she said, “My request is the same as Mr. Star and Miss
Judgment. I’ll take a quarter of the spoils of war.”
In fact, she wasn’t insistent on getting payment, because she believed that
the Sanguine had bullied a Tarot Club member and her two friends.
Punishing him was something she expected of herself. The reason why she
took a portion of the spoils of war was to take into account Mr. Moon’s
feelings. She was afraid that her voluntary help would leave the prideful
Sanguine embarrassed and angry.
Furthermore, Mr. Moon doesn’t have any money, so the payment can only
be the spoils of war… Audrey added silently.
Although she didn’t deliberately keep count, based on her ability to take
note of details and the memory of a Spectator, she believed that Mr. Moon,
who had spent 5,000 pounds to purchase the Sequence 5 Artificial Vampire
Beyonder characteristic, wasn’t in the best financial state. Furthermore, he
had to refund the intel fee that he earned.
Four participants, with each obtaining a piece of the spoils of war… That’s
very fair… Emlyn nodded and surveyed the area.
“Any other suggestions?”
Fors asked in disbelief, “It’s that simple?
“That’s a Sanguine equivalent to a Sequence 5. The plan you came up with
sounds like it would succeed very easily…”
In her mind, Sequence 5 Beyonders were the strongest among unaffiliated
Beyonders. Some were even the host of gatherings. Even the powerful
pirate admirals were of that Sequence, but now, in the conversation of The
Star and the others, such a Sequence 5 was to be finished so simply. There
didn’t seem to be any difficulties!
Upon hearing her question, Leonard thought and said, “As long as that
Sanguine doesn’t have any items that resist my powers, even if he’s
equivalent to a Sequence 5, I’ll definitely be able to throw him into an
unconscious state for some time. It will just depend on Miss Justice to grasp
this opportunity.”
“If I arrange the location and make preparations ahead of time, I’ll be fine,”
Audrey replied in a confirmatory tone.
She was actually a little uneasy. After all, this was her first time in battle,
but her confidence over her Beyonder powers and knowledge in
psychological mysticism allowed her to say those words with confidence.
After Fors heard the response, she suddenly felt her mind a little adrift.
Without realizing it, apart from Mr. World, the rest of the Tarot Club
members have the ability to finish off Sequence 5 Beyonders as well…
That’s right. Miss Justice is already a Sequence 6 Hypnotist. With the
cooperation of a Beyonder of the same level, there really is a relatively high
chance of hypnotizing a Sequence 5 Beyonder…
Just as Emlyn felt that this matter had been settled without needing any
more questions to be raised, Alger, who had been observing from the side,
spoke:
“As members of a secret organization, I believe that everything needs to be
considered at a deeper level.”
“Ah?” Emlyn and Leonard cast their gaze at Mr. Hanged Man with a
puzzled look.
Audrey and Xio were taken aback before they realized something
Alger cleared his throat and looked at Derrick.
“Since Delaire Forest’s abandoned ancient castle was a test, why isn’t the
obvious Sanguine a test as well?”
Exactly… I knew that Mr. Hanged Man would’ve given a warning… The
Fool Klein controlled The World Gehrman Sparrow to nod. Cattleya then
looked at The Hanged Man with a look of approval and agreement.
This… Emlyn’s pupils constricted, at a loss for a retort.
In an instant, he found himself too careless!
Leonard was taken aback. Immediately, he realized that he was too
desultory. He had involved himself without fully understanding the details
and without consideration of any latent risks.
Of course, this style had to do with his identity as an official Beyonder and
its thought processes.
As expected of Mr. Hanged Man. He considers all the details with such
meticulousness… Audrey, you need to build up more experience! Audrey
focused on something else as she asked, “So we need to abandon the
punishment and take action when the Sanguine are unable to maintain the
secret surveillance?”
Alger chuckled and said, “There’s no need to. Just a few acts of
misdirection would do.”
He then looked at Emlyn and said, “First, hand the investigation of the
Sanguine to bounty hunters in Backlund. Use their existence to hide Miss
Judgment’s actions. Second, when determining the location, try to do it near
an orthodox deity’s cathedral. This will effectively disrupt any subsequent
divinations. Third, before Miss Justice and the others take action, you have
to do something that leaves one suspicious but is nothing eye-catching.
Make it seem like you will be exacting revenge somewhere else so as to
attract the ‘eyeballs’ of the secret monitor away; thus, creating the desired
opportunity. This is combined with the first point. Fourth, only after the
Sanguine is successfully hypnotized do you become the bait.”
Having said that, Alger paused.
“If there’s the addition of anti-divination and anti-prophecy at the demigod
level, this entire matter will be flawless.
“Of course, Miss Justice, Mr. Star, you must be disguised during the
operation, without leaving behind any traces.”
This speech left most of the members taken aback, especially Derrick. He
couldn’t help show his respect and amazement.
Although he had no means of participating in this punishment operation, as
a member of the Tarot Club, he couldn’t help but be concerned and pensive
about such matters that required a clear line of thought. He hadn’t noticed
any problems with the original plan of Mr. Moon and company, so now, he
couldn’t help but be impressed by Mr. Hanged Man’s ability in such
matters!
Emlyn thought and said, “You mean that I should use a superficial form of
punishment to hide Miss Justice’s and Mr. Star’s secret operation? “It’s
like… It’s like I would make it appear that I’ll take action in a particular
corner of a square after the target leaves a coffee shop, attracting all the
attention, but in actual fact, Miss Justice and company would have already
completed the hypnosis inside the coffee shop without anyone realizing it?”
Alger nodded gently.
“That’s right.”
I learned something new! Mr. Hanged Man really is an experienced
Beyonder! Audrey felt overjoyed receiving an epiphany.
“The problem now is where are we to find an item or charm with anti-
divination and anti-prophecy effects at the demigod level?” Leonard also
felt that he had enriched himself greatly as he asked.
He wasn’t too worried about himself since he had an angel grandpa in him.
Fors made an utterance before saying, “I can lend out Leymano’s Travels.
On it there’s Angel’s Embrace. I can also take one portion of the spoils of
war.”
As she said that, she secretly glanced at The World Gehrman Sparrow,
heaving a sigh of relief when he saw the gentleman silent.
Unbeknownst to her, The Fool Klein had a very simple thought: Angel’s
Embrace… That sounds so much better than Paper Angel…
With the punishment operation finally confirmed, Audrey didn’t hesitate as
she surveyed the area.
“I met the Psychology Alchemists’s councilor, Hvin Rambis, last week.”
What? Hvin Rambis is a councilor of the Psychology Alchemists? Leonard
sat up in surprise. He had the urge to immediately report it to the archbishop
and gather a team to arrest him.
It was an occupation hazard.