Chapter 1277

A Qualitative Change
Upon hearing Mr. Fool’s words, Alger’s heart skipped a beat. He suddenly
felt the feeling he had when praying to the Lord of Storms on Pasu Island.
When he greeted The Fool, he didn’t notice any changes in him. Everything
seemed to be the same as before, but at that moment, he believed that Mr.
Fool was different from before.
This was something at the spiritual level, one that Alger wasn’t able to
describe accurately with words. He only felt that the body that was
enveloped by the grayish-white fog contained a terror that was tens of
thousands of times more terrifying than before. A simple sentence or simple
action could suppress a person’s natural order.
Mr. Fool has awoken further… After The World went to the Forsaken Land
of the Gods and brought out the City of Silver, Mr. Fool went one step
further in “His” awakening… “He” already has the level of a Sequence 0?
If it wasn’t for the fact that the Sailor pathway is sensitive to the level of a
high-ranking person, I wouldn’t have even noticed it… Alger wanted to say
something, but he forgot what he was about to say.
Leonard surveyed the area and saw the other members remain silent. He
probed, “According to the information we have gathered, there was indeed
a battle of gods. The participants that have been confirmed to appear high
above Backlund include the Evernight Goddess, God of Combat, and Earth
Mother. As for the outcome, I believe everyone knows it very well. What
are your thoughts on this?”
During the Tarot Gathering last week, Leonard had already mentioned the
corresponding matter and had taken the initiative to ask Mr. Fool what had
happened.
Unfortunately, Mr. Fool only told him that “He” was recently paying
attention to the Forsaken Land of the Gods, and didn’t give a direct answer.
“I can’t understand why such an outcome would occur. Earth Mother and
the God of Combat should’ve collectively defeated the Evernight Goddess
as a mother-son duo…” Cattleya didn’t conceal her puzzlement.
Alger retracted his thoughts and said after some deliberation, “I received a
report. Just as the war ended, Feynapotter changed sides.”
“This means…” Audrey vaguely grasped something.
At that moment, Derrick mimicked the lady across him and raised his arm.
“I roughly know why.”
“You?” Emlyn uttered a voice of distrust. After all, The Sun had previously
been isolated in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, so his understanding of the
outside world was all thanks to the other members of the Tarot Club. How
could he know more about the details of the battle of gods than everyone
present?
Alger, who knew that The Sun had always been honest, suppressed his
curiosity and excitement from the bottom of his heart as he asked in a deep
voice, “Why?”
Derrick looked around and calmly said, “You have to promise with Mr.
Fool as a witness that you can’t reveal what I’m about to tell you.”
“No problem.” Cattleya took the lead.
After everyone made a promise to The Fool, Derrick nodded.
“Earth Mother isn’t the Giant Queen, Omebella. The real Omebella has
long died. ‘Her’ remains are in the City of Silver.”
This news was like a bomb that landed in the hearts of all the members. It
created a massive upheaval that threatened to destroy their minds.
For a moment, Alger, Audrey, and company were unable to say a word. It
was as though they had been struck by lightning. They were paralyzed in
their positions like stone statues.
After a while, Leonard asked in disbelief, “Are you sure?”
As soon as he said that, he began regretting his question. Since the City of
Silver had the remains of the Giant Queen, Omebella, it meant that the
whole matter was highly credible.
Subconsciously, Audrey, Fors, and Xio cast their gazes at the figure at the
end of the long, mottled table. They discovered that there was a smile in Mr.
Fool’s eyes as he maintained his sitting posture without any changes.
This indirectly means that “He” is in agreement with the information that
Little Sun just provided… Before Audrey answered The Sun’s question, she
nodded indiscernibly and said, “This can explain many things, but if Earth
Mother isn’t the Giant Queen, then why would Angel of Fate Ouroboros
believe that “She” is Omebella?
“Oh, why does the God of Combat want to work with ‘Her’? Who is
‘She’?”
Upon hearing Miss Justice’s series of questions, Alger suddenly felt a little
emotional.
The topic of discussion amongst the Tarot Club had finally raised from
Kings of Angels to true deities!
Previously, although they had stopped the descent of evil gods and had
communicated knowledge of secret histories, they had rarely directly
discussed the true deities. This was a subconscious fear, a deep mark left in
them due to their upbringing in the present world.
And now, the members of the Tarot Club had unknowingly lost the
reverence that came from the depths of their souls.
Cattleya didn’t notice this as she focused on Miss Justice’s questions. She
said thoughtfully, “Perhaps that Earth Mother has always been disguising
herself as Omebella. This has managed to fool the Angel of Fate, as well as
the God of Combat…
“How is that possible…” Xio instinctively muttered.
Fors took a deep breath and said, “What a horror story.”
At that moment, The World, who had been silent all this time, said,
“Nothing is impossible.
“What if this cover-up had the assistance of the Evernight Goddess and
other true deities?”
…A conspiracy that lasted for two to three thousand years… Alger’s eyes
froze as he instinctively shrank back. He had an instinctual fear of the
Evernight Goddess and Earth Mother that stemmed from his soul.
The Tarot Club members fell silent once again until Leonard repeated Miss
Justice’s final question:
“Who exactly is Earth Mother?”
As he spoke, he looked at The World, Klein Moretti, and attempted to get
an answer from his former colleague.
At this moment, they heard a long-awaited knock.
It was Mr. Fool knocking on the table.
Audrey and company perked up as they turned to the end of the long bronze
table, waiting respectfully for Mr. Fool’s answer.
The Fool Klein chuckled and said, “I can give you some hints.”
He looked around and continued, “Why does the Church of Earth Mother
like to turn the Sanguine into believers?
“The Earth and Moon are two neighboring pathways.
“Legend has it that during the Second Epoch, the ancient god, Lilith, who
represented the Moon, died because of the Giant King’s betrayal.
“‘She’ occasionally responds to the Sanguine’s prayers as though ‘She’
hasn’t completely perished.”
After the four prompts, all the Tarot Club members, including The Moon
Emlyn, thought of an answer:
Earth Mother’s true identity is Sanguine Ancestor Lilith!
Emlyn’s eyes widened as he instinctively sat up straight. His mind was a
mess as all sorts of ideas ran through it.
Leonard was first astonished before he muttered in thought, “A few days
ago, the Church of Evernight stopped promoting the title of ‘Lady of
Crimson,’ and changed the prayer sign from the crimson moon to that of
stars…”
As a high-ranking Nighthawk deacon, he was qualified to read the
corresponding documents.
“The Evernight Goddess used the authority of the Moon domain as a
bargaining chip?” Cattleya said the conclusion that lingered in everyone’s
hearts.
At this moment, they no longer had any doubts about the true identity of
Earth Mother.
“Thank you for your hints.” Audrey immediately bowed to Mr. Fool.
After the others expressed their gratitude, they looked at The Moon Emlyn,
who was still looking stupefied.
Mother Goddess is the Ancestor… The Ancestor is Mother Goddess… So
I’ve never changed my faith… It’s no wonder I still continue going to the
Harvest Church even without Father’s corresponding psychological cues…
That’s because my intuition told me that the Mother Goddess is the
Ancestor! Therefore, the Ancestor has favored me and made me the savior
of the Sanguine… Thoughts flashed through Emlyn’s mind as he found a
reasonable explanation for the guilt he had previously felt.
He began to believe that he was the most devoted Sanguine!
Glancing at the “Earl,” Fors smiled with interest.
“Mr. Moon, perhaps you might become the archbishop of the Church of
Earth Mother after some time. No, it should be the sole Sanguine
representative of the Church of the Earth Mother.”
This writer immediately came up with a nickname.
“Why?” Emlyn asked in puzzlement.
He believed that the Ancestor would allow the Sanguine to maintain their
former state and not merge with the Church of Earth Mother directly.
Leonard smiled and said, “Since the Evernight Goddess doesn’t have the
title of ‘Lady of Crimson,’ Earth Mother will soon have a similar honorific
name. It’s impossible to fool the other Churches.”
Emlyn roughly understood what the upper echelons of the Church of
Evernight were thinking. He nodded slightly and began imagining a series
of scenes.
His kinsmen, who had previously mocked him for believing in Earth
Mother, would queue up in front of him and accept his baptism.
With this in mind, Emlyn’s mood turned extremely happy as he couldn’t
help but raise his chin.
After the exchange, the members of the Tarot Club fell silent for a moment,
not knowing what to say.
A few seconds later, Alger broke the silence and calmly said, “Most of our
members are demigods, so the time it will take to advance will lengthen.
Furthermore, we have our own factions. We might need a few years before
having a single chance of obtaining Beyonder characteristics, potion
formulas, and Sealed Artifacts. The focus of the gathering now might
switch to exchanging information and engaging in secret cooperation.”
Audrey, Cattleya, Leonard, and company nodded in agreement.
At this moment, The Fool Klein surveyed the area and chuckled.
“With the matter regarding the Forsaken Land of the Gods over, my
condition has recovered quite a bit. You can exchange items of higher levels
from me.”
He pretended to be calm as he revealed the “truth” that he was recovering.
This was an answer that every member of the Tarot Club had long guessed.
Just as Audrey and company were guessing which level Mr. Fool had
awakened to, Klein smiled and added, “Those items of higher levels
include:
“The Sea God’s identity, level, and strength.”