Chapter 931

: New Method to Acquiring Intel
Glancing at Danitz’s expression, Anderson continued as though he didn’t
notice a thing.
“However, their brains appear to have been eaten by zombies. They were
fervent to the point of stupidity. They didn’t adhere to my sense of
aesthetics. So after cheating them of their things, I quit.
“Eh, why’s your face a little pale. You’re even sweating. Did you get
heatstroke? As a hunter, shouldn’t adapting to the environment be an
intrinsic ability?”
Danitz lifted his right hand and wiped his sweat. Cursing inwardly, he
forced a smile and said, “I’ve heard that once someone believes in an evil
god, it’s almost impossible to escape the faith.”
As he spoke, he raised his chin slightly, wearing a look as though he was
musing over the circumstances of his future death. It didn’t cross his mind
that Gehrman Sparrow had just offended the Aurora Order and was being
targeted by the True Creator’s believers. He also didn’t make the connection
that he was believing in a suspected evil god, The Fool.
“Well said,” Anderson replied with a smile that didn’t have the slightest hint
of gloom. “It’s not like I have any true faith. Back then, the incantations I
said were lines I modified from the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. Since
they don’t really enjoy using their brains, no—they don’t even have that. As
long as you superficially appear devout, any random excuse can be used to
fool them.”
Without waiting for Danitz to develop the discussion further, he asked,
“Why are you suddenly asking about the Aurora Order?”
Danitz bit down on his roasted meat and slowly chewed and swallowed.
After a deliberate pause of twenty to thirty seconds, he said, “I just recalled
something. For some reason, Gehrman Sparrow has been identified by the
Aurora Order as a high-priority elimination target. Oh right, there’s also the
Numinous Episcopate. And both you and me are known to have relations
with him.”
“You want me to be careful against the Aurora Order and the Numinous
Episcopate?” Anderson nodded in enlightenment as he chuckled. “You’ve
recently mentioned something similar. Rose School of Thought, Church of
Storms, Loen military… Man, at times, I even feel that Gehrman Sparrow is
more suited to being a hunter than me.”
Danitz could hardly retort as he nodded heavily in agreement.
Anderson thought for a moment when he suddenly changed topics out of
the blue:
“What do you plan on doing here in West Balam? Helping Gehrman
Sparrow with something?”
Upon hearing this question, Danitz fell silent for a second. He put down the
item in his hand and tidied his clothes in an unhurried manner.
“Investigate the faith of the different classes of West Balam.”
This was determined after his discussion with Vice Admiral Iceberg
Edwina. In common parlance, it meant: Investigating the developments of
the various secret organizations and factions in West Balam.
Of course, this included some preliminary contact with the local ruling
forces, and to figure out if they had any desire to purchase firearms.
“Investigate the faith of the different classes of West Balam…” Anderson
repeated Danitz’s words as he reflectively raised his right hand to rub his
temples as though he had a headache.
After the end of the Tarot Gathering, and warning Admiral of Stars to take
note of the Aurora Order’s and Numinous Episcopate’s “investigations,”
with the best choice being seeking the Moses Ascetic Order’s help, Klein
busily finished the three-party transaction between The World, The Moon,
and The Sun. He received 5,000 pounds in return.
After dinner, he bit on an unlit disguised smoke pipe as he read the papers.
Then, he saw Miss Messenger walk out of the void to deliver him a letter.
Leonard’s… Klein reached out to receive it and noticed that Reinette
Tinekerr didn’t stay at all. She had rapidly returned to the spirit world.
This also made him determine that Leonard Mitchell had already paid the
mailing fee; hence, he took out his other hand and unfolded the letter.
“Ince Zangwill has appeared in East Balam. He’s suspected to have met
with Palenque Taciblius from the Numinous Episcopate’s Artificial Death
faction…”
Ince Zangwill… Klein ruminated over the name as he slowly leaned back
into his reclining chair.
In the letter, Leonard wished that he could do some investigations in secret
to figure out Ince Zangwill’s motives.
But the problem is that 0-08 has the characteristic of “any mention of it will
be known.” Knowing of it also means being known by it. Besides, it’s good
at arranging coincidences, making people follow its directions without even
realizing it… Under such circumstances, it’s very difficult to avoid 0-08’s
notice while investigating Ince Zangwill. Not only is there no chance of
success, it’s also easy to expose myself… As Klein thought, he made Enzo
walk behind him and begin massaging his shoulder.
He read Leonard Mitchell’s letter again, hoping to find more clues and
incisive points for investigations from those few words.
East Balam… Numinous Episcopate… Artificial Death… Palenque
Taciblius… Why is Ince Zangwill looking for them for? Trying to find
allies for the true mastermind behind the Great Smog of Backlund, that
royal family’s faction?
Artificial Death… Artificial Death…
As Klein thought, he suddenly recalled that there was a matter that no one
knew other than himself and Mr. Azik.
The Evernight Goddess had preliminary gained control of the Death
pathway’s Uniqueness—in other words, Artificial Death. Presently, “She”
was usurping, digesting, and wielding the corresponding authority!
In other words, the Numinous Episcopate’s Artificial Death faction’s target
of belief was, in a way, the Evernight Goddess. After the authority was fully
transferred and seized, they were bound to suffer a purge before slowly
merging with the Church of Evernight. Or they might continue their work,
making contact with the other Numinous Episcopate factions and other
secret factions while unnoticeably cooperating with the Nighthawks.
To Klein, this wasn’t anything of importance. What was important was, that
in an ancient text he found before, it mentioned:
To artificially create Death, a number of Numinous Episcopate members
had to pray to the Uniqueness daily, as though it was a true deity. It was an
attempt to slowly awaken its sentience and allow it to come to life.
Of course, this was only one part of the overall plan which wasn’t critical.
Then, could it be possible that when Palenque Taciblius prayed to Artificial
Death, he had mentioned Ince Zangwill’s motives and had sought
blessings?
But he will probably never imagine that Artificial Death has already been
controlled by the Evernight Goddess. Although it hasn’t become part of
“Her” manifestation, it has already lost its “freedom.”
From this angle, directly setting up a ritual to pray to the Goddess might
allow one to obtain Ince Zangwill’s motives… That’s quite possible! The
more Klein thought about it, the more certain he was that his seemingly
ridiculous plan would succeed.
And as for the reason why this could become a reality:
It was because the enemy’s “leader” was their “spy”!
After getting Enzo to stop massaging him, Klein slowly got up and paced
about, considering if he should make the attempt, and if so, how.
Ince Zangwill is a traitor of the Church. He’s an insult to all Nighthawks. If
there’s a chance to wipe him out, the Goddess should be very willing to see
it happen. “She” wouldn’t mind providing some help…
But the Goddess is now in a critical stage of seizing the Artificial Death’s
authority. “She” will not be able to provide answers for a long period of
time, and “She” can only provide feedback to normal ritualistic magic.
Besides, I also lack the corresponding materials…
Also, I’ve been constantly warning myself to be on guard. I must not fully
trust and rely on the Goddess… On second thoughts, directly praying to
“Her” to obtain a revelation might not be too good. I hope to maintain a
safe distance… Amidst his thoughts, Klein felt a little hesitant.
He began letting his thoughts wander in a bid to find a more acceptable
plan.
Suddenly, he had a more ridiculous idea.
Directly pray to Artificial Death!
This actually posed no danger. This was because Artificial Death wasn’t
able to respond to prayers and rituals. If there was any feedback, it meant
that it was essentially controlled by the Evernight Goddess. On the other
hand, Klein had the feather produced and left behind from the Artificial
Death Project. He also had Azik’s copper whistle. He didn’t need to spend
too much time to gather the ingredients needed to set up a ritual for a
revelation!
In addition, there’s a layer in between us. I’m not directly contacting the
Goddess. Perhaps, this might even help “Her” further seize Artificial
Death’s authority. Klein consoled himself as he began busying himself.
He first used the sacrificial and bestowment ritual. He brought back the two
remaining feathers and some Full Moon Essence Oil, night vanilla powder,
and other items which he had not used in a while to the real world. Then, he
modified the sacrificial altar and completed the first part of the
preparations. After all, he was essentially praying to the Evernight Goddess,
he couldn’t be bothered to head out to buy ritualistic materials of the Death
domain.
This was essentially the same as other normal ritualistic magic. With great
familiarity, Klein lit the candles, dripped some essential oils, and drew the
symbols for “human” and “concealment” on an artificial goatskin. Then, in
the thin fog that spread, he pressed Azik’s copper whistle over it.
Immediately after that, he placed the white feather stained with pale yellow
oil stains inside the silver bowl that had burning herbal powder. He then
watched it curl without any signs of it turning black.
After exhaling silently, Klein took a step back and chanted in Hermes:
“You are the essence of death;
“You are the lord of the dead;
“You are the final home to all living beings.
“I pray for your help; I pray for you to tell me the motives for Ince
Zangwill’s contact with the Numinous Episcopate.
II
II
Just as he said those words, the three candlelight burgeoned as though they
brightened significantly but were tainted with a dark green. The
surroundings turned cold and creepy.
Klein closed his eyes and entered Cogitation for thirty seconds, feeling
uneasy. He walked in front of the altar, picked up the Full Moon Essence
Oil and dripped one drop onto each of the three candles.
After doing this, he took away Azik’s copper whistle, grabbed the artificial
goatskin, and moved it close to the candlelight representing “himself.”
When it ignited, he threw it into the silver bowl.
With a whoosh, the white feather which didn’t show any signs of damage
soared with pale-white flames, covering the entire silver bowl and
obstructing Klein’s vision.
About three seconds later, the fire subsided, leaving a mound of powder in
the silver bowl.
The powder moved without the help of any wind, forming one word after
another:
“Possessed by an evil spirit. Requires exorcism.”