Chapter 1245

Help Available Even Without Summoning Help
Boom! Boom! Boom!
The bolts of silver lightning that were as thick as an anaconda struck the
translucent black velvet “curtain.” It shook violently as it distorted.
Taking advantage of this opening, Reinette Tinekerr’s figure, which was
reflected on the castle’s glass, jumped back into Klein’s pocket and returned
to the surface of the gold coin in the iron cigar case.
The prepared Klein raised his right arm and calmly aimed the Staff of the
Stars at the floor tiles in the hall.
A scene surfaced in his mind. It represented one of the Beyonder powers of
a Druid.
The ground beneath his feet instantly softened, turning into a marsh. It
made his body sink like it had fallen into a sea.
Underground Slink!
Boom!
The translucent black velvet “curtain” could no longer withstand the
cleansing from the lightning storm the moment the marsh solidified. It
curled into a ball and fell back into the castle.
No longer restricted, the few thousand thick bolts of lightning rained down
the ancient castle.
A tower collapsed and the hall was left in shambles. One marionette after
another burst into ephemeral illusions under the pricking of such a lightning
strike. They were instantly charred black and reduced to ashes.
When the silver light that illuminated the entire mountain range subsided,
Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar’s castle was in ruins. Many spots were burning
with red flames.
Klein immediately emerged from the bottom of a deep pit and saw that the
demonic wolf, covered in dark and short fur, had performed the same
action.
Relying on the three Druids among “His” marionettes, “He” had
successfully hidden underground to avoid the lightning bombardment.
And at that moment, the independent “kingdom” created by the “curtain”
had completely disintegrated. However, the Dark Demonic Wolf’s wish
hadn’t completely expired. The return of godhood still needed some time.
Without any hesitation, both parties engaged in another intense battle.
Kotar allowed the crinkled “curtain” to fly up and drape “Him,” so as to
prevent the Wraith’s possession. After all, there were only three of “His”
marionettes left. Of course, this way, “He” could no longer swap locations
with his marionettes.
At the same time, Reinette Tinekerr left the gold coin in Klein’s pocket and
floated towards the eight-legged demonic wolf.
“She” had given up on the idea of possession as “Her” arms suddenly
swelled. A few strands of gray hair grew from the back of “Her” hand, and
“Her” nails became long, sharp, and firm.
Werewolf Transformation!
This doll-like baneful entity became a huge werewolf. “She” kept moving
at high speeds, waving “Her” sharp claws as “She” engaged in an intense
battle with the hill-like Dark Demonic Wolf.
Amidst the clashing sounds, Klein was attacked by Kotar’s three remaining
marionettes.
One of them raised his head and roared, causing brown short hair to tear
through his clothes. In an instant, he transformed into a terrifying giant bear
that was twice the height of a person. One crouched down, pressing his
palms against the ground, while the other raised his right hand and yanked
his hair.
At that moment, a crimson flame surged out of Klein’s clothes, instantly
devouring him.
His figure appeared in a sea of flames to the side. Then, he jumped out,
raised his staff, and charged straight at the huge brown bear.
And at the spot where he was originally standing, dark green mutated vines
pierced through the ground and grew wildly, stirring the remnant flames in
the middle.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
The huge brown bear didn’t back down. With heavy strides, it rushed
towards Klein like a high-speed steam locomotive. It spread open its arms,
trying to give him a “passionate” hug that could crush all his bones and
squeeze all his chest muscles together.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
As his black trench coat flailed to his back, Klein didn’t retreat—he was
about to collide with the huge brown bear.
Suddenly, he kicked his left foot and twisted his waist. He forcefully
jumped up and flew past the brown bear diagonally.
Thud!
As the two crossed each other, Klein swung his black staff down and
ruthlessly struck the brown bear’s shoulder.
Normally, such an attack wouldn’t have been able to hurt the thick hide of
the brown bear. However, with the Staff of the Stars, the physical attack
would lead to random abnormal changes or strange effects.
Of course, under the God of Wishes’s suppression, these changes and
effects wouldn’t exceed that of a Sequence 4 Beyonder power.
Thud!
As the sound of the staff’s strike reverberated, the huge brown bear’s
shoulder tore open diagonally from its shoulder. The bottom half of its torso
“teleported” more than ten meters away while the remaining portion
remained in place.
The brown bear’s internal organs and blood gushed to the ground in a rather
shocking scene.
However, the brown bear wasn’t dead yet. Its two halves were squirming as
it struggled to stabilize his center of mass and continued attacking.
As a marionette, he had long died. Such damage was nothing.
At this moment, Klein had already jumped behind the brown bear, his feet
stepping on the ground.
Another wave of scarlet flames surged out, drowning his figure.
A flame that was about to be extinguished rose up as Klein leaped out and
arrived close to the marionette which had both hands on the ground.
With his silk top hat, he ran past the marionette without turning his head as
he swung the staff to the side.
Thud!
The marionette’s body burst into golden flames as his figure instantly
vanished.
A flame surged into the sky as the marionette jumped down. However, the
golden flames didn’t extinguish, quickly burning him to ashes.
Without even looking over, Klein had already rushed in front of the
marionette that was yanking his hair.
The marionette immediately threw out the hair in his hand.
These strands of hair began to burn as they emitted black gases, sounding
alarms to Klein’s spirituality senses.
Poison!
An unknown poison!
With a creak, he forcefully stopped using his ability as a Clown. Using the
inertia of his body, he extended his black staff.
All sorts of thoughts rapidly reformed in his mind, quickly forming a scene.
Before this operation, Klein had requested Miss Justice’s help to hypnotize
him. It made his brain unable to form scenes when he subconsciously
thought of one. There would only be a single thought resonating in his
mind, and he had to take the initiative to control it to construct the scene.
This allowed him to use the Staff of the Stars for a long time without being
affected by the negative effects. As for the flaws of thinking in such a
manner, Klein felt that it was still acceptable under predetermined
conditions.
Without a sound, the gems embedded in the Staff of the Stars lit up. A pure
white and holy pillar of light descended from the sky, enveloping the black
gas and the corresponding marionette.
The poison quickly melted under the Sun’s burning. It was the same with
the marionette.
With a remnant glow still in his eyes, Klein instinctively turned around and
aimed his staff at the brown bear that was split into two.
Silver lightning flashed spontaneously before the separated brown bear’s
body finally collapsed, unable to get up again.
In just a few seconds, Klein had finished off the remaining marionettes of
the Dark Demonic Wolf.
After Sefirah Castle’s anomaly, be it him or the God of Wishes, time
became abnormally precious. No one was willing to stall for time, because
it wouldn’t be long before high-level existences like the True Creator and
Angel of Time Amon in the Forsaken Land of the Gods descended.
Upon seeing this, Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar trembled violently and flung
out the translucent velvet curtain.
The curtain first vanished into thin air before it suddenly appeared behind
Klein. Just as his spirituality was about to send a warning, it covered him
and wrapped him within it!
Klein’s vision immediately darkened as he felt his thoughts turn sluggish.
His Spirit Body Threads were being inoculated onto the “curtain” one
thread at a time.
He attempted using “Flaming Jump,” softening his bones, and using the
Staff of the Stars, but he was unable to succeed in such an abnormal state.
The black velvet curtain became tighter and tighter, revealing the
corresponding marks of his eyes, nose, and mouth, as though it was
squeezing out a brand new “person.”
Reinette Tinekerr immediately “jumped” and appeared on the translucent
“curtain,” purging it from Klein’s body and teleporting elsewhere.
The Dark Demonic Wolf seized the opportunity and raised “His” neck,
letting out a roar.
The “curtain” stood up, as if it had become a cloak draped over an invisible
person’s body.
A terrifying suction force was born, causing the Spirit Body Threads of
Reinette Tinekerr and Klein to uncontrollably float over.
If they didn’t have the corresponding Beyonder powers, their Spirit Body
Threads would’ve merged into the “cloak” in just three to four seconds,
while they would become its marionettes.
Fortunately, Klein was a Marionettist himself. He immediately focused his
attention and controlled his and Miss Messenger’s Spirit Body Threads. He
followed the method that he learned from Zaratul, allowing them to circle
around him and return to their original positions, forming loops.
Roar!
The Dark Demonic Wolf spat out a gas ball, sending it flying towards Klein
like a cannonball.
As he was focused on controlling his and Miss Messenger’s Spirit Body
Threads, Klein could barely duck. Just as he was about to be struck,
Reinette Tinekerr floated over and stood in front of him.
Boom!
Reinette Tinekerr’s blonde hair scattered as the evil vines wrapped around
“Her” body broke apart.
The Dark Demonic Wolf’s follow-up actions were one smooth continuous
series of actions. Taking advantage of the moment when the “curtain” was
desperately pulling at its target’s Spirit Body Threads, “He” launched
repeated attacks on Klein, forcing Reinette Tinekerr to block them. It
caused the tough Ancient Bane to tremble under the attack of “His” claws,
air blobs, and flaming attacks. More and more wounds appeared, making it
look like “She” could not last any longer.
At this critical moment, as Klein controlled the Spirit Body Threads to
resist the attraction of the “curtain,” he reached into his pocket and took out
another iron cigar case.
The seal was removed and the box was opened. Inside, there was also a
gold coin lying quietly. There was also a Wraith on the surface of the gold
coin.
This was a blurry female wraith, a true undying creature, and not a Wraith
from the Mutant pathway.
It was the strongest trump card that Klein had prepared. Previously, because
he was inside the isolated “kingdom” that wasn’t connected to the outside
world. He was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to obtain the desired effect.
Only when the “curtain” targeted him and Miss Messenger did he feel that
the opportunity was here.
As the box was opened, the wraith suddenly jumped onto the surface of a
glass fragment. On it were nearly illusory black tubes that extended into
infinity, connecting to the unknown.
This was the symbol of Artificial Death.
And Artificial Death was equivalent to the Evernight Goddess!
This trump card of his was the reenactment of the time when the Evernight
Goddess had used God of Glory Bladel’s corpse to foil Amon’s attempt to
snatch Sefirah Castle.
For this, he deliberately found a wraith-like monster in the Forsaken Land
of the Gods and imprisoned it, placing it together with the Artificial Death
project’s white feathers he summoned from the fog of history.
Through his repeated experiments and prayers during his specific trips to
Backlund, this Wraith had finally established a certain connection with
Artificial Death, allowing the Evernight Goddess to use this opportunity to
exert a rather low level of influence!