Chapter 1316

An Unknown City
If I keep accumulating it bit by bit, it won’t be long before I can respond to
Moon City’s prayers and cure their deformity, thus creating quite a
miracle… In addition, I’ve also concluded the acting principles of a Miracle
Invoker. It’s only a matter of time before I digest it if I follow them. I might
even finish within the year… Klein retracted his gaze from outside the
window, raised his left arm, and controlled the monster puppet on his hand
to entertain a child across him.
This made him look more like a wandering magician.
If he was willing, he could even use Life’s Cane or the “Grafting” ability to
imbue this sock puppet with living characteristics.
While entertaining the child, Klein’s thoughts scattered as he considered
where the marionette city needed to be “built” for the advancement ritual.
A marionette city needs sufficient interaction to develop a corresponding
region in the spirit world. This means that it isn’t enough to leave it in the
Forsaken Land of the Gods. Ignoring the fact that it’s sealed there, there’s
no way of directly connecting it to the spirit world. All I can do is rely on
the little specialness it has. Even if there’s no problem with it, it’s difficult
to create any interactivity with a place that lacks intelligent life…
If it’s placed in the Northern and Southern Continent or the sea colonies, I
have to be careful. Before the ritual is about to succeed, I definitely can’t
expose the fact that it’s a marionette city. Otherwise, it will be affected,
damaged, or even attacked by Zaratul, Amon, and my other enemies…
Yes, I have to give a sufficiently good reason for a marionette city to
appear. Then, there won’t be any abnormalities with the interaction between
the traveling merchants and the surrounding humans. I have to make every
marionette a living person. They have their past, present, and future. They
follow their own trajectories of fate…
This means that a marionette city is extremely complicated. I need to split
out many Worms of Spirit to deal with it. This also has the risk of losing
control by doing so…
If they are husband and wife, they should act like husband and wife. When
faced with something they are fond of, they should show joy. Perverts
should be hated… This way, foreigners might hear embarrassing sounds
while staying in the marionette city…
I’m still just an innocent child…
This is a large-scale reality show, or rather, a high-end version of “playing
house.” It has to be able to deceive the audience…
As Klein lampooned inwardly, he silently counted if he had enough
marionettes.
Previously, he had gone to the Forsaken Land of the Gods several times and
converted a large number of them. There were all kinds of monsters that
might not have Beyonder characteristics. He also consciously controlled
batches of rats, cockroaches, mosquitoes, and flies, hoping to make a more
uncommon side of the city real enough.
I’m barely able to support a small city, so just a few more visits to the
Forsaken Land of the Gods would do… Just as this thought flashed through
Klein’s mind, a scene suddenly appeared in front of him.
At the top of the Giant King’s Court which was bathed in the light of dusk,
the open door slowly and heavily closed.
This was like a pair of invisible hands closing the entrance to the Forsaken
Land of the Gods.
This… Klein’s eyes darkened as he vaguely guessed that this scene meant
that the True Creator was about to seal off the Forsaken Land of the Gods
again.
This was the prophetic power that came from his angel-level spiritual
intuition and premonition for danger.
It was about to happen a few minutes or a few seconds later.
Did the True Creator capture Amon? Or has “He” already given up? “He”
once again sealed off the Forsaken Land of the Gods. Does “He” not want
others to enter again? Isn’t this too petty? Klein mumbled inwardly, feeling
a little disappointed.
Of course, he barely had enough marionettes. Even if he lacked them, he
could make up for it at sea.
…
Backlund, Empress Borough.
Audrey had just changed her clothes and sent away her maidservants. Just
as she was about to leave, she saw Susie walk in.
“What’s the matter? You should be out on your stroll at this time?” As an
experienced Spectator, Audrey immediately sensed that something was
amiss.
During this period of time, she had been busy making use of the influence
she had in a few foundations to help the workers, farmers, and injured
veterans with their hardships. She had allowed them to wait for a new job
opportunity or for their plantation’s production in a new season. She had a
lot less interaction with Susie than usual.
At the same time, Audrey was secretly guiding the workers of lower
socioeconomic status from the various unions in Backlund to gather their
strength together.
Her previous experiences made her understand that counting on the
kindness of the upper class wasn’t reliable or long-lasting. A single person
appeared puny and powerless in the face of the government, nobles, and
powerful merchants. Only by summoning the combined strength of a large
number of civilians could a balance be formed.
The Loen Kingdom had unions in different industries a long time ago, but
the upper echelons of these associations were easily bribed. Instead, they
became effective weapons against ordinary workers.
Susie glanced at Audrey with a rather normal expression, but her mouth
seemed to be out of control. It vibrated the air and let out a deep male voice.
“Miss Audrey, I’m the president of the Psychology Alchemists, Eric Drake.
I wish to meet you and discuss with you about becoming a councilor of the
Psychology Alchemists. I’m at the nearby park.”
Having said that, Susie heaved a long sigh of relief and regained her
original voice.
“Audrey, there’s a strange guy looking for you. I… I can’t remember what
he looks like. H-he directly placed the words he wanted to say into my mind
island!”
Audrey’s pupils dilated slightly before immediately returning to normal.
She calmly nodded and said, “Where is he at the park?”
As she spoke, Audrey secretly conjured a Virtual Persona and entered
Susie’s mind island through the sea of collective subconscious. She checked
if it was still distorted by some external consciousness or knowledge.
“I don’t remember… I was having my stroll,” Susie said as she recalled.
Then, she wagged her tail slightly and said, “I don’t think you should go.
It’s dangerous.”
After confirming that Susie didn’t have any latent problems with her Virtual
Persona, Audrey exhaled and said, “It will be even more suspicious if I
don’t go. That way, danger will be unavoidable. It might even affect the rest
of the people in the house.”
Besides, this is also an opportunity. Just as Mr. Hanged Man said, since the
end of the world is coming, all the hard work and attempts that will not
bring disaster are meaningful… Audrey added inwardly before saying, “I
will protect myself.
“Susie, did anything happen to you just now?”
Susie barked and said, “No.
“Audrey, are you really going?”
“Yes.” Audrey gave a clear answer.
“Then can you bring me along? Just like before, I’m just a dog in their
eyes,” Susie mustered up her courage and said.
“No, there’s no need. I’ll be back very soon. Believe me, I’ll be blessed by a
deity,” Audrey replied with a faint smile.
After comforting Susie, she used her Psychological Invisibility and left the
luxurious villa like she usually did.
When she was far away, in a corner on the first floor, a servant who was
cleaning suddenly bowed his head and softly said words that he had never
learned before:
“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era…”
…
In the ancient palace above the fog.
The figure sitting in The Fool’s seat naturally looked at the newly formed
prayer light and realized that the believer was extremely unfamiliar.
It’s identical to Miss Justice’s home environment… I can suspect that it’s a
result of guidance created by a Virtual Persona’s invasion of the mind
island… Miss Justice used this method to avoid any surveillance and pray
for blessings… The figure quickly came to a conclusion and transferred the
corresponding situation to his true body.
A few seconds later, Klein entered Sefirah Castle and allowed the Worms of
Spirit to burrow into his body.
Miss Justice is becoming more and more like a High-Sequence Spectator…
Klein praised inwardly as he cast his gaze at the crimson star representing
Justice.
…
In the park with a lake.
As soon as Audrey entered, she saw a large carriage drive over. The carriage
driver was an ordinary middle-aged man wearing an old hat and a dark-
colored jacket.
However, in Audrey’s eyes, this carriage driver didn’t exist because he
didn’t have a corresponding island of consciousness or mind.
In other words, the carriage driver was just an illusion, a fake, and the
controller of the carriage was the horse itself.
A few seconds later, the large carriage stopped in front of Audrey. The door
creaked open.
“Please come in.” A deep male voice came from inside.
Audrey lifted the ends of her skirt slightly and boarded the carriage. She
saw a man sitting on a black wheelchair.
His pale yellow eyebrows were long and his hair was neatly combed back.
There were some wrinkles on his forehead, and his face was abnormally
pale.
“Mr. Derlau? Aren’t you already dead?” Audrey recognized the man in front
of her and expressed her surprise perfectly.
“To a Spectator, death only represents the end of one’s identity. In other
theatrical plays, I’m still alive,” the elderly gentleman who was sitting in a
black wheelchair replied with a smile. “Apart from the former royal
family’s medical consultant, the former chancellor of Backlund Medical
School, I’m also King of the Black Throne Barros Hopkins at sea. I’m the
famous hermit, Eric Drake, etc.
“Then how should I address you?” Audrey asked politely as she watched
the door close automatically from the corner of her eye.
The old gentleman stroked the wheels on both sides of his wheelchair and
said, “You can call me Mr. President, or you can continue calling me Mr.
Derlau.”
He then pointed to the seat on the left side of the carriage.
“Have a seat. Let’s head somewhere first before discussing you becoming a
councilor of the Psychology Alchemists.”
Audrey nodded slightly and calmly sat down.
Without hiding anything, she cast her gaze out of the window and was
surprised to find that in the blink of an eye, the park had turned into an
unfamiliar city, one that was shrouded in darkness.
The city was filled with extremely mysterious and beautiful buildings that
gave off a dark feeling. There were gentlemen wearing top hats and trench
coats, as well as women in complicated and dark dresses.
As Audrey swept her gaze, she saw a gentleman with short black hair
beside a carriage, revealing sharp canine fangs in his mouth.
This was a werewolf.