Chapter 816

: Completing the Transaction
After listing down all the important points, Klein rapped the edge of the
long mottled table and silently muttered, The one who sighed in the depths
of the cathedral is a member of the Twilight Hermit Order?
Qilangos had caught the eye of the Twilight Hermit Order after he managed
to venture deep inside? Later, he obtained an advancement and received
Creeping Hunger, allowing him to become a Pirate Admiral?
If that’s the case, it can be understood why he didn’t go to the primitive
island again to take away the Tyrant card after possessing the strength of a
Sequence 5… It’s yours only if it’s given. You can’t touch it if it’s not
given?
Of course, Qilangos might’ve established contact with that member of the
Twilight Hermit Order during his second visit of the cathedral after
possessing enough combat strength…
Regardless, that primitive island must have quite a connection with the
Twilight Hermit Order.
The reason why we arrived at the tomb rather smoothly in the other zones
and saw the picture of the Kings of Angels feasting on the Creator was
because that Twilight Hermit Order member had the intention of letting us
do so? They are happy to let that lost piece of history spread given the
chance… However, their depiction of something from their own standpoints
might not be the truth as well…
Later, that Twilight Hermit Order member probably sighed because he or
she didn’t expect us to quickly finish off the awakened deceased bodies and
the six-winged gargoyle to obtain the Tyrant card?
With how things normally go, we should’ve been in danger, and “He”
quells everything, talking to us from a distance, making us outer circle
members of the Twilight Hermit Order?
Klein carefully used “He” to refer to the existence in the depths of the
abandoned cathedral.
He even suspected that the person might be the former King of Angels, son
of God, Adam!
Of course, he wasn’t certain if the primitive island belonged to the Twilight
Hermit Order. He believed that even divination wouldn’t give him a certain
answer, as there were too many possibilities. It also involved other hidden
existences, and any information related to the spirit world would definitely
be wiped away or hidden.
If it’s really as I guessed, does that mean that I missed the chance of joining
the Twilight Hermit Order? If I pass their test, then I might be able to take a
glance at the second Blasphemy Slate and obtain the High-Sequence potion
formulas of the Seer pathway… What a pity… However, Gehrman Sparrow
has a mysterious origin with a secret existence backing him. This is known
by the various factions at sea, and as the most ancient and secret
organization, the Twilight Hermit Order will definitely be aware of the
corresponding situation. The outcome for Gehrman Sparrow would
probably be immediate execution and then having answers obtained via
spirit channeling… Klein first found it a pity before feeling afraid.
As his thoughts whirred, he even thought of sending The Hanged Man to
the primitive island again and seek out an opportunity to make him an outer
circle member of the Twilight Hermit Order, so that he could slowly reach
its core.
Sigh, but the problem is that the primitive island has vanished… Otherwise,
Mr. Hanged Man really has a chance of being a triple, no—a quadruple
spy… Klein snapped his fingers and made the paper in front of him
disappear, throwing the night’s exploration to the back of his mind.
However, he warned himself that he needed to pay attention to the
appearances of any abnormalities in his daily life.
He was afraid that it wasn’t that the hidden existence deep in the cathedral
wasn’t able to stop himself and The Hanged Man from escaping, but that
“He” had a deeper motive.
If not for the gray fog and him having been “sterilized,” Klein even
suspected if there were any hidden marks left on him.
Glancing at the items on the table, Klein first flipped the Tyrant card over
and placed it beside the Black Emperor card. Following that, he began
considering how he would deal with the remaining spoils of war.
He already had plans for the Sequence 5 Druid Beyonder characteristic of
the Planter pathway—sell it to Frank Lee via The Hermit Cattleya.
But the problem is whether I want to accelerate the destruction of this
world… Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh as he fell into a dilemma.
Allowing a dangerous fellow like Frank Lee to advance to Sequence 5
meant that cows, fish, the sea, and Rose Bishops would be fearful. No one
knew what this fellow, who was no better than a lunatic, would achieve in
his experiments after obtaining greater powers. It was an unknown what
sort of strange species he could create.
What if he plants himself and obtains a bunch of Franks. The world would
truly be in danger if that happens… Klein silently exhaled and planned on
letting Admiral of Stars vex over this problem.
After all, I’ll just be selling the Druid Beyonder characteristic normally.
Whether Ma’am Hermit wishes to buy it is up to her… Besides, it’s only a
Sequence 5. I believe Queen Mystic and the Moses Ascetic Order will
support her and be able to ensure nothing goes wrong. Besides, the Church
of Mother Earth has a bunch of Saints, Angels, and Grade 0 Sealed
Artifacts, as well as a true deity. There’s nothing they can’t handle… As
Klein consoled himself, he placed his attention onto the Mentor of
Confusion and Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristics.
His initial plan for the latter was to create a mystical item, but he wasn’t
sure if the Artisan that The Hanged Man knew had the ability to do so. As
for the former, he planned on selling it.
Although it could also be made into an item, it overlapped with the Baron
of Corruption inside the glove. Besides, Klein also began to realize that
having too many mystical items wasn’t necessarily a good thing. Particular
negative effects were a pain when stacked. With Creeping Hunger and the
rentable Leymano’s Travels, he believed that it was best if he traveled light
most of the time.
Under normal circumstances, Creeping Hunger matched with Death Knell,
along with a few Purifying Bullets, it was enough to deal with most
matters!
When in a sea or air battle, he could have an additional mystical item made
from an Ocean Songster. In complicated situations, he could rent
Leymano’s Travels when given the opportunity. If there wasn’t an
opportunity, he could use Groselle’s Travels for defense, and throw out the
Fate Siphon charm.
And this wasn’t considering his own Beyonder powers, Wraith marionette,
or the hard-to-use Sea God Scepter!
In terms of fixed assets, I’m considered a true tycoon… Klein sighed as he
made the Beyonder characteristics fly to the junk pile.
As for the eyeball of the six-winged gargoyle, this was a material rich in
spirituality and had some hint of strangeness. It could be used in a ritual to
create charms. Klein temporarily had no better use or requirements for it, so
he had already thrown it into the junk pile.
After doing all of this, he disappeared from above the gray fog, and he
returned to the real world.
…
On Saturday morning, Fors had originally planned on waking up naturally,
but she ended up being awoken by The World’s transmission via Mr. Fool.
He was returning Leymano’s Travels to her!
Fors rubbed her eyes and planned on directly preparing the ritual, but when
she saw her messy hair and puffy eyes, she decided to wash up first to make
herself look human.
She had finally sold the two properties yesterday, selling them at a higher
price than she had expected. Even after deducting the corresponding taxes,
she had received 6,550 pounds.
To her chagrin, gold coins which were used in daily life may appear
common, but when she attempted to collect them en masse, she failed to
obtain much. After plenty of work, all she got was 600 gold coins.
Phew, I can finally repay the debt and complete the transaction. Fors
combed her hair and began setting up the ritual.
Last night, to celebrate her first time accumulating such immense wealth,
she secretly drank half a bottle of Lanti and a barrel of Southville beer. This
resulted in her waking up in a terrible state.
During the ritual, and after some communication, Fors paid 5,200 pounds
and 600 gold coins, closing the assassination commission and receiving an
Interrogator Beyonder characteristic.
This way, she still had 2,530 pounds in cash. As for the royalties from her
two books, although they weren’t much, they were relatively stable.
After a brief wait, Fors saw the Door of Sacrifice and Bestowment light up
as two items flew out.
One of them was Leymano’s Travels, and the other was a light-blue,
translucent hexagonal prism. In it were streaking bolts of lightning.
Mr. World sure has many Beyonder characteristics on hand… Fors sighed
silently and first thanked Mr. Fool before ending the ritual to accept the
Interrogator’s Beyonder characteristic.
Finally, she picked up Leymano’s Travels and flipped through it to see what
additional Beyonder powers there were.
As the pages flipped over, her gaze suddenly froze. This was because two of
the charred yellow pages weren’t empty. They were filled with mysterious
and strange patterns and symbols.
These represented Beyonder powers at the demigod level!
A total of two pages!
“How extravagant…” Fors couldn’t help herself as she muttered.
This was the first time she was seeing a demigod Beyonder power which
she could freely use!
As a best-selling author who mainly wrote romance, her first reaction was
that The World Gehrman Sparrow was chasing after her.
But thinking back to how they hadn’t met before, and how the gentleman
was a cold and powerful assassin, she quickly rejected such a guess. She
believed that The World Gehrman Sparrow was probably able to receive
help from a demigod at any time, so he didn’t mind such matters.
Phew, I should try not to use it. I’ll let Mr. World use it when he rents it
again… Fors exhaled with some fear, completely lacking the guts to take
advantage of the terrifying assassin.
After composing herself, she used her crystal ball and identified all the new
Beyonder powers. She felt that they were all relatively useful apart from
Full Moon.
If I wish to commit suicide, this is quite a useful one… she muttered and
closed Leymano’s Travels. She planned on giving Xio the Interrogator’s
Beyonder characteristic when she returned in the evening.
…
At seven in the evening, Klein wore starched clothes as he waited at the
foyer with Butler Walter and Valet Richardson to welcome the guests at his
ball.
Soon, he saw a familiar face walk over.
Aaron Ceres!
This famous surgeon walked to the main door while helping his pregnant
wife.
Pregnant lady… Klein’s heart stirred as he walked over with a beaming
smile.