Chapter 1340

: Travel Diaries
“This small city called Utopia is intrinsically no different from the ones I
had been to in the past. Be it the folk culture, the people, or architectural
style, it follows very closely to the standard Loen styles.
“I’ve heard that the Southern Continent has many peculiar and unusual
traditions. I hope that I can experience it myself one day. Of course, that’s
after East and West Balam’s peace is restored.
“Speaking of which, the most special thing about this place is that the
weather is always changing and there’s always a storm. As a result, most
people have umbrellas and raincoats that are smeared with Donningsman
Tree Sap. The hotel attendant told me that for a person of a certain income
level, which also has a need to work outdoors, they would have to save
quite a sum of money to purchase a raincoat. Otherwise, the sickness would
only take more away.
“There are no meteorologists here. I have no idea why there are so many
changes in the weather here. I can only guess that it has something to do
with it lining the sea and being close to places with hurricanes. Yes, there’s
a deep water harbor a few kilometers away from Utopia. However, they’re
lacking in manpower, and it isn’t very well-managed. It can only maintain
its operations on a small scale.
“They don’t have local newspapers either. After all, it’s just a small city
with a few thousand people. The paperboys mainly sell the Tussock Times,
Desi Mirror, and Seawind News…
“The second reason I like this place is because many people in Utopia are
optimistic and are very enthusiastic about life.
“When I wrote this down, a band happened to pass by outside the hotel.
“It’s not a professional band, but a group formed purely from amateur
enthusiasts. Among them, there are civil servants, law enforcement officers,
solicitors, professional policemen, school teachers, candy factory workers,
shop owners… Among them, those with the money are responsible for the
larger musical instruments, such as cello, violins, and other difficult musical
instruments. The lower- and middle-class citizens use relatively simple
instruments like seven-string guitars and harmonicas.
“On some rest days, they will walk the streets and set off from the
municipal square. They will circle the city before returning to the Saint
Arianna Cathedral near the square. They call this a ‘musical tour.'”
“In the tour, not only do they not reject other citizens from joining, but they
even encourage them to sing or dance along with the procession. According
to my observations, the participants are very happy and very satisfied as
they freely express their love for life. This gives me a feeling of being full
of vigor.
“I have to admit that it’s very infectious. I’ve tried to join the tour, and I’ve
forgotten my troubles in the revelry of music, dancing, and singing. I only
remember happiness…
“They aren’t on a tour today. Instead, they’re showering their blessings to a
newly-wed couple at the cathedral.
“Speaking of weddings, what I don’t understand the most is that it only has
the Evernight Goddess’s cathedral. One ought to know that in most of the
kingdom, even in a small town, there would be at least two cathedrals, one
belonging to the Evernight Goddess and the other, the Lord of Storms.
“Before today, I couldn’t imagine that an ordinary town in the kingdom
would only believe in one deity.
“However, this doesn’t cause too much trouble for me. Before I turned
eighteen, I could only believe in the Lord of Storms under the influence of
my family. However, after I graduated from grammar school, I came to
truly understand that the Goddess is the most compassionate and benevolent
deity.
“Back to the wedding, I participated in a wedding a couple of days ago. I
discovered that Utopia has some special customs in this area.
“Out of all of them, what I admire the most is that when the priest
pronounces them man and wife, the groom and bride will bow to each other.
No one is superior in this relationship as they only sincerely express their
gratitude to be able to spend the rest of their lives together.
“This might be an expression of equality between man and woman in the
Goddess’s teachings…
“In addition, there will be some special game segments after the wedding.
For example, let the groom and the bride publicly describe their love story.
“This may be a rather embarrassing matter for them, but to the guests, it’s
rather interesting. Yes, I think so too, but I definitely won’t add similar
segments to my wedding.
“At the wedding, I heard the best love story I’ve heard so far. If there’s a
chance, and if you my dear readers of this particular column enjoy it, I’ll
consider retelling it. Of course, I’ll change the names and some details to
prevent the couple from feeling troubled…
“The most important reason why I like Utopia is its food. The food here is
very delicious. The limited number of restaurants are all very good, and the
best is undoubtedly the attached restaurant to the Irises Hotel I’m staying at.
“Be it the most basic beef steak, fried pig chop, charcoal barbecued meat,
spiced fried fish, or even more complicated, more difficult stewed mutton
with peas, thick cream soup, butter potatoes, and roasted potato skin, all of
them have reached the level of a master chef in the city. In addition, the
chefs here are quite skilled in creating unique dishes and food. There are
sweet-and-sour meat cubes, and grilled fish smeared with various
condiments…
“In the staples that don’t seem to allow for experimentation, the chefs of
Utopia haven’t given up. I’ve eaten all kinds of toasts in this city: yam,
potatoes, butter, creamed, and ones with fruits… As long as I was willing
to, I could make it so that I don’t eat the same thing twice during the week.
“The best food of praise here is their desserts.
“Cream pudding, fruit pudding, black forest cakes, carrot cakes, milk cakes,
muffins, egg tarts…
“I feel hungry writing this. This is the reason why I still don’t wish to leave
after staying here for a week. What I’m most worried about now is not my
wallet but my weight. I’m glad that the hotel doesn’t have a weight scale,
and at the same time, I blame them for not including one.
“The red wine in Utopia is also rather outstanding. The only problem is that
they lack the age to settle down. It seems like the vineyards around the city
haven’t realized this.
“Here, I need to seriously recommend a drink. Utopia’s Fizzling Ice Tea.
It’s very special, and it has an even more amazing experience besides the
sweetness and bubbles…
“Every night, I would go for a stroll in the municipal square. That’s also the
place where most Utopians like to go for entertainment. They have an
extraordinary love for the pigeons.
“I met an artist at the municipal square. His name is Anderson. He’s
handsome, and his artistic skills are superb. Unfortunately, he’s a mute…
“I also know another writer. His name is Alzu. It’s a rather strange name.
He said that he’s writing a long novel and asked me to appraise the
beginning.
“I won’t comment on his novel, but I was just curious about a few familiar
names at the beginning of the novel.
“It included Anderson, Wendy, oh yes, this is the boss of my favorite
bakery…
“I raised this question, and Alzu told me very seriously that when a writer
can’t think of names for characters, it’s very reasonable for them to use
someone they know as reference.
“I agree.
“…
“Since this column is too narrow to contain my thoughts, I’ll end it here.
Love,
Charlotte”
Monica put down her fountain pen and seriously read the manuscript twice.
She changed certain words and any grammatical errors.
She was a writer. She wasn’t famous at first, so she could only rely on
writing third-rate romance novels to maintain her life. After she changed
her faith to the Evernight Goddess, her father had almost cut off all ties with
her.
However, ever since Miss Fors Wall, who had written “Stormwind
Mountain Villa,” established a travel column, and had received quite a
warm response after the war, Monica had also started to write about her
travels in some Backlund newspapers. This perfectly matched her hobby,
and her hobby gave her a unique vitality to help her become a famous travel
columnist.
Charlotte was her pen name.
After her writing dried completely, Monica specially wrote another copy
and stuffed it into an envelope before affixing it with a stamp.
After confirming that the address was correct, the black-haired lady with a
Desi Bay style carried her handbag and left the hotel, heading to the Utopia
post office.
The post office was next to the telegraph office. Whenever Monica passed
by the latter, she would always find it a waste.
From her point of view, Utopia rarely needed to send telegrams. It was too
extravagant to specially build a telegraph office.
After sending the letter, Monica looked at the sky and walked towards the
municipal square.
When she arrived at the entrance of Saint Arianna’s Cathedral, she met
Biles.
He was a police officer. He had once questioned Monica at the Irises Hotel
due to the homicide witness.
Unfortunately, Monica didn’t know that man named Wendel.
After greeting each other with a nod, Monica entered the cathedral and
found a seat. She listened quietly to the sermon of the priest named
Townsend.
This was a priest she found to be most clergyman-like ever since she
changed her faith to the Evernight Goddess. His hair was half-white, and he
spoke slowly and mellowly. His voice was deep and low, always calming
down people without them realizing it.
Monica closed her eyes and listened attentively to the sermon.
…
East Chester County, in a forest belonging to the Hall family.
Alfred, Hibbert, and Audrey led their respective foxhounds with their
servants around the forest and chased after their prey.
This was the first time the three of them had hunted together since they
became adults.
In front of their sister, Alfred and Hibbert had a great time—at least on the
surface.
And to Alfred, the biggest problem was how to control himself and not
show that he was too extraordinary. Otherwise, if a Disciplinary Paladin
were to join the hunt, no one else would have the chance.
He knew that his sister was a Beyonder, but he also knew that a Sequence 7
Beyonder of the Spectator pathway didn’t have any actual combat ability.
As they chased their prey, they rushed out of the forest and saw a wheat
field.
“Where are we?” Audrey, dressed in hunting gear, asked casually.
This was her first time hunting in this forest, and she didn’t know where it
led to.
Hibbert wasn’t too familiar with the area as well. He turned his head and
said to his attendant, “Ask someone.”
As they waited, the three siblings laughed as they discussed their trophies.
As for the golden retriever, Susie, she glanced at the foxhounds that wanted
to get close to her and made them distance themselves.
After a while, Hibbert’s attendant returned and reported, “Sir, there’s a
village called Hartlarkh nearby…”
Hartlarkh… That village with the dragon-worship customs? I came here
from somewhere else? Audrey was taken aback when she heard that.