Chapter 195

: “Lockpicking Expert” Klein
A few seconds later, Klein activated his Spirit Vision and surveyed the
room, only to find how extravagantly decorated Madam Sharon’s room
was.
In a spacious area with a cloakroom that was ajar, there was a thick carpet, a
blanket made with goose feathers, a makeup table strewn with skin care
products and cosmetics, a dazzling array of jewelry, thin clothing and socks
thrown over the rocking chair, and multiple decorative items adorned with
gold silk. All of these entered Klein’s field of vision.
What attracted Klein’s attention the most was an unfinished oil painting. On
the painting was the naked figure of Madam Sharon herself—her brown
hair like a waterfall, her eyes like an innocent deer’s, pure and limpid. But
her curved eyebrows, sharp nose, and tender lips accentuated her form as a
mature female. The two qualities fused together despite the contradiction,
releasing an alarming temptation.
Klein only gave a cursory glance at the area under the neck for a moment.
He wasn’t trying to be gentlemanly. After all, he had already seen the porno,
so why would he have scruples over a picture?
His attention had been grabbed by the pastels, palettes, and paintbrushes
beside the painting, as well as a full-length silver-coated mirror.
This combination and their placement relative to each other gave Klein a
weird thought that the painter was Madam Sharon herself, and not some
artist she had seduced.
A beautiful woman with a great figure, flirtatious yet innocent, stripping
and drawing herself while looking in the mirror to chronicle her beauty… It
feels a little odd. Is Madam Sharon narcissistic? Klein gulped silently and
retracted his gaze. He started to search for possible evidence of her crimes.
Following Leonard’s and Frye’s instructions, he kept his black gloves on as
he searched. He had to keep the original position of everything in his
memory to facilitate putting everything back after he was done.
This proved easy for an advanced Seer. If he forgot, he could use dream
divination to recall the placement easily.
Of course, he had performed a divination before he left the house tonight.
There was going to be no danger and he would be met with relative success.
That’s something a good charlatan would do… even if I’m already a
Clown… Klein lampooned himself. He spent twenty minutes searching
Madam Sharon’s room, but he didn’t find anything noteworthy, nor did he
see any light emitted by spirituality.
Finally, he stopped before a safe in the corner of the room.
The steel safe was a meter tall; thick and heavy. It gave the impression that
it was unusually sturdy, as if it could only be opened using explosives.
This sure is a characteristic of the Age of Steam. There must be complicated
machinery within the safe… Klein tried to open the safe but failed
miserably.
He left the safe for last. He took off his left glove and unwound the topaz
dangling on his left wrist.
Grabbing the silver chain and allowing the pendulum to fall, Klein dispelled
the excitement that the fragrance in the room gave him and entered a state
of Cogitation.
His eyes turned dark as he chanted to himself, “There is a secret room or
hidden partition in this room.
“There is a secret room or hidden partition in this room.”
…
After reciting it seven times, Klein’s eyes regained their normal color. He
looked at the dangling topaz, which was turning counterclockwise.
It was a negative result.
Klein nodded slightly and left Madam Sharon’s room. According to the
process from before, he went through the study, the living room, the
greenhouse, and other parts of the house, but he didn’t find any clues of
value.
He didn’t use Dowsing Rod Seeking since he didn’t exactly know what he
was looking for.
Klein took out his silver pocket watch and gave it a look. He confirmed the
time before returning to Madam Sharon’s bedroom.
Carefully closing the wooden door, Klein took out the silver dagger used
for rituals and released his spirituality, allowing it to fuse with the powers
of nature and seal the room.
He was going to summon himself!
He was going to go through the safe using his spirit and check the things
inside!
Grandpa doesn’t need to know how to lockpick! Klein proclaimed in
Mandarin.
The process was simple since he was praying to himself. He didn’t have to
be too particular. Klein took out a candle infused with sandalwood and
ignited it using his spirituality. That was going to be his altar.
“I!
“I summon in my name:
“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era, the mysterious ruler above the
gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.”
The incantation reverberated around Madam Sharon’s bedroom. Klein’s
spirituality poured out from within him, gently fusing with the candle flame
to become a gray, palm-sized veil of light.
He then took four steps counterclockwise, made his way through the mad
ravings, and into the world above the gray fog.
He saw the Door of Summoning appear behind the seat of honor at the
ancient long table. Klein was about to react when he froze.
I should perform a divination to see if I can discover any clues since I’m
already here. Here, as well as removing any interference, my powers are
also significantly boosted… Also, because of where I am now, performing a
divination is akin to using an object Madam Sharon brings around with her
everyday… He sat down and conjured a fountain pen and goatskin.
What should I divine? Klein slipped into deep thought .
Is there anything wrong with Madam Sharon?
No, everyone makes mistakes, there would be something wrong with
anyone.
Is Madam Sharon involved in a crime?
… No, that’s not narrow enough either. As a famous socialite tied to the
political sphere, it’s natural that she would be associated with something
dirty yet cannot be convicted for… Also, what is the definition of a crime
anyway? The laws of the Loen Kingdom, or the laws of the Intis Republic,
or is it up to me to decide?
…
Despite his many thoughts, Klein didn’t want to delay it any further. After
all, his physical body was still in the real world. Thus, he decided to
confirm the past few divinations he did regarding the incident.
He picked up the pen and, without writing, he conjured a divination
statement on the goatskin before him
“John Maynard’s death was due to supernatural influences.”
This was the divination he did when he went to Maynard’s house to help the
police. The answer he received last time was negative.
Grabbing the silver chain, he allowed the topaz pendulum to almost touch
the statement on the goatskin. Klein half-closed his eyes and silently recited
the divination statement, “John Maynard’s death was due to supernatural
influences.
“John Maynard’s death was due to supernatural influences.”
…
After repeating it seven times, he opened his eyes and looked at the
pendulum. His pupils constricted suddenly.
The topaz pendulum was spinning clockwise!
Clockwise meant a positive result!
Maynard’s death was really due to supernatural influences!
Klein stared at the pendulum that was slowing down, his heart churning in
turmoil.
My divination back then was influenced, disrupted…
Madam Sharon is a Beyonder, a rather powerful Beyonder? Or is there
someone backing her, having helped in planning Maynard’s death?
Did they want to remove a powerful opponent to the seat of mayor, to
remove a future House of Commons Member of Parliament from the New
Party?
Many thoughts raced through his mind as Klein wrote a new divination
statement: “Madam Sharon is a Beyonder.”
He recited the statement seven times, still using the pendulum technique.
Klein used the location he was at, as well as the information he knew
regarding Madam Sharon, to complete the divination. He saw an answer.
The answer was the clockwise rotation of the topaz pendulum: the answer
was yes!
Madam Sharon is a Beyonder… Klein’s nerves tensed. He didn’t delay any
further, immediately answering his own prayer and pushing open the
mysterious door.
After a moment of chaos and dizziness, he saw Madam Sharon’s bedroom
and himself.
Klein floated to the front of the heavy safe and extended his right hand. He
carefully extended his hand into the safe.
Since Madam Sharon was a Beyonder, he had to be wary of traps in the
safe.
In such a state, where his soul was infused with powers of the mysterious
space and his spirituality, Klein no longer needed divination. He would
receive a warning when he was approaching something dangerous—a large
portion of divination was obtaining revelations by allowing one’s Astral
Projection to roam in the spirit world. In other words, it was derived from
one’s spirituality.
Klein didn’t notice anything unusual. when his nearly-transparent hand
made it through the thick metal door.
After sweeping his hand, he leaned forward, plunging his entire spirit into
the safe.
He saw that the inside of the safe was split into three sections. The first was
filled with gold bars, thick stacks of cash, and even more precious jewelry.
Another layer had sealed documents. Klein blew on them, but he didn’t
manage to flip them open to look at their contents.
Yes, I’ll have to try again with Mr. Azik’s copper whistle… Klein had
experimented with it previously. When he enveloped the Flaring Sun Charm
or Azik’s copper whistle with his spirit, both the items were able to make it
through obstacles, as if becoming illusory items themselves.
The bottom-most layer of the safe was rather strange. There was only a
black and white photo there. On the photo was a suave young man.
Madam Sharon’s past lover? Were they forcefully broken apart, and Madam
Sharon having no choice but to marry the old baron and, thus, embarked on
her path of debauchery by entering the beds of multiple men? But deep in
her heart, she still harbors a pure space. Every night, when it’s quiet, she
takes out this photo and strokes it with tears on her face… Klein instantly
imagined the plot of a great romantic tragedy.
But the more he looked at it, the more something seemed amiss. The young
man in the photo seemed, perhaps, a little too much like Madam Sharon…
Madam Sharon’s brother? She’s a Beyonder… F**k, could she also be of
the Demoness pathway? The same as Instigator Trissy! Klein suddenly had
a stroke of inspiration which scared himself.
Could the reason Trissy stayed in Tingen this long be because her partner
was here? Klein observed the photo closely, realizing that the young man
looked remarkably like Madam Sharon.
His nearly-transparent face grimaced in pain. He could no longer view that
“porno” the same way as before!
Collecting himself, Klein felt for the corners of the safe to see if they hid
anything.
Even though he couldn’t pick up any papers in his current state, passing
through objects was a different feeling from passing through the air. The
feeling was also different when passing through objects of different
densities.
In his search, Klein suddenly froze.
He found an empty space on the side of the safe facing the wall—a hidden
compartment!
After confirming that there was no danger, Klein made his way inside.
What entered his field of vision were ointments, fragrances, powdered
herbs, and other objects. The centerpiece was a statue of a god that took the
form of a skeleton.
The statue was about the size of a palm, and probably of a beautiful girl. It
had long hair all the way to its heels, each strand of hair was thick and clear,
like a venomous snake.
Situated at the tip of every strand of hair was an eye—some closed, others
open.
Klein was shocked. He caught a whiff of an evil scent and hurried out of the
hidden compartment.
He now understood why his divination for any secret rooms or partitions in
the room had failed!