Chapter 1429

: In Modern Day (27)
Translator: CKtalon
“…” For a moment, I’m at a loss on how to respond to Anderson Hood. I’m
afraid that I would end up quarreling with him the moment I open my
mouth.
After a few seconds, I finally find a relatively euphemistic solution.
“Oh, you’re even able to paint?”
The receptionist eagerly says, “Heh, he knows a lot of things. He originally
came to our country to learn banter, claiming that he’s proficient in all kinds
of things.”
That sounds like sarcasm… The receptionist and this foreign teacher don’t
seem to be on good terms… I wonder if he’s speaking the truth or just
joking… Although I’m not particularly good at observing people, his
behavior is a little obvious.
“Haha, if you wish to learn banter, I can teach you as well,” Anderson Hood
says with a well-enunciated Chinese accent.
“We’ll see?” I’m a little confused about the current situation, and I have no
choice but to say something perfunctory like “I’ll check my schedule.”
After watching Anderson walk into the office, I turn my head and ask the
male receptionist, “Can I not sign up for his class?”
“That’s one of your rights.” The male receptionist looks excited. “A wise
choice!”
He then gives me a thumbs up.
“T-this… foreign teacher—Anderson… Is he that bad?” I glance in the
direction of the office.
The male receptionist chuckles.
“To be honest, he’s very capable. His only flaw is…”
He pauses.
“What is it?” I can’t help but ask in response.
The male receptionist turns solemn.
“That he’s not a mute!”
“Hahaha.” I laugh, half-sincere and half-polite.
Then, I ask curiously, “Do people sign up for his classes?”
“Yes, quite a lot.” The male receptionist curls his lips.
“Aren’t they aware that you can’t withdraw from classes and switch
teachers after signing up?” I take the opportunity to gather more details.
“No.” The male receptionist quickly corrects me. “We have one trial lesson.
If you’re not satisfied, you can switch to another teacher.”
He pauses and laughs.
“Well, you know, some people just like to get mocked and trampled on.”
It sounds like they have a special fetish… I stop asking further.
“Then I’ll sign up for your principal’s class. Are there weekend classes?”
“Yes.” The male receptionist quickly does the introductions.
I don’t waste any time. After paying 6,666 yuan, I sign up for the Dream
Tutoring Classes’ weekend business English class.
After leaving the Dream Tutoring Classes, I don’t leave the building.
Instead, I find a quiet corner and take in the feel of the air conditioner. I
then make a record of today’s events.
To be a commercial spy, one has to act like a commercial spy. I have to live
up to Miss Huang’s payment!
Done! I casually tap my phone and look at the department chat to prevent
myself from missing any important notices.
Rozanne: “Take note, take note: CEO Huang is bringing a VIP over to visit.
Everyone, please be more professional.”
VIP… Oh, that client named Zaratulstra. Heh heh, I actually missed him
again. Looks like we aren’t fated to meet… I hold my phone and consider
what to do next.
It’s rare for me to have free time in the afternoon on a non-weekend day. I
can’t waste it.
Hmm, I’ll go catch a movie. There shouldn’t be a lot of people at this time.
With that thought in mind, I immediately head to the larger mall next door.
Then, I take the elevator to the fourth floor and start searching for the
cinema.
Eh, there’s a signing event… Looking around, I see many people lining up
at the entrance of a large bookstore.
It’s obvious that a famous author is here to do a fansigning event.
With some level of curiosity, I deliberately pass by and see a few poster
stands.
Romance Queen… Slacker Without a Dream… This pen name, heh, the
authors nowadays really have weird pen names… I don’t know the author
of the fansign event, nor do I have any intention of joining in the fun.
Of course, I’m still a little curious as to what the author looks like. After all,
the few poster stands that aren’t blocked mainly introduced the Romance
Queen’s new book without any pictures.
I’ll come take a look after the movie… I mutter to myself and follow the
road signs to the other side of the mall. At the end of the road, I find the
cinema.
Because I haven’t thought of what to watch, I stay in the lobby and look for
something that peaks my interest from the promotional pictures.
Suddenly, I feel the light in front of me dim.
A tall man appears beside me!
He’s so tall. He’s almost two meters… I look at him from the corner of my
eye and realize that he looks like a basketball player.
Wait, he seems to be wearing the junior high school uniform near my
neighborhood!
Holy sh*t, he’s only in middle school and he’s already two meters tall?
What do children nowadays eat?
A-and he dyed his hair brownish-yellow…
Does he need to attend classes? Well, it’s summer vacation now.
But why are you wearing your school uniform during the summer vacation?
As I lampoon, I take a stealthy step in the opposite direction, in case the
child makes me look like a dwarf.
Meanwhile, I find the movie that I’ll be watching. I don’t have to wait too
long.
“The Pirate 3: Crazy Adventurer”
In the corresponding promotional pictures, a man in a top hat and trench
coat is standing between lightning, waves, and storms with three retro pirate
ships surrounding him. And at the bow of each ship stands a beautiful
female pirate.
This chapter’s release was pushed back (the final chapter will be released
tomorrow) to promote Cuttlefish’s new book: Embers Ad Infinitum
Again, be prepared for a well-thought out and detailed apocalyptic,
cyberpunk world with a setting superseding Lord of the Mysteries!
Take note that the beginning of the story is slow (maybe even slower) like
LOTM, but make sure to unlock all available chapters with COINS so that
the book is continued! Otherwise, it will be dropped in Trial Reads! Have
faith in Cuttlefish! Also, please continue supporting Cuttlefish by unlocking
chapters in Coins even if it’s continued!
Synopsis below:
Our protagonist, Shang Jianyao, is crazy—literally crazy, at least that’s
what the doctors said. Living in a huge, underground building of Pangu
Biology, one of the few remaining factions in this apocalyptic wasteland
known as the Ashlands, he acts in unfathomable ways that’s head-
scratching, comical, and shrewd. So is he really crazy? Probably.
He has a grand dream: to save all of humanity. Intricately tied to this dream
is something everyone in the Ashlands believes in: Deep in a particular ruin
buried away by danger and famine, a path leading to a new world awaits. To
step into the new world, one only needs to find a special key and open that
certain door. There, the land is bountiful, as if milk and honey flows freely.
The sunlight is dazzling, as if all coldness and darkness are washed away.
The people will no longer have to face desolation, monsters, infections,
mutations, and all kinds of dangers. There, children are joyous, adults are
happy, everything is fine as they are supposed to be.
Every Antiquarian, Ruin Hunter, and Historian roaming the Ashlands
knows: That’s the New World.