Chapter 220

: Klein's Sacrificial Trial
“Attempt?” Justice was instantly thrilled as she nodded her, acting reserved
and elegant.
“I’m very willing to cooperate.”
As a Spectator, she clearly remembered that Mr. Fool had only used the
word “attempt” on two things. The first time involved bringing her and The
Hanged Man into this mysterious space, and the second time was when they
were given an honorary name so that they could attempt to make a prayer.
And the outcome was sufficiently successful, revealing “His” true nature.
What would it be this time? It really is something to look forward to!
Audrey restrained her impatience and tried her best to behave as a qualified
Spectator.
Attempt… Alger suddenly tensed up, viewing The Fool’s proposal with
utmost wariness.
What does “He” want to do? What is “His” true purpose? Is this good or
bad for me?One by one, thoughts popped up in his mind. The rapidly
rotting appearance of Rear Admiral Hurricane Qilangos surfaced in Alger’s
mind.
Finally, he lowered his head and respectfully replied, “Your wish is my
wish.”
Beside him, Derrick looked at The Hanged Man, and then at Justice,
wondering why they were so sensitive to this so-called “attempt.”
Klein lightly tapped his fingers on the edge of the long bronze table and
smiled.
“This attempt will make your transaction easier and safer, and it will
definitely be sufficiently confidential.”
He turned his head to the side and looked at The Hanged Man. He said with
a moderate pace, “Do you remember the sacrificial ritual described by The
Sun?”
Klein had deliberately mentioned it to show how open he was. It made it
difficult for the members of the Tarot Club to imagine that the sacrificial
ceremony he was about to provide had actually first been obtained from The
Sun and that he had gone through all that time and effort back then to trick
The Sun out of a template sacrificial ritual.
“I remember. I do come into contact with such things usually,” Alger
answered truthfully, but his heart was throbbing.
Since the orthodox gods rarely responded to similar rituals, the word
“sacrifice” had often been equated to evil gods and devils in the Fifth
Epoch!
Thinking about how this could lead to a terrifying outcome, The Hanged
Man felt as if he was walking at the edge of the abyss. If he wasn’t careful,
he would fall in, only to be eroded and devoured.
Klein followed his plans and didn’t provide further explanations. He
nodded slightly and said, “My idea is for you to sacrifice the Beyonder
material to me through the ritual and I’ll bestow them to Miss Justice. A
transaction like this will be beneficial for both of you.”
That can be done? Audrey was instantly dumbfounded. She felt that this
exceeded the limits of her imagination.
But she very quickly came to her senses and understood the advantages of
this method and the true nature of a deity hidden behind this simple act!
Mr. Fool is great! As expected, our Tarot Club will be different from the
other secret organizations! We’ll use the method of deities to exchange for
material goods and ingredients! Audrey almost said “Praise the Lady” in
her mind out of habit, but in the end, she said, “Praise Mr. Fool” instead.
Alger turned even warier as he entered a state of calm thoughts.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, what do I need to do?”
He tried to figure out the true purpose of The Fool from the process of the
sacrificial ritual.
Klein lightly pressed his right hand and said, “Like I said, this is only an
attempt. It might not succeed, so it will need your cooperation.
“First of all, prepare an altar. There’s no need to make it too complicated; it
can be very simple and crude. The only requirement is to engrave or draw
this symbol.”
As he spoke, a screen of light appeared in front of him. On it was the
symbol of the hidden “Pupil-less Eye” and the mysterious symbol of the
partial contorted lines; the same symbol on the back of The Fool’s chair.
After previous experiments without using materials with spirituality, Klein
was certain that the sacrificial ceremony he designed could create an
illusory gate above the gray fog, similar to the Door of Summoning.
However, his strength alone couldn’t construct a stable channel, and he
could only use the uniqueness of the mysterious space above the gray fog to
complete the sacrifice.
Therefore, he was 90% confident that the ceremony would be successful.
The only problem was if an ordinary passageway could be constructed
using ordinary materials that contained spirituality or did it need to be
Beyonder materials as well as a sufficient number of them.
I’ll let Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man bear the cost of this experiment…
In any case, they knew from the very beginning that the Tarot Club was a
product of an attempt. It can be foreseen that there would be other attempts
subsequently and failure is inevitable. Even deities are no exception… Klein
decided to transfer the costs.
As The Hanged Man, Justice, and the Sun were attempting to memorize the
symbol, Klein chuckled.
“If you forget, you can pray to me, and then you can ‘remember.'”
“Alright,” Audrey answered happily.
With Mr. Fool, rituals aren’t tedious and troublesome! she thought happily.
The Hanged Man nodded in response as Klein continued the description.
“Secondly, follow the normal procedure, but there’s no need to burn any
more additional herbs or apply the holy oil. There’s no restriction on time,
just chanting my name is enough.
“Remember, use ancient Hermes or Jotun to recite this piece of prayer.
“Your devoted servant prays for your attention,
“I pray for you to take his offerings.
“I pray for you to open the gates to your Kingdom.
“After you finish chanting, combine the materials that contain spirituality
with the natural power created by the incantation, and await my response.
“If you don’t succeed in this step, change from materials containing
spirituality to Beyonder materials, and try again from the beginning.”
After listening quietly to the procedure, Alger felt that his previous guess
was very likely to be the truth.
The Fool was in a predicament!
He offered alluring attempts, making attempts one step at a time and
planned to use himself, Justice, and The Sun to slowly break free of the
restrictions. In the end, he might even descend into the real world!
This was also the true reason why “He” had initially pulled people into this
mysterious space, agreeing to the establishment of the Tarot Club!
Even without this previous speculation, Alger believed that he would’ve
come to the same conclusion after hearing of the experimental procedures
required after the sacrificial ritual and comparing it with The Fool’s
previous attempts.
The only thing that stumped him was the possession of a powerful adorer;
therefore, there was no need for him to use himself, Justice, and The Sun.
His adorer could make similar attempts.
There must be secrets I don’t know about yet… The attempts need to be
sufficiently secretive. And perhaps “His” adorer is being watched by
certain existences? Alger began connecting the dots.
After Klein finished describing the ritual, he asked in a low but gentle
voice, “The sacrificial ritual needs a specific time. Mr. Hanged Man, when
do you plan on making the attempt?”
This was different from responding to a request which could have a delayed
response. The stable passage created by the sacrificial ritual could only exist
for a very short period of time, so Klein had to wait above the gray fog
ahead of time.
“The Rainbow Salamander’s pituitary gland is the only Beyonder material I
have with me for the time being. As for materials with spirituality, I do have
quite a lot… Mr. Fool, once the gathering ends, I’ll immediately attempt the
first scenario. If it fails, I’ll seek out other Beyonder materials. Once I
obtain anything, I’ll inform you by praying to confirm a time,” Alger said as
he couldn’t help but turn his gaze towards Miss Justice.
As a Spectator, Audrey instantly understood what he meant. She answered
without the slightest hesitation, “If any additional Beyonder materials are
required, I’ll compensate you afterward. Well… I can’t guarantee the
specific type of material you would want.”
As expected of the wealthy Miss Justice … The Fool—Klein—couldn’t help
but sigh before chuckling.
“We have come to an agreement.”
He looked at Justice and said after some thought, “Once Mr. Hanged Man’s
attempt succeeds, I’ll inform you of the bestowment ceremony.”
“Alright!” Audrey was entirely confident with Mr. Fool’s abilities.
After answering the question, a sudden thought struck her as she realized
that the exchange of money could also be done through this method. Of
course, this was only if the attempt was a success.
I wonder if items without any spirituality would work or not… I’ll ask Mr.
Fool again after the attempt is successful… Audrey’s lips curled as she
thought of the beautiful future.
With the sacrifice and bestowment topic coming to an end, she deliberated
for a few seconds before saying, “Mr. Fool, I’ve found two ladies suitable
for our Tarot Club. They’re both Beyonders and have their own circle and
resources in Backlund. They’re also able to keep a secret and have decent
personalities. Are you willing to let them join the gathering?”
Does Justice want to strengthen her faction within the Tarot Club? This was
the most instinctual thought that Alger had.
Derrick was very interested in this matter as he looked sideways at Mr.
Fool, waiting for his answer in anticipation.
Klein appeared to be in a bit of a dilemma. Previously, he had imagined that
the members of the Tarot Club wouldn’t know each other, and they would
then develop their own subordinates, forming a relatively tight and secretive
organization.
This way, even if a certain member was exposed, captured, or had their
spirit channeled, it wouldn’t have much of an impact on the Tarot Club.
But Miss Justice’s description just happened to hit his weak spot. He was
hoping to find clues regarding the Secret Order and Lanevus by acquainting
himself with Beyonders with different circles and resources in Backlund.
If it’s done through Justice, the person involved would eventually hold
back… However, I’m not sure if it’s possible to pull them up above the gray
fog simply by reciting my name… In order to maintain his image, Klein
didn’t think too much and instead procrastinated on it.
He said calmly, “It will require a certain amount of examination.
“Miss Justice, use a clandestine method that wouldn’t expose yourself to let
them know of my name to garner interest in them.”
When Audrey saw that her proposal was about to be accepted, she
immediately responded in excitement, “Yes, Mr. Fool!”
After a few more exchanges, the gathering came to an end. The Sun, The
Hanged Man, and Justice returned, while Klein remained in the gray fog,
waiting for the sacrifice.