Chapter 861

: Fors’s Dream
Upon hearing the middle-aged man’s shout and seeing his warped
expression, Hazel’s eyes which were filled with rage and hatred gradually
froze before melting into a confused and lost look.
It wasn’t only her. Macht and Riana, as well as Dwayne Dantès, fell silent.
No one spoke for a moment. Even Fors, who had concealed herself, also
lost the sense of excitement she originally had, no longer having that strong
sense of justice.
After more than ten seconds, Macht stopped looking at his assailant and
turned his head to say to his bodyguards, “One of you stay here. Watch the
scene and the suspect. Wait for the police.”
Having said that, he paused and said to his valet, “Get a few reporters to
cover this matter.”
After preliminarily dealing with the matter, this House of Commons
Member of Parliament surveyed the area and discovered that several
passersby were attempting to gather over to check on what was happening.
He then looked at Dwayne Dantès and apologized with a smile, “My
apologies for putting you in such danger. I never expected the matter to
develop this way. We did consider the actual situation of similar factory
owners and coal suppliers, and we had provided them some assistance and
interim measures. Who knew…”
Coming up with a bill is something, but the actual implementation is an
entirely different matter. When atmospheric pollution becomes abnormally
pressing and the various parties exert immense stress, it’s no surprise that a
cookie-cutter solution is employed… Klein sighed and said with a self-
deprecating laugh, “There’s no need to keep my feelings into consideration.
I’ve been in even more dangerous situations in the past.”
On the surface, it appeared as though he was referring to his encounters
when doing business in the Southern Continent’s West Balam. In fact, he
had recalled Megose who was pregnant with an evil god’s spawn, the
terrifying meteor that had crashed down from the sky, Cynthia who wanted
to bear a child for Admiral Amyrius, and the Rose School of Thought angel
and Numinous Episcopate monster who had collapsed the mountain outside
Bayam.
Compared to these, what had happened here was like a drizzle. He didn’t
even need to consider his own safety since there was Xio, Miss Magician,
and Hazel. He didn’t even take action besides dodging normally like any
experienced adventurer would do.
His focus was on whether this would result in a storm.
Macht sighed and nodded.
“I can tell that you’re very calm.
“I once doubted your experiences, but now I’m convinced.
“Alright, Dwayne. Let’s return home separately. Leave the rest to the
police. If there’s a need to take a statement, they will do it at your
residence.”
Klein nodded and said to Macht and family, “Be safe.”
Macht nodded seriously and sighed once again.
“Backlund’s social season has just begun, and this happened… Cherish the
peace we have now.”
Backlund’s social season is marked by the return of the House of Lords
Members of Parliament. It seems to have begun since last weekend… And
this week, two cases have happened consecutively. The harm dealt to Baron
Syndras, and the assault on Member of Parliament Macht… As he thought,
Klein didn’t stay put. He brought Richardson, who clearly looked a little
shaken, and walked towards his carriage.
When he got into it, he watched the scenery fly backward as he sighed and
half-closed his eyes.
He was presently unable to determine if the assault hadn’t involved
Beyonder powers, as everything that had happened could be done by
ordinary people. As for the middle-aged man, he had sufficient reason to do
so. This didn’t need deliberate fabricating, as Klein believed that in
Backlund, at present, there were more than one former factory owner or
employer that had lost their livelihood because of similar developments.
The only thing that felt questionable was that Macht was the target.
Although the House of Commons were the supporters, advocates of the
environmental measures, often making relevant speeches and are
interviewed by the papers, he wasn’t the most obvious target during the
passing of the bill. In comparison, there was a higher chance that members
of the National Atmospheric Pollution Council were picked as targets for
revenge.
Klein leaned on the carriage wall as he slowly opened his eyes. Seeing that
it was already dark and cloudy with rain already pattering down.
Once again, he realized how the maelstrom hidden beneath the seemingly-
calm Backlund surface was intensifying.
Reining in his thoughts, Klein raised his left palm and tapped his pocket.
In it was what he believed to be Frank Lee’s reply and some unknown
mushrooms.
Klein really yearned to return home to head above the gray fog and use the
newly received mushrooms to communicate with Creeping Hunger, doing
so to regain the use of the Sealed Artifact. With the storm already brewing,
he believed that there was a need for him to quickly be returned back to his
optimal combat strength. And in this aspect, Creeping Hunger was essential.
Unfortunately, he had two Beyonder bodyguards following him, so it was
best if he didn’t head above the gray fog for the time being.
I clearly don’t need any protection, but I spent a few hundred pounds to hire
two people to restrict my actions. How helpless I am as a tycoon… Klein
finally sighed inwardly as he raised the cup of black tea that had just been
prepared by Richardson.
He took a sip as his facial muscles tensed up before relaxing.
Klein looked down and discovered that there had been twice the number of
lemon slices in his black tea than usual.
He glanced at Richardson in an unnoticeable manner, and he saw that his
valet was in a daze, as though he was still lost in the horror of the assault.
As cowardly as usual… Klein commented inwardly as he placed the
porcelain cup on the table.
…
Late at night. 39 Böklund Street, Member of Parliament Macht’s house.
Hazel sat before her dressing table, looking at the gray rat sitting on a
powder box. After a long silence, she said, “Was my father wrong? The
matter he pushed for is clearly a good thing…”
“There is nothing that is beneficial to everyone. There will always be those
who benefit and those who suffer from it. At such times, a relevant bill or
plan requires thought, compensation, and aid. If your father had done them,
the problem isn’t his. Conversely, it also means he’s cold and ruthless,” the
rat said perfunctorily.
Hazel recalled for a few seconds and relaxed her expression.
“During dinner, I sensed that there was something very valuable hidden
inside the cupboard in the pantry, but when I later got an opportunity to
open it, there was nothing.”
The rat was taken aback as it said in thought, “Perhaps that was Dwayne
Dantès’s bodyguard.
“He was recently embroiled in a suicide case, and it’s said that it involves
Baron Syndras. Hiring a bodyguard to protect him in secret is normal.
“Hmm… The bodyguard inside the cupboard might also possess
supernatural powers, carrying mystical items with them. That’s why you
were able to sense it.”
Hazel nodded gently and accepted the explanation before subconsciously
muttering to herself, “I wonder what kinds of supernatural powers those
bodyguards have…”
After saying that, she swept the gray rat with a puzzled look.
“How do you know Dwayne Dantès was embroiled in a troublesome case?”
The rat squeaked.
“My present state is very suitable for me to eavesdrop into the
conversations of others.”
As it spoke, it looked in the direction of 160 Böklund Street, the glint in its
eyes shimmering.
…
Based on the sleeping rotation, Fors was asleep as she felt herself float to an
ancient and majestic castle. In it were all kinds of Beyonder ingredients and
mystical items. There were even two blurry tarot cards.
However, she didn’t take any of them away, as they were sealed by an
invisible forcefield.
Fors looked around in an attempt to find the means to remove the seal.
Finally, she saw a complicated symbol drawn at the top of the dome.
It was a symbol formed from “fate” and “concealment”!
If I find an item engraved with this symbol, I’ll be able to unseal some
treasure… Fors immediately came to a realization when she snapped
awake. She discovered that she had curled into a ball on the carpet in the
room. She had a thin silk blanket covering her. She and Xio didn’t dare
sleep in the reclining chair, afraid that Dwayne Dantès, who often sat in it,
would notice something different.
Rubbing the edges of her brows, Fors sat up and saw Xio having her back
to the wall of the master bedroom. She was seriously listening for any
stirrings.
As Fors walked to Xio, she said with a frown, “I feel that there is some
secret hidden here. I had a strange dream, dreaming of an exaggerated
treasure trove and a complicated symbol.”
As an Astrologer, she instinctively believed that there was a problem with
her dream!
Noticing the serious look on Fors’s face, Xio suppressed her words of doubt
and said after some thought, “Perhaps there really is some sort of secret. I
once heard a proverb regarding the mysterious world. It goes: ‘When a
Beyonder element is discovered somewhere, there must be a second one.’”
“Ignoring the butler who we can’t tell if he possesses Beyonder powers or
not, that Miss Hazel is someone with a Beyonder element. Around her, or
should I say, that this street, likely has a second one.” Fors nodded gently
before laughing. “However, it has nothing to do with us. We will receive
our remuneration tomorrow evening and terminate this bodyguard mission.
We will leave this place. The most pitiful of all is Dwayne Dantès. He’s
innocent and ordinary, but he ends up involved with troublesome matters
and Beyonder elements.”
Having said that, Fors looked and Xio and joked, “Quick, quickly wish him
that the Goddess would watch over him.
“I’m a believer of the God of Steam and Machinery. I won’t be able to do
so.”
Xio seriously considered for two seconds before drawing a crimson moon
on her chest, piously muttering, “May the Goddess bless Mr. Dwayne
Dantès.”
Fors was snapped out of her reverie as she covered her mouth and yawned.
“I’ll head out to patrol the building. It’s your turn to sleep after another
fifteen minutes.”
“Alright.” Xio was clearly more awake than Fors.
Fors immediately headed for the door and pressed on the wall with her
outstretched hand, arriving at the corridor.
She was just about to walk to the staircase when she sensed that there was a
slight stir coming from the room of Dwayne Dantès’s valet.
Fors’s eyes darted slightly as she cautiously headed over. She opened a
“tiny door” in the wall and peeped in.
She then saw Richardson jumping a crazy dance that had a tinge of mystery.
A spirit dance? Doesn’t this valet believe in the Evernight Goddess? He’s
secretly worshiping Death? Fors frowned as she watched Richardson finish
his spirit dance, softly praying for Death’s protection to help him avoid all
kinds of danger.
After everything came to an end, Fors tsked and shook her head. She
silently said to herself, What a pitiful man, Mr. Dantès.