Chapter 1124

: Enhanced Teammates
Hazel’s gaze instantly froze as she felt something rapidly expanding in her
mind. It was about to tear apart an invisible barrier and spew out.
She instinctively looked away and curled up slightly.
Then, she felt a ray of light shoot out from the depths of her heart,
exploding into countless memory fragments in her mind as it howled,
raging back and forth.
She suddenly remembered what had happened at home that day. She
recalled her father, mother, maid, and servants wearing monocles or
pinching their eye sockets. The indescribable horror was so vivid, as though
it had been carved into her bones.
The expression on Hazel’s face crumbled as she curled into a ball as she
trembled. The maidservant in the carriage was stunned as she hurriedly
stood up and reached out her hands in an attempt to help her up.
“No!” Hazel trembled as she shouted with a nearly sharp voice.
The maidservant was shocked and frightened. She stood rooted to the
ground, not knowing how to react.
After shouting, Hazel calmed down. She sat up and looked ahead in
extreme fear. She saw the monocled postman enter another street, leaving
only his back visible.
“I-I wasn’t feeling well just now. I’m feeling much better now,” Hazel
turned her head and barely said to the maidservant.
She realized that she wasn’t as afraid as she remembered. It was as if she
had already gotten used to the situation after some time.
If not, I might have lost control just now… Why would I use the word “lose
control”… Thankfully, I forgot those memories and didn’t do anything eye-
catching when I saw the postman. It took me ten seconds to break down. If
not, I might’ve been detected, and something terrifying might’ve
happened… Her thoughts flashed uncontrollably as her body trembled
slightly.
“Miss, do you need to go to the clinic?” the maidservant asked hurriedly.
Hazel instinctively shook her head as her mind turned chaotic as she
casually said, “Let’s go to the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation first. I
remember there’s a private clinic nearby.”
“Alright.” The maidservant turned around and instructed the coachman to
speed up.
Hazel kept taking deep breaths in an attempt to regulate her tense emotions,
panic, and fear.
It had to be said that it was somewhat effective. She seemed to have calmed
down a little instead of breaking down immediately.
At that moment, a sparrow had appeared above the carriage at some point in
time. It squeezed its right eye and spat out a human language with almost
no sound.
“She seems to have some unnecessary misunderstanding about me.
“It looks like T had some interactions with her before. Ah, she’s a resident
of Boklund Street. Interesting…”
Before long, the carriage arrived at Phelps Street. Seeing that the Loen
Charity Bursary Foundation wasn’t far away, Hazel suddenly said, “To the
cathedral.
“Turn towards Saint Samuel Cathedral first.”
“I want to pray.”
She wanted to tell the bishops what had happened that day and what she
saw today!
In the gap of the carriage, a black ant moved its feeler on its right and
whispered in a human voice, “Humans nowadays are really lacking in
creativity. They go to cathedrals at the first sight of problems. I thought I
would discover something if I followed her. Next time, I’ll steal the
cathedral in front of them.”
As he spoke, the other feeler of the ant moved as well.
Hazel immediately forgot what she had just said and what she had just
recalled. She had forgotten that she had met a postman wearing a monocle.
She got off the carriage at the entrance of the Loen Charity Bursary
Foundation and headed in with her maidservant in tow.
Clearly, her maidservant and her driver didn’t remember the previous order.
In the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation, Audrey welcomed Hazel and
brought her new friend into the activities needed to help the injured soldiers
at the front lines.
As The World Gehrman Sparrow had mentioned that the leader of the
Secret Order, Zaratul, and other angels were hidden in Backlund, Audrey
carefully gave up on the third stage of treatment for Hazel. She hoped that
Hazel wouldn’t recall what she had experienced for the time being to
prevent any accidents from happening.
Her current plan was to busy herself with charity work, helping others to
make Hazel gradually brighten up and strengthen her ability to withstand
the psychological trauma.
In the pirate’s free city, Fors was drinking a high concentration of fruit wine
that was locally produced, recording what she had heard and encountered
today.
Suddenly, her spiritual perception was triggered as she instinctively looked
to the side.
She immediately saw a figure appear in the void, quickly reforming. It was
Gehrman Sparrow in a half top hat, black trench coat, and a cold
expression.
With a swoosh, Fors stood up with her wine glass and fountain pen. She
subconsciously said, “Good afternoon, uh, Mr. Sparrow.”
As she spoke, she hurriedly placed the items on the table.
Klein pressed his top hat and looked around.
“Do you want to leave?”
Fors eyes darted to her sides before she said, “Alright.”
Over the past few days, she had already made preliminary records of the
traits of the city that were different from other places.
Without saying a word, Klein gestured at the items on the desk with his
chin, indicating for Miss Magician to quickly pack up.
Fors didn’t hesitate at all as she hurriedly organized her drafts, as though
she had heard an instruction.
As he stood there and watched the other party busy, he suddenly said,
“How’s the progress with the horror story?” Fors trembled indiscernibly
before replying, “Soon, soon.”
Klein gently nodded his head.
“How much longer?”
“A week—no, five days. Five days, tops,” Fors quickly replied.
Klein didn’t say anything else. After Fors packed up her drafts, fountain
pen, half a bottle of wine, and other memorabilia, he took two steps forward
and grabbed her shoulder.
Countless indescribable figures flashed past, and Fors felt a little more
relaxed than before. She even attempted to “Record” this “Travel.”
Before long, she returned to Backlund and returned to the alley where she
had disappeared from before. She heard The World Gehrman Sparrow say,
“Rest for a few days before setting off.
Take note of any replies. Also, ask your teacher again if there’s any
information related to the Blood Emperor Tudor, mainly about the various
ruins.”
“Alright.” Fors quickly agreed and thanked him.
AJFter separating from Gehrman Sparrow, she returned to a street in East
Borough and entered an apartment that she shared with Xio.
Xio put down the newspaper and looked at her friend.
“Was it effective?”
“Pretty good. I went to a free city belonging to the pirates this time…”
Before Fors could finish speaking, her expression changed slightly. “Give
me my coffee beans and cigarettes.”
“Why? Was it lacking there?” Xio asked in puzzlement.
Fors ran straight for the room inside and sat in front of the desk. She opened
her drafts and picked up a pen. Without looking back, she said, “For the
sake of the new book!
“Remember to make me coffee!”
Xio followed her to the bedroom door. When she heard that, she opened her
mouth but didn’t say anything.
In another spot in East Borough, in a rented apartment with a similar layout.
As Zaratul had already arrived in Backlund, it was unknown when Amon
would be “baited” over. The Red Angel evil spirit’s true motives were
unknown, and he was planning on preventing George III from becoming a
Black Emperor. On the one hand, Klein was trying his best to digest the
Bizarro Sorcerer potion, and on the other hand, he was making various
preparations.
At this moment, after handling The Magician, he opened up a piece of
paper and wrote:
“Dear Mr. Azik,
“I’ve recently learned quite a bit of ancient history. I believe you will be
very interested in it. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have chosen to be a history
teacher after losing your memories.
This history involves some concealed secrets, so it’s not convenient to
describe them in a letter. When you wake up, I will share it with you in
person…
“Also, I can create a charm called ‘Yesterday Once More.’ Once used, you
can find your past self through the Historical Void and borrow power from
‘Him.’
“This is actually not something worth paying attention to. What’s most
important is that you can retrieve your memories from your past self.
There’s no need to use decades to slowly awaken them. I believe you will
like it…
“I attached two with this letter. If you wake up, you can try their effects…
“I’m currently in an environment filled with undercurrents. If you come
over, please be careful. Please observe the situation in advance…
“…On the matter of George III advancing to a Black Emperor, I will try to
do something, but the chances of success are very slim…
“Finally, I wish you well. I also wish that you wake up soon. Your eternal
student, Klein Moretti.”
After folding the letter, Klein stuffed two Yesterday Once More charms into
the envelope.
Following that, he took out Azik’s copper whistle and blew it.
The huge skeleton messenger immediately emerged from the floor and
received the letter with his head at a height lower than Klein.
Klein nodded slightly and watched as the messenger disintegrated into
bones before disappearing.
After doing all of this, he used two fingers to pull out Will Auceptin’s paper
crane from his wallet. He wrote on it with a pencil:
“I have something to ask you.”
He placed the paper crane under his pillow and lay down on it. With the
help of “Cogitation,” he entered a deep sleep.
In the depths of the pitch-black sharp tower, Klein once again met Will
Auceptin, who was sitting in a black baby pram.
Without waiting for the other party to speak, he directly asked, “Do you
know who can provide the method needed to accommodate the
Uniqueness? What kind of price would it take?”
If the price is too high, then forget it… Klein added inwardly.
Will Auceptin, who was sucking on his thumb, was taken aback.
“You want to help me accommodate the Die of Probability?”
Klein nodded seriously and said, “Regardless of whether it’s a success or
not, we should try our best.”
Just as he finished speaking, Will Auceptin’s tears rolled down his cheeks.
The chubby baby pounded his hands to the side and cried sadly. He
whimpered and said, “It’s useless… It’s too late… I’ve already rebooted,
and I still have to spend at least twenty-two years growing before I can
accommodate the Uniqueness… Why didn’t you say that earlier…
“I’m really unlucky… It must’ve been that silly snake, Ouroboros, who
took too much of my luck…”