Chapter 1022

: 1022 Answer
1022 Answer
Amidst the violent hurricane, Viscount Stratford was like a helpless leaf that
was pitifully thrown about as though he could be torn to pieces at any
moment.
In this state, he couldn’t react at all, much less speak. All he could do was
rely on a Disciplinary Paladin’s powerful body to barely hold on, hoping
that he wouldn’t lose a limb or head inside this terrifying hurricane.
He originally believed that the hunt had succeeded and that Trissy’s capture
was at hand. Furthermore, he was extremely certain that his target didn’t
have helpers; hence, all his attention was focused on Shermane. To his
surprise, he suddenly became the prey and fell into a trap without any prior
warning.
Upon realizing that the hurricane was beginning to weaken and that he had
only suffered some damage from the impact and didn’t receive any fatal
wounds, Viscount Stratford hurriedly tried to regain control of his body in
preparation for the upcoming battle.
At that moment, he felt a stabbing pain in his head which felt as though a
sharp dagger had been impaled into it before being twisted a few times.
This feeling was something that Viscount Stratford felt was both familiar
and unfamiliar. This was because, although he had never experienced it
directly before, he had “attempted” it on several targets to observe their
reactions.
This was one of the Beyonder powers he was most proficient with!
Psychic Piercing!
Bang!
Upon being attacked, Viscount Stratford, who had failed to adjust his
physical state, slammed into the ground hard as the bronze cross loudly fell
several meters away.
Tap. Tap. Tap. Xio held Wintry Blade and took a huge stride, dashing
straight for Viscount Stratford who was struggling to get up.
As for Fors, she had already flipped through Leymano’s Travels and flipped
it open to a page that resembled a goatskin parchment.
As her fingers slid across the page, Viscount Stratford’s shadows, which
had surfaced once again, came to life, condensing into black chains that
wrapped around its target, binding him tightly.
Viscount Stratford, who had just managed to catch his breath and become
alert, still hadn’t had the opportunity to choose the target for his
“punishment” and apply certain restrictions when he once again lost his
freedom. Even his mouth was bound by a shadow chain.
Abyss Chains!
It was Abyss Chains from the Sanguine or Moon pathway’s Mid-Sequence
Beyonders!
Fors had used it once and was rather fond of this Beyonder power. She
found it very useful, so she had spent gold pounds to get Mr. Moon, who
had become a Viscount, to record it.
Bang!
At this moment, Viscount Stratford suddenly unleashed power that
surpassed his previous strength, tearing the shadow chains apart.
He had chosen the “bindings” restricting him to be the target of
punishment!
But at that moment, Xio had already rushed in front of him like a high-
speed train, thrusting that transparent triangular blade.
Amidst a splotching sound, the Wintry Blade stabbed into the target’s
abdomen.
Viscount Stratford’s body stiffened once again as his eyes glazed over as
though he had turned into an ice sculpture.
Xio released her hand and allowed Wintry Blade to remain stabbed into the
stomach of the captain of the royal guards, seemingly hoping that the wraith
which might’ve existed on the weapon would continue “Possessing” her
target and forcibly bring him under control.
Right on the heels of that, she swung her arm and slammed a punch right
below Viscount Stratford’s ear.
After two heavy blows, Viscount Stratford fainted without even letting out a
grunt. His stiff body collapsed once again.
After completing this strike, Xio left her back to Fors and immediately
moved past the staggering Viscount Stratford, who had Wintry Blade in his
stomach, and dashed to Sherman who remained sitting on a wooden crate.
Fors flipped through Leymano’s Travels once again, using other Beyonder
powers to add another layer of restrictions onto Viscount Stratford’s body.
Then, she walked out of the row of wooden crates she had been hiding
behind and first approached that bronze ancient cross.
The scene she saw made her suspect that it was an item at the demigod
level. In the parlance of official Beyonders, it was a Grade 1 Sealed
Artifact.
And with Viscount Stratford carrying and using it, she believed that the
negative effects of the cross weren’t that direct. She could attempt to pick it
up.
Of course, as a former Astrologer, Fors took out the pure crystal ball as she
walked, quickly doing a divination. “There are no problems…” Fors
glanced at the outcome and quickened her pace.
At this moment, Xio had already rushed in front of Sherman. Looking at
this friend who had turned rather beautiful, she was momentarily at a loss
for words.
To her, Sherman’s condition was in a terrible state.
This Demoness’s hair was floating up with each strand turning thick as if
they were tiny snakes.
On the ends of the “tiny snakes,” some had eyes or mouths. They appeared
extremely bizarre and terrifying.
On Sherman’s face, a black paint-like mysterious pattern suffused out of her
skin and was rapidly spreading across her body.
Her slightly vacant eyes quickly reflected Xio as she gradually recovered
her spirit and, along with that, also came a little confusion and pain.
She opened her mouth and stuttered, “Xio… I’m in so much pain…”
Xio’s vision instantly blurred.
Although she was still lacking in many of the details regarding the
mysterious world’s general knowledge—since the Tarot Club’s discussion
was just way over her head, and the information she got from MI9 was
mostly about secret organizations—she still knew quite a bit about losing
control. Among unaffiliated Beyonders, it was something that couldn’t be
avoided.
Therefore, Xio knew that Sherman was beginning to lose control. It was
irreversible, and the situation would only worsen.
Sherman seemed to sense her state as she gasped for breath, revealing a
weak smile. She said with difficulty, “Kill me… I’ve done… too many
unspeakable sins… I’ve also obtained… what I’ve wanted…”
Xio’s tears dripped down. Without hesitation, she flipped her hand, drawing
her backup weapon—an ordinary revolver. She then placed the revolver at
Sherman’s forehead.
Sherman smiled as a mesmerizing charm appeared in her eyes once again.
“Call me… Call me Shermane…”
“Shermane.” Xio couldn’t help but frown as tears brimmed in her eyes.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
She repeatedly pulled the trigger and fired the bullets inside.
Fresh flowers bloomed at once, red and beautiful.
Fors pursed her lips unknowingly when she saw this.
After two seconds, she let out a long sigh. She bent down and reached out
for the bronze cross.
Just as her fingers touched the item, it felt like she had touched fire. It was
hot and scalding, hot enough to burn the soul.
Fors instinctively retracted her hand, feeling alarmed and puzzled.
She remembered that Viscount Stratford had never acted in such a manner
before.
As her thoughts raced, Fors glanced at Viscount Stratford and kicked the
bronze cross towards the nearby Xio.
“Give it a try.
“Also, we have to leave immediately. The commotion from earlier will
definitely attract the official Beyonders! Also, who knows what the person
who left the ‘message’ will do!”
Xio, with her reddened-eyes, didn’t say a word. She bent down and picked
up the bronze cross. She didn’t feel any sense of discomfort the entire time.
Uh… Fors didn’t ask why as she walked to the stiff Viscount Stratford’s
body and warily looked around.
After Xio put away the bronze cross, she picked up Shermane’s corpse and
returned to Viscount Stratford’s side.
“That item is very precious. His status is also very important. We’ll
definitely be the targets of the royal family’s pursuit efforts. We need to do
some interference…” Fors looked down at Viscount Stratford as she
muttered to herself in thought.
She quickly made a decision. She raised her hands, lowered her head, and
began piously chanting Mr. Fool’s honorific name.
She didn’t believe that them giving up the bronze cross would stop the royal
family from pursuing them due to being perceived to have lower priority.
Therefore, without any hesitation, she prayed to Mr. Fool for help.
To her, sacrificing the item to Mr. Fool was better than staying there.
Almost at the same time, she saw a holy angel with twelve pairs of fiery
wings.
A phantom projected out of the angel as it descended from the sky,
wrapping her and Xio in layers of flaming wings.
Once this was over, Fors was just about to say something when she felt her
body quiver. She felt a particular sense of horror and evil permeate from the
void.
Her eyes focused as she didn’t hesitate to crouch down, reaching out her
hands and grabbing Xio and Viscount Stratford’s calf.
At the same time, the final dark green stone with burn marks on her bracelet
emitted a blue and illusory light.
In the blink of an eye, the bodies of Fors, Xio, Viscount Stratford, and
Shermane turned transparent as they vanished from the spot.
In seconds, they left the docks area and appeared on the outskirts of St.
George Borough.
During this process, Fors had even used her Beyonder power as a Scribe to
“RecordM”Traveling.M
After observing her surroundings and confirming that there was no one
around since they were in the forests, Fors released Xio and Viscount
Stratford and straightened her body.
With the blessings of Mr. Fool’s angel, there shouldn’t be much danger. The
person who “left the message” won’t be able to lock onto us. Fors heaved a
sigh of relief before saying with a lingering sense of fear, “The person who
descended upon us towards the end was definitely a saint. Thankfully, we
quickly escaped…”
Xio gently lowered Shermane’s corpse and said in thought, “If the person
who ‘left the message’ was monitoring Shermane, then she might’ve
already found out where we live. We can’t return there.”
“Yes, we need to change our residence,” Fors said with great experience.
Then, she cast her gaze at the unconscious Viscount Stratford. “You can
interrogate him now. Make every second count.”
As she spoke, she handed Leymano’s Travels to Xio and exhorted, “There’s
Telepathy on it and it’s used with candlelight. Also, start with the simple
and unimportant questions to lower his resistance.”
Xio received the spellbook with a solemn expression. However, her wrist
trembled, unable to hold Leymano’s Travels. Pa!
The bronze notebook dropped onto the ground as Xio said with a frown,
“It’s like fire…”
Fors had the same experience earlier, so after some thought, she said,
Throw that cross away and try again.”
Xio followed her suggestion and successfully picked up Leymano’s Travels.
“It cannot be held with other mystical items…” Fors said with a nod when
she saw this.
Xio didn’t harp on this problem as she quickly prepared a lit candle.
Then, she drew Wintry Blade and relieved Viscount Stratford from his stiff
and dazed state.
After the captain of the royal guards gradually awakened, she triggered the
corresponding page in the notebook. Viscount Stratford instantly fell into
confusion, and only the faint candlelight remained in his eyes.
“Why did Shermane try to approach you?” Xio asked the question she had
just thought of.
Viscount Stratford replied blankly, “She was investigating who I’m loyal
to.”
Xio was taken aback as she instinctively asked, “Who are you really loyal
to?”
Viscount Stratford slowly said, “His Majesty, of course.’