Chapter 1222

“Research Facility“
When he held the Staff of the Stars, Klein pulled out a gold coin out of thin
air with his other hand and flicked it.
As the gold coin tumbled, a revelation from his “divination” appeared in his
mind.
It was an extremely deep ravine. At the bottom of it was a thick and vast
building that was covered in layers of “grayish-white.”
Every detail was restored to the Chernobyl that Klein had seen at the
beginning. However, it didn’t originate from the spirit world, but from his
own subconscious.
Using the technique of dream divination, he reproduced the images he had
seen in his mind.
And the moment this scene was completed, the gems embedded in the Staff
of the Stars emitted a faint glow. It instantly vanished along with Klein’s
Historical Void projection and appeared above the grayish-white building.
In just a second, Klein returned from the easternmost front of the Forsaken
Land of the Gods to Chernobyl!
This was one of the main powers of the Staff of the Stars: if the
corresponding scene that surfaced in the mind of the wielder still existed in
the real world, then the Staff of the Stars could allow them to cross all
obstacles and distances, directly descending to their desired destination.
Of course, the prerequisite was that the outlined scene had to be absolutely
correct and not visually be any different from the original.
The reason why he chose the deep ravine where Chernobyl was located, and
not the grayish-yellow fog, was because he knew that the Giant King’s
youngest son, the God of Glory, Bladel, had perished after being freed from
the curse. The area would definitely experience major changes, and the only
thing that wasn’t affected was the mysterious Chernobyl, which was valued
by the ancient sun god and Amon.
This also didn’t mean that the deep ravine and grayish-white building
wouldn’t have any visible changes. In fact, Klein had already prepared
himself for the failure of his “Teleportation” attempt. After all, the person
performing it was fake, and the item in his hand was also fake. It wouldn’t
be a pity if he lost it.
In midair, Klein, with the Staff of the Stars in his hand, didn’t even have
time to examine his surroundings when his entire body suddenly sank and
plummeted downwards.
He didn’t wear Creeping Hunger, nor did he transform into an avian
creature. He was currently unable to fly.
Therefore, even though the demigods of the Seer pathway were bizarre and
terrifying, they actually had a human side to them.
As his thoughts raced, a Beyonder power appeared in his mind.
Following that, the Staff of the Stars lit up with different colors, causing the
surroundings to be filled with violent winds.
The wind swirled around him, causing his black trench coat to flap and his
body to slowly descend.
During this process, Klein’s right hand trembled, allowing the Staff of the
Stars’s historical projection to return to its normal location, doing so to
prevent accidents from happening to him because of him imagining certain
scenes.
Right on the heels of that, his left hand pressed down on the half top hat on
his head. Just as the lightning in the sky was about to pass, he pulled out a
lantern from the void.
Under the dim yellow light of the lantern, Klein stepped firmly onto the
ground beneath the deep ravine with his buckle-less leather shoes. The
endless darkness around him seemed to contain monsters.
He was standing in front of the “grayish-white” Chernobyl which was
formed in layers.
Under the synchronized effects of the lightning and the lantern in his hand,
Klein quickly discovered a situation.
There was no door to this thick and vast grayish-white building!
Hmm, every place is sealed… I remember that the ancient sun god had
opened an illusory crack on the grayish-white wall before coming out… As
if in thought, Klein found the spot in his memories and began chanting the
honorific name of The Fool.
At the easternmost front of the Forsaken Land of the Gods, by the solidified
fog near Moon City, Klein, who was hiding in the Historical Void,
immediately entered Sefirah Castle. With the help of the prayer light, he
used his “true vision” to scan the situation at Chernobyl.
In the deep ravine and desolate plains with remnant grayish-yellow fog,
there wasn’t a single Amon present.
As for Chernobyl itself, even with the “true vision” provided by Sefirah
Castle, it wasn’t enough for him to clearly see what was going on inside.
Underneath the layers and layers of “grayish-white,” there appeared to be
absolute nothingness, a space without any color.
Indeed it’s not simple… As expected of the place where the ancient sun god
—the City of Silver’s Creator—walked out of… After sighing inwardly, he
quickly left Sefirah Castle and returned to the historical fragment from
before the First Epoch.
Klein, who was standing outside of Chernobyl, regained consciousness. He
reached out his hand and took out Leymano’s Travels.
He quickly flipped to one of the pages and prepared to use the “Door
Opening” power of an Apprentice.
Such an action was actually a little rash for him, but considering that this
was just a projection in the Historical Void, he felt that there weren’t any
problems with that.
The Beyonders of the Seer pathway are indeed both cautious and reckless at
the same time. They’re careful when making preparations, but reckless after
making preparations. They show traits of caution and recklessness at the
same time… As he lampooned himself, Klein silently passed through the
obstacle and entered Chernobyl’s interior.
After “Door Opening” repeatedly, he finally left the “grayish-white”
buildings. He saw an ajar heavy metal door in front of him.
The metal door wasn’t very tall, only about 2.5 meters tall. It was obviously
prepared for humans.
In front of it, there were two pitch-black marks and two machine guns that
were more sci-fi than any weapon belonging to this era.
These two machine guns looked a little similar to the ones he had seen
when he was flipping through some magazines in his previous life.
However, he wasn’t a fan of such things, so he couldn’t be sure.
Klein didn’t pick them up or attempt to study them. His spiritual intuition
told him that the two firearm-like weapons had completely corroded. Any
contact with them would instantly cause them to disintegrate.
After taking a few looks, he dispelled Leymano’s Travels. With the lantern
in hand, he passed through two pitch-black marks and arrived behind the
metal door.
There was a wide aisle here, and on both sides were rooms of different
sizes. The tables and chairs inside were toppled, some were fine and others
were broken in half. The walls were covered with black streaks.
It looks like a research facility… Klein set off from the remnants and
overall layout, coming to a preliminary conclusion.
There was no need for him to deliberately search for anything. He quickly
found a room with a destroyed machine. There were a few pieces of paper
on the table that had a yellow tint to it.
It seemed like someone had casually placed it there after collecting it.
The ancient sun god or Amon? After hesitating for two seconds, he finally
stepped into the room.
The dim yellow light dispersed the darkness inside as he picked up the few
pieces of paper and quickly scanned them.
Ten seconds later, Klein put down the piece of paper and the corner of his
mouth twitched.
He didn’t recognize any of the words on those pages!
In my previous life, I only barely passed English, let alone other languages?
Klein suddenly felt the feelings of the other Beyonders in this world when
they read Roselle’s diary.
He slowly exhaled as he extended his hand into the void and took out an
item.
This was a translating device that Zhou Mingrui had bought before going
on a trip overseas which he had saved up for. When the luck enhancement
ritual was held, it was inside a computer bag by his side.
To him, the greatest advantage of this translating device was that it could do
offline translations—as long as it didn’t exceed the internally stored
database.
After fiddling with it, he finally understood what the few pages wrote:
…Research of the appearance of oil in a dried-up oil field… Why would
they need to build a research facility in such an unimaginable place for such
matters?
…God, what did they discover deep in the oil field…
…This is some amazing material…
…What exactly happened? The doctor turned into a puddle of black oil in
front of me!
…More and more people have turned into oil. This research facility has
been sealed from the outside… No one can leave. No one can leave…
…Mad, they’ve all gone mad. We’re still normal, but our food is almost
running out…
…I seem to be hearing things. There seems to be sounds coming from
underground. It’s summoning me. “He” is summoning me!
These lines of simple words sent a chill down Klein’s spine. He felt as
though he was walking towards madness and death.
At the same time, a thought naturally came to his mind:
The corruption that stems from underground.
The cause of all this was the unnecessary experiments involved after the
discovery of some strange material in a dried-up oil field? Then, the world
was destroyed? But if it was a disaster caused by such a coincidence, then
there’s no reason for me, Emperor Roselle, and the others to obtain items to
help us “transmigrate” ahead of time… Perhaps, there are chances amidst
inevitability, and in chance, there is inevitability? The underground
corruption has always been influencing the human world in an unobvious
manner. It can intermittently bring about certain mysterious events. Only
when the research facility probed deeper was “He” fully awakened? Klein
subconsciously swallowed a mouthful of saliva.
With the lantern in hand, he left the room and headed towards the depths of
the research facility. He also paid close attention to anything that was worth
paying attention to.
After walking for nearly a minute, his vision suddenly darkened.
More than half of the dim yellow light’s radiance was consumed by the area
ahead!
When he took a closer look, he realized that there was a cliff two steps
away from him.
That portion of the research facility had collapsed into the ground. It was
dark and empty, with no end to it.
Faintly, he seemed to hear a silent cry. It sounded in his mind from deep
underground.
This feeling was something Klein had experienced before—from behind the
bronze door in the Hall of Truth.
He frowned slightly and took a few steps back, prepared to dispel the
Historical Void projection at any moment.
At this moment, a palm that was so dry that it only had skin and bones stuck
out from the darkness, grabbing onto the edge of the cliff.
Then, a figure leaped out and landed in front of him.
He was wearing a pointed hat and a classic black robe. He had a monocle
on his right eye. It was none other than Angel of Time, Amon.
However, this Amon’s condition was very abnormal. It was like a skeleton
covered in a skin membrane.
Klein subconsciously took a few steps back and saw the flesh and blood of
the man before him rapidly fill up.
“He” adjusted “His” monocle said with a smile, “Ah, a visitor. I wasn’t
expecting that.
“And you are?”