Chapter 811

: The Picture in the Catacombs
After passing through the door opening and going underground, there
wasn’t a sliver of natural light in front of Klein and Alger. The ceiling was
intact, preventing any crimson moonlight from seeping in after penetrating
the mist.
Alger raised the lantern in his hand, lighting up the area up ahead with a
limited dim yellow glow.
Klein took a glance and discovered at least six stone statues of both sexes.
They were entirely grayish-white in color, and even their clothes looked
like they were engraved.
These stone statues included elves, giants, and humans that had an ancient
dress sense. Apart from their frozen expressions of pain and despair, there
wasn’t anything similar.
Klein felt a chill down his back when he saw their eyeballs watching him
without moving, having made the connection that they were once alive. He
felt that darkness ruled the depths of this passageway, as though a terrifying
monster had widened its mouth as it lay in wait for the two to walk into its
belly.
Reining in their stirring emotions, Klein and Alger remained silent as they
passed through the grayish-white statues with warped expression, and they
proceeded forward.
After walking for more than ten seconds, Klein didn’t need to use Senor’s
night vision to see the damaged and dark murals thanks to the lantern.
There were a few murals that were relatively intact, allowing them to
recognize what was being depicted. They were no doubt focused on the
cross that glowed and the grand figure that stood before it.
This blurry and solemn figure either faced cities that had been flooded,
stepped upon fractured lands, or looked up at the starry sky where it locked
eyes with the pairs of evil and maniacal eyes.
When the apocalypse happens, the ancient sun god will rescue the world?
This is somewhat similar to the murals that Little Sun and the others found
in the True Creator’s temple… Or perhaps it’s just plagiarism from both
sides, with no one giving up on working towards this goal. After all, it’s to
emphasize that “They” were once the messiah and a deity worthy of one’s
faith… Klein quickly swept his gaze across the wall as he slowly entered
the depths of the passageway.
Alger was also observing the damaged murals when he suddenly
suppressed his voice and said, “I suspect that the True—Fallen Creator’s
description of ‘Himself’ has references to some of the content here.”
Indeed, everyone has the same views… Klein lowered Death Knell and
chuckled.
“I won’t be surprised if we see matters related to the True Creator up
ahead.”
“That might be a particular connection between ‘Him’ and the Creator that
the City of Silver believes in.” Alger agreed with Gehrman Sparrow’s
judgment.
The duo continued ahead as they tried hard to soften their steps. However,
there were still some echoes that reverberated in that extremely silent
environment.
At this moment, Klein’s spiritual perception was triggered. He immediately
took two steps forward and put himself in front of Alger, blocking out most
of the lantern’s light.
Less than two seconds later, he heard a dull sound emitting from afar.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The ground shook gently as the sounds became clearer. Then, Klein saw a
figure nearly four meters tall walk out.
It was also grayish-white in color, with armor plating patterns engraved on
its body. Its head had goat horns and a mouth that resembled a hound’s. Its
half-opened mouth revealing snarling fangs.
And what attracted attention the most were its pair of eyes which burned
red and the six pairs of white-membraned wings.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The monster held an eight-meter-long stone trident as it slowly entered a
passageway. It shook the land with every step as its great weight was spread
out.
Although Klein hadn’t seen it before, he instantly recognized what it was.
It was a six-winged gargoyle!
Its core crystal was one of the main ingredients of a Marionettist, and the
Beyonder powers it possessed were extremely special and indefensible!
Based on its external build and from what it’s made of, it definitely has
extremely potent combat strength while not being afraid of most damage…
All it needs to cause terrifying damage is to storm over and perform a
downward smash with its stone trident… Klein relaxed his left hand and
wasn’t in a rush to react.
He and Alger remained on the spot, one using his body, and the other using
his clothes to conceal the lantern’s light.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The six-winged gargoyle didn’t look towards the duo, and it instead passed
through the passageway, its footsteps slowly distancing themselves from
them.
Indeed, it’s not very perceptive… It’s no wonder Qilangos was able to
venture deep down and return safely… Klein proceeded forward again
when the footsteps were undetectable as he went past the crossroads.
In fact, with his current strength and gear, and his understanding of his
target, killing a six-winged gargoyle wasn’t something too dangerous.
Furthermore, The Hanged Man could provide him with help. The reason
why he gave up attacking it was because he had no idea how many six-
winged gargoyles there were in the catacombs. Once a battle ensued, any
large commotion could result in them swarming over. When that happened,
they could only escape using Traveling. In addition, if they were to stir the
existence in the ruins that even nearby Beyonder creatures were afraid of,
the problem would only worsen.
Curbing one’s greed was a premise for a risky exploration.
Alger was also rather pleased at the crazy adventurer’s calm and rational
actions. His suspicion was that Gehrman Sparrow was under the orders of
Mr. Fool; thus, resisting his urge to attack the six-winged gargoyle.
The calmer he appears, the crazier he will be when he encounters his true
target… As this thought flashed in Alger’s mind, he followed Gehrman
Sparrow straight down the crossroads.
The murals on both sides remained damaged, and they were still describing
the greatness and holiness of the ancient sun god.
Finally, Klein and Alger arrived at the ends of the passageway. Here, there
was an eight-meter-tall stone double door. It depicted various symbols of
death, sleep, end, new birth, and beginnings.
“A tomb?” Klein turned to say to Alger.
Alger nodded and said, “It might also be a temple.”
Clearly, he was also wondering if it was both a temple and tomb.
The grayish-white stone door before the duo wasn’t shut completely. It was
cracked open with a tiny gap that allowed a child passage. Alger glanced at
the floor and walked over. Putting the lantern down and securing his dagger,
he pressed his hands onto one side of the door.
He slowly drew a breath as he bent his knees, his arm muscles swelling
suddenly.
Silently, the gap widened significantly.
Klein pricked up his brows when he saw this scene, feeling somewhat
astonished because The Hanged Man’s pushing of the door didn’t produce
any sound at all.
He didn’t doubt an Ocean Songster’s strength, but he didn’t believe that it
could prevent the stone door from making contact with the ground.
As he moved his gaze down, Klein saw a pool of slightly sticky liquid
gathered under the door.
He quietly produced a lubricant effect… Mr. Hanged Man is very
meticulous… Is this the power of a Seafarer or an Ocean Songster? Hmm,
he probably also used the powers of a Wind-blessed to control an air
cushion; thus, resulting in this door silently opening… Klein roughly
figured out the reason.
Although he approached the stone door, he wasn’t eager to enter it. Through
the widened gap, he observed the scene inside.
Reflected in the eyes of the Wraith was the corner of the room where there
was a row of grayish-white stone coffins.
It is indeed a catacomb… As for whether it’s also a temple, it’s an unknown
for now… As Klein thought, he took out Leymano’s Travels with his left
hand. On it were Beyonder powers that were suitable to handle matters
related to the Death domain.
Meanwhile, he used a silver dagger to quickly create a wall of spirituality
and sealed the iron cigar case to prevent Azik’s copper whistle from causing
the dead to rise from their graves.
Alger also drew his dagger again and placed his left palm over it before
sliding his palm outwards.
Amidst light crackling sounds, the dagger swirled with silver bolts of
lightning that snaked outwards.
Having made their preparations, Klein, who was acting as the crazy
adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow, was first to pass through the door and into
the tomb.
Of course, Wraith Senor had already acted as a scout by circling the tomb
before he entered.
To a Marionettist, there was no need to take risks on many matters once
they had a marionette!
The tomb’s ceiling was soaked with water droplets, a clear indication of the
humidity. The room was divided into two regions that each had twelve
grayish-white stone coffins. In the middle was a circular region where there
appeared to be a beautiful and complicate picture placed on the ground.
Klein didn’t approach it as he stopped Alger. Then, he controlled Senor to
appear as it quickly floated to a spot above the circular region.
Admiral of Blood… Alger’s facial muscles twitched.
Although he had already guessed so, he couldn’t stop his subconscious
reactions when he saw it with his own eyes.
At this moment, Senor descended and was able to fully take in the scene in
the central region.
The picture had dark, dull colors with the background being filled with
blurry figures. In the foreground was a long table.
On the table was a figure with a resplendent cross glowing from it, and
surrounding the figure were three people shrouded in shadows.
One was handsome and youthful, another solemn and bold, and the last
looking wise with his white beard. The three pairs of eyes exuded an
indescribable sense of evil, just like the actions of their owners.
One of them had ripped off the figure’s arm, stuffing it into their mouths,
and gnawing at it as blood was filling his mouth. Another held up a brain
and sucked at its juices, while the last had dug out a beating heart, chewing
at it in a ravenous manner.
In contrast to them, in the figure’s chest was a long and wide crack. Sitting
cross-legged in there was a dark and sinister infant who was masticating on
the intestines that had fresh blood gushing down.
These four entities seemed to sense someone prying into their act as they
looked up in unison, as though they were staring at any being that placed
their eyes on the picture!