Chapter 482

: Ring out the Old, Ring in the New
Morning of the 31st December, at the Harvest Church south of the Bridge.
Emlyn White stood in a kitchen wearing his priest robes, occasionally
tossing different herbs into a large iron pot and stirring them to a certain
extent.
After all the pre-prepared ingredients were tossed in, he waited patiently for
another ten minutes. Then, he scooped up the ink-black liquid with a metal
ladle and poured it into a glass cup and glass bottle beside him.
48, 49, 50… Emlyn glanced at the empty pot and counted the medicine he
had brewed.
After confirming the quantity, he picked up a large tray and brought the
bottles of dark green liquid to the hall.
In the hall, more than half of the pews had been removed, and the floor was
covered with tattered blankets. Lying within them were victims of the
plague who were either in deep sleep or groaning in pain.
Emlyn and Father Utravsky worked together, each carrying some of the
medicine, distributing it from two ends.
The first person in the queue was a middle-aged man with a sallow
complexion. He hurriedly propped himself up halfway, received the
medicine, and drank it.
He handed back the bottle and said to Emlyn in gratitude, “Father White,
thank you very much. I feel much better and have some strength again!”
Emlyn lifted his chin and replied disdainfully, “This is only an extremely
trivial matter that isn’t worth being grateful for. All of you are truly
ignorant.”
With that, he sped up the distribution of the potions.
After ten minutes or so, he returned to the altar of Earth Mother and
complained to Father Utravsky, “You should get two more volunteers!”
Father Utravsky didn’t respond. He looked at the patients and said with a
gentle smile, “They should be completely healed in two or three days.”
“How do you know?” Emlyn turned his head in surprise.
Father Utravsky looked down at him benevolently and said, “Herbal
medicine is one of the domains of the Earth Mother. As ‘Her’ believer, I do
know some of the basics even if I’m not part of the Earth pathway.”
Emlyn tsked.
“I’m not interested in religion and know little about it.”
Although I’ve been copying Earth Mother’s bible in the recent months… he
inwardly added in a slightly resentful tone before saying, “Father, I didn’t
expect you to accept nonbelievers in the faith. Among them, only two or
three of them are believers of the Earth Mother.”
Father Utravsky smiled without minding what he said.
“They are also lives, innocent lives.”
Emlyn paused for a few seconds, exhaled, and said, “Father, I’ve already
found a way to resolve the psychological cue. Perhaps I will leave this place
soon.”
Wait, why did I mention this? I was actually moved by him. What if he locks
me up in the basement again? Emlyn suddenly turned nervous.
Father Utravsky’s expression remained unchanged as he looked down and
said to Emlyn, “Actually, you didn’t need to seek out solutions. In a little
while, the psychological cue will be automatically removed, and you will be
free to choose whether to come to the cathedral.”
“Any longer and I would’ve become the Mother’s, no—Earth Mother’s
devout believer!” Emlyn blurted out.
Father Utravsky raised an eyebrow and said, feeling somewhat surprised, “I
didn’t compel you to change your faith.
“The psychological cue I left in you was for you to return to the cathedral
every day, hoping that you would be able to fully appreciate the value of
life and the joy of a harvest.”
“The only effect of the psychological cue was to make me return to the
cathedral?” Emlyn’s expression instantly froze.
Father Utravsky nodded frankly.
“Yes.”
“…”
Emlyn’s mouth gaped as he slowly and mechanically turned his head to
look back at the altar, looking at the Earth Mother’s Sacred Emblem of Life,
as if he had become a puppet that very instant.
…
In the evening of the 31st December. 2 Daffodil Street, Tingen City.
Benson entered the house, took off his hat and coat, and chuckled.
“I’ve booked second class tickets for the steam locomotive to Backlund on
3rd January.”
Melissa, who was sitting in the dining room with several newspapers in
front of her, worriedly said, “Benson, the air in Backlund is terrible. Tens of
thousands of people have died from the poison and diseases caused by the
smog a few days ago…”
“It’s a sad and regretful matter.” Benson walked to the dining room, sighed,
and said, “But the two Houses have already passed the report submitted by
the National Atmospheric Pollution Council. There will be legislation to
regulate the emission of smoke and wastewater, so a new Backlund will
welcome us. You don’t have to worry too much.”
Having said that, he smiled mockingly.
“When I came back from Iron Cross Street, I found a lot of factory owners
or their employees from Backlund recruiting people. They said that due to
the smog and plague, the factories there are suffering a shortage in
manpower, so they’re willing to promise that the working hours and
minimum wage will be much better than the current standard, heh heh.”
“You think it’s impossible?” Melissa asked.
“When more and more people flock to Backlund, it will be impossible
unless both Houses pass the corresponding laws directly.” Benson spread
his hands and pointed to the table. “Well, it’s time to receive the new year.”
There were three sets of forks and knives, three empty porcelain plates and
three cups on the table.
Three cups. One for beer, two for ginger beer.
…
In the evening of 31st December.
Dressed to the nines, Audrey stood inside a lounge, waiting for the start of
the New Year’s Party. However, one couldn’t see the excitement,
exuberance, and joy on her face despite the fact that she was about to
become an adult.
In front of her was a newspaper. On it was written:
“… According to preliminary estimates, a total of over 21,000 people died
in the fog, and the subsequent plague took the lives of close to 40,000
people. Among the deceased were young children, healthy young men, and
women…”
Phew. Audrey couldn’t help but close her eyes.
Just then, her father, Earl Hall, and her mother, Lady Caitlyn, knocked on
the door and said in unison, “Your beauty surpasses everyone tonight.
Darling, it’s time. The queen is waiting for you.”
Audrey slowly breathed out and wore an elegant and beautiful smile. She
then walked out of the lounge and entered the party’s hall, under the
company of her parents.
She walked all the way up to the front of the dais and, under the gaze of
many, handed her white, muslin-gloved hand to the queen.
The queen led her to the edge of the dais as they faced all the guests.
After a short pause, the queen smiled and said, “Although this is a dark
period in Backlund’s history, we still have a gem that can illuminate the
entire city. Her wisdom, her beauty, her character, her etiquette, are all
impeccable.
“Today, I will formally introduce her to you.
“Lady Audrey Hall.”
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Outside the window, the fireworks exploded into a dreamy light.
On the last night of 1349, Audrey officially came of age and was presented
to society.
…
In the afternoon of 3rd January 1350.
On the outskirts of East Borough, in a newly opened cemetery.
Using divination, Klein found the graves of Old Kohler and Liv.
This wasn’t a grave in the truest sense of the word, but rather a niche where
an urn was stored. They went on, row after row, stacked one above another.
Standing there, Klein saw that not only was there no photograph or epitaph
on Old Kohler’s niche, but even his name was missing.
Similar situations weren’t uncommon. There were too many ownerless
ashes whose relatives and friends couldn’t be located. Their names, looks,
and whatever experiences they had were unknown, nor did they garner the
interest of anyone. They were only distinguished by the numbers on the
niches.
Klein closed his eyes, pulled out a slip of paper, shook it into a piece of
metal, and carved a word on the niche’s door: “Kohler.”
Then, he added an epitaph: “He was a good worker. He had a wife, a son,
and a daughter. He worked hard to live.”
He withdrew his wrist, and with a shake of his wrist, the black-haired,
brown-eyed, and emaciated Klein let the paper burn in his hands, as if it
was a memorial service to all the souls residing in the area.
Instead of appearing to help Daisy, who had lost her mother and sister, he
anonymously wrote to Reporter Mike Joseph, describing the girl’s
predicament in detail, so as not to implicate her in his own affairs.
Mike had met Daisy, knew about her, and had enthusiastically promoted the
establishment of a corresponding charity fund. Therefore, Klein believed
that he could help her receive more help so that she could complete her
basic studies and find a stable job that could support her.
Taking two steps back, Klein looked around, taking in the names, photos,
and even the victims who had those missing.
He raised his head, let out a long breath, turned around, and left the
cemetery.
On the steam locomotive to Backlund, Melissa was engrossed in her
textbooks, and Benson was soon chatting with the passengers around him.
“It’s too expensive, just too expensive. A whole ten soli, half a pound!” A
burly man who wasn’t even thirty sighed from the bottom of his heart. “If it
weren’t for the fact that I couldn’t buy a third-class seat or a boat ticket
recently, I wouldn’t have spent this money at all. This is equivalent to half a
week’s worth of my salary!”
“Indeed, there are too many people heading to Backlund after the new
year,” Benson agreed.
The burly man wiped off his heartbroken expression and said expectantly,
“Because they promised me 21 soli a week and that I wouldn’t need to work
more than 12 hours a day, we signed a contract!
“When I receive my first payment and rent a house, my wife will come to
Backlund, and she’ll be able to get a good job, a job that pays about 12 or
13 soli a week. It’s said that Backlund is in dire need of people! When the
time comes, ah, we’ll earn a total of over a pound and a half a week, and
we’ll be able to eat meat frequently!”
“Your wish will definitely be achieved. The king has already signed the bill,
passing the law for a minimum wage and maximum working hours,”
Benson sincerely wished him well before smiling. “This is the Land of
Hope.”
Woo!
The steam locomotive brought countless hopeful people to Backlund. The
sky was still bright, and the fog in the air had thinned a lot. The gas lamps
on the platform were no longer lit that early.
Experienced, Benson protected his sister and wallet before leaving the
station with their suitcases while following the crowd.
Suddenly, they simultaneously felt a gaze sweep past them.
Tracing the gaze, Benson and Melissa saw a young gentleman with neat
black hair and dark brown eyes.
The gentleman with the gold-rimmed glasses pressed his hat and looked
past them into the distance.
Benson and Melissa also looked away and cast their gaze to the smoky
pillars in the garden in the middle of the street as they looked forward to
seeing the underground transportation system in Backlund.
Carrying his suitcase with an expressionless look, Klein walked past them
with his body kept straight. He entered the departure station, facing the
mass of people pouring into the Land of Hope, people filled with wonderful
hopes in their hearts.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
(End of the Second Volume—Faceless)