Chapter 236

: Internal Commission
As Klein’s knowledge of mysticism and Beyonders deepened, as well as his
experiments with some of the powers of the space above the gray fog, he no
longer felt anxious when facing Justice, The Hanged Man, and The Sun. He
became less preoccupied with maintaining an enigmatic and unfathomable
image so as to prevent the Tarot Club members from keenly noticing his
facade.
He now knew that although the deities in this world were powerful and
bizarre, they were by no means omniscient and omnipotent. This
description was something that only the legendary Creator of everything
could do, one that only the City of Silver was still worshiping.
The deities had their limitations, and the deities could also be put into tough
situations. That was something Klein could now confirm. Be it The Book of
Storms or The Revelation of Evernight, they more or less touched upon this.
Therefore, at the recent Tarot Gathering, Klein was consciously building
“character traits,” slowly shaping himself into a restricted powerhouse who,
for some reason, couldn’t move freely but was almost a deity.
This way, even if he occasionally showed that he didn’t understand certain
things and occasionally asked for help, it wouldn’t arouse the suspicion of
the Tarot Club members.
Of course, the premise of all this was that, through his previous attempts
and through the power displayed by his “adorer,” Azik, he had undoubtedly
embedded the image of a deity-like existence into the minds of Justice, The
Hanged Man, and The Sun.
Phew, I hope that this building of character traits will succeed. That way, I
won’t have to worry about not being able to answer their questions in the
future… Of course, things that are part of “general knowledge” still have to
be known, and I shouldn’t show fear… Klein tapped the edge of the ancient
table and said with a chuckle, “I want to issue a mission.”
Mission? Audrey’s ears pricked up slightly as her eyes widened. She was
astonished, expectant, and perturbed at the same time.
She clearly remembered that this was the first time that Mr. Fool had
officially issued a mission!
Although “He” had previously made a few requests, they all involved
prepaid rewards. It seemed like “He” had randomly selected missions to
conform to the principle of equal exchange… This time, He used the word
“issue”… As a Telepathist, Audrey was already very good at reading the
hidden meanings behind words.
At the same time, she keenly realized that although The Hanged Man
appeared to remain unperturbed, he was actually abnormally tense. As for
The Sun, he seemed to be muddle-headed, treating this as a very normal
thing.
“You can choose to accept it or not.” With the help of his Clown’s powers,
Klein’s tone sounded much more relaxed. “Another adorer of mine has
arrived in Backlund. He wants to finish a matter, but it’s not convenient for
him to show himself.”
Another adorer… The Hanged Man nodded, seemingly in thought. He
wasn’t surprised at all.
In his eyes, for a powerful godlike existence like Mr. Fool, possessing many
adorers was a matter of fact.
I wonder what the Sequence number of Mr. Fool’s adorer is… Well, I still
owe “His” previous adorer a reward… Even though Mr. Fool’s reward was
paid by Mr. Hanged Man, and “He” doesn’t really care about money, I did
pray for help at that time. Furthermore, Rear Admiral Hurricane was killed
by that adorer…”His” adorer would still need some funds for their
activities… Audrey thought with some guilt.
Frankly speaking, thirty thousand gold pounds and a large plantation was an
enormous amount of wealth to her, but that alone didn’t have any
significant effect on her life.
It’s good having it, but it didn’t matter if I didn’t. Well, I might feel the pinch
a little…Audrey nodded to herself earnestly.
As a teenage girl who wasn’t considered an adult yet, ignoring the large
plantation, she actually didn’t have absolute control over the remaining
thirty thousand pounds. She could only go with her father’s arrangements,
purchasing some stocks from Backlund Munitions Corporation and invest
in a company that was attempting to spinoff some of the technology in
ironclad warships for commercial ships.
The amount she ultimately received and could be used as an allowance was
only 5000 pounds. However, her fixed annuity had increased by at least
2000 pounds from its original range of 15,000 to 25,000 pounds.
Seeing that Justice and the others hadn’t spoken, Klein issued the mission.
“The task he wants to be completed is the assassination of the Intis
Republic ambassador to the Loen Kingdom, Bakerland Jean Madan.”
“Assassinate the Intis Republic’s ambassador!?” Audrey lost her composure
as she asked in surprise.
This would cause conflict between the two countries and might even be an
act of war! As a qualified aristocratic lady, her first thought was about
international foreign affairs.
As for why Mr. Fool didn’t do so himself, she found the answer obvious.
Which mighty figure would always be helping their subordinates?
After the Kingdom suffered defeat at the east coast of Balam, the King
didn’t personally set off. At most, the general would be replaced and new
troops deployed.
Hmm, rumor has it that His Majesty wanted to set off for the frontline, but
was stopped by the nobles and officials…
Alger was only mildly surprised by the task; his focus was on another
matter.
Mr. Fool is indeed unable to strongly interfere with the real world… My
guess is right… I wonder to what extent can “He” influence us after
establishing our connection… Can “He” easily take one’s life away? Alger,
a little pleased with himself, began to let his thoughts wander.
Derrick blanked out listening to the conversation.
What’s the Intis Republic? What’s an ambassador? These words sound so
strange in Jotun!
Klein swept his gaze around and maintained his casual attitude.
“Which one of you is willing to accept this mission?
“What kind of reward do you want?”
Eh… I can’t convince myself to kill an innocent man for no reason. And it
could very well lead to a disaster, a disaster caused by war… Audrey, who
wanted to raise her hand, hesitated.
Just then, The Hanged Man chuckled and said, “I’ve heard that this
Ambassador Bakerland is also the intelligence chief of the Intis Republic in
the Kingdom. He secretly supports bloodshed, planned a number of
incidents that destroyed the relationship between the nobility and the rich,
and spread rumors to incite the public into standing against the
government.”
He seemed to notice the hesitation in Justice, so he described the dark side
of Bakerland in detail.
Then, he added, “I’m not sure if the ambassador is a Beyonder, but there are
many clues that suggest he may very well be.
“He has quite a number of Beyonders around him, Beyonders that come
under the Intis intelligence web. And this department is influenced by the
original royal family in Intis, the Sauron family. They’re in control of the
early Sequences of the Hunter pathway.
“Moreover, the possibility of a war between the two countries depends only
on whether or not the upper echelons of both sides want to fight. It has
nothing to do with the life or death of a diplomat.”
After the assassination of Emperor Roselle, Intis suffered several great
shocks but ultimately managed to maintain a stable republican system.
Because the Sauron family suffered a brutal blow during Roselle’s reign,
their strength fell tremendously in all aspects. All they could do was accept
the reality and change their goal to fighting for a seat in parliament and
secretly influence the country’s intelligence department and parts of the
army.
After listening to the information provided by The Hanged Man, the
hesitation in Audrey’s heart disappeared. She gracefully nodded and said,
“For the past few years, the Feysac Empire has expanded rapidly, having
defeated the Kingdom and the Intis Republic on the Balam east coast and
the Highlands. As long as we push the blame to them, the higher-ups and
the citizens of the Intis Empire, it will be something acceptable and
believable.”
Audrey didn’t know much about politics, but with her father being a
Member of Parliament in the House of Lords, she still knew certain things.
Be it the shirking of responsibility or shifting the focus onto the Kingdom’s
internal problems, the unpopular northern barbarians were the popular and
easiest targets for the nobles and ministers.
Whether they did it or not didn’t matter.
Of course, more than a hundred years ago, this role was played by Intis and
Roselle.
After pondering for a few seconds, Audrey looked at the seat of honor,
feeling a little perturbed and a little guilty.
“Mr. Fool, I can attempt to complete this mission, but I cannot guarantee its
success.”
On the one hand, she was going to find her father and confirm that
Ambassador Bakerland was really the head of the Intis intelligence service.
On the other hand, she wasn’t going to do it herself either. As a Spectator or
a Telepathist, neither one of them was good at combat, and all she could do
was gather as much information about Ambassador Backlund from high
society as she could and delegate the mission.
Well, I could get Xio and Fors to ask Mr. A to do it… Or find the hosts of the
other Beyonder circles… I cannot be exposed. Things have to be kept secret,
and there might be Intis intelligence agents lurking in those circles. I don’t
know how much money I’ll have to pay, but 5000 pounds might not be
enough… Audrey was already beginning to think of the subsequent plans.
Klein didn’t pin his hopes on Sequence 8—Miss Justice—to succeed. He
nodded and said, “What compensation would you like?”
“The formula to the Psychiatrist potion,” Audrey said before hesitantly
adding, “as well as the corresponding Beyonder ingredients. Oh, we can
wait until the mission is completed before discussing further. If it doesn’t
succeed, I’ll bear the expenses. I-I still ow-owe your adorer the bounty
money.”
Bounty money? So it was given to Miss Justice… 10,000 pounds. That’s
5000 if we split it equally… Shrouded in the gray fog, Klein pondered for a
few seconds on how much Ambassador Bakerland was worth and finally
decided that he was definitely more valuable than Rear Admiral Hurricane
Qilangos.
“Sure,” Klein replied in a normal tone.
At this moment, The Hanged Man Alger added, “I’ll also accept this
mission. The compensation can be determined after the mission is
completed.”
“Didn’t you return to the sea?” Audrey asked in surprise.
“Just because I’m not in Backlund doesn’t mean I can’t kill Ambassador
Bakerland,” Alger said with a smile without giving any detailed
explanations.
Derrick, who was beside him, never had the chance to join in on the
conversation.
Klein nodded in agreement.
“Okay.”
He immediately turned his gaze to the Roselle diary in his hands.