Chapter 926

Spiraling City
I really do feel a little irascible, but I’m not that quick-tempered… Wearing
the papal tiara and dark blue robes while wielding the Sea God Scepter,
Klein seriously observed his new state.
This meant that the Tyrant card could suppress the negative effects of the
Sea God Scepter to a certain extent, but it wasn’t able to completely
eliminate it.
Using Cogitation, Klein composed himself and turned to look at the junk
pile in the corner.
Groselle’s Travels? This is my strongest defensive item to this day. Besides,
it also has some magical uses, but the problem is that it was made by
another ancient god, Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt. Based on what Little
Sun said, this dragon king was once allies with the owner of Calderón City-
Ancient Death, Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace. Who knows if this book would
trigger any unnecessary developments… To be safe, it’s best if I don’t bring
it.
And just like Azik’s copper whistle, the mutated paper figurine can’t be
included. It has the remnant aura of Artificial Death… This might have a
shock-and-awe effect when exploring Calderón City, but it also contains
plenty of latent risks.
The Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic? This can effectively restrain
dead spirits, a natural nemesis for the City of the Dead, but it’s only an
ingredient that hasn’t been made into a mystical item. The effects it has is
rather limited. The negative effects are extremely bad. It won’t be helpful to
my soul state. In addition, lightning can also purify the dead. With the Sea
God Scepter and Word of the Sea, there’s no need for me to bring the Priest
of Light Beyonder characteristic… Thoughts flashed across Klein’s mind as
he eliminated the remaining items in the junk pile.
He wore the human-skinned glove on his left hand, wielded Sea God
Scepter, and raised his right hand slightly. He made Word of the Sea fly up
and land in his palm.
Following that, the papal-dressed Klein changed the appearance of his soul.
He hid his facial features within the shadows of the papal tiara.
He slowly stood up as the dark blue robes fluttered in the wind, the white
bone scepter dazzling.
With just one step, Tyrant Klein passed through the Door of Summoning
and walked out of the candlelight, arriving in the real world. He found
himself in the rather spacious bathroom.
After adding the Fate Siphon charm and Death Knell into his body, he
opened the door and returned to the living room. He got Enzo to come over
to receive Word of the Sea.
After some thought, Klein took out Death Knell and handed it to Admiral
Hell Ludwell.
After doing all of this, he brought his two marionettes and relied on
Traveling to head for the coordinates in the spirit world that were provided
by Miss Magician.
The trip happened rather smoothly. The Tyrant aura made all kinds of
strange spirit world creatures not dare to approach him while en route. They
didn’t even dare look at him directly. Before long, Klein arrived at his
destination.
The scene in front of him looked no different from anywhere else in the
spirit world. The saturated colors were overlapped, and there was some thin
fog emanating everywhere. Elsewhere, in the depths, pairs of eyes moved
away one after another.
The papal robe’s cape fluttered gently in the wind as Klein did a rough scan
before getting Enzo and Ludwell to enter a blob of fog that appeared very
thin and normal.
Suddenly, his field of vision widened with the help of his two marionettes.
A grand city that was of legendary proportions appeared in his eyes. This
city was abnormal. It didn’t develop in a vertical manner, but instead
spiraled deep into the ground. It gave one the feeling of an inverted
mausoleum.
Its buildings had a myriad of styles, but they were equally strange. Some of
them had towering pale-white rock columns with a huge single house
carved out at the top. Some were long and squarish, with the doors placed at
the ceiling with no windows in sight. Some were built in the ground, a
tombstone erected at their entrances. Some were built with white bones,
messy and scattered.
The closer it was to the bottom of the pit, the more completely preserved
the buildings were. The closer they were to the top, the more collapsed
areas there were, ones filled with the dilapidation and rot that time brought.
Klein made his two marionettes stop. Despite standing at the edge of the
city and overlooking everything, he was unable to identify what was at the
bottom of the building. Deep darkness enveloped the area as though no light
had been shone inside for thousands and thousands of years.
After a brief observation, Enzo lowered his head and chanted using ancient
Hermes:
“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era.
“The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.
“The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck…”
Just as he finished the statement, Klein, who was still situated outside
Calderón City, heard stacked illusory pleas. He also recognized it to be
from a man with a deliberately hoarse voice.
It’s the marionette’s prayer from before… Klein heaved a sigh of relief as
he silently muttered, “This means that Calderón City doesn’t screen out the
gray fog. At the very least, the outer periphery doesn’t. I can enter.”
Although he said that to himself, he was in no way in a hurry. He
subsequently controlled Ludwell to raise his left palm and spread it open.
Illusory light was suddenly emitted. Following that, with a point as its
origin, the area imploded, forming a pair of double bronze doors.
This door was slightly blurry and extremely incorporeal. The surface was
covered with countless mysterious patterns that gave one the feeling of
indescribable heaviness and silence.
With a creak, the mysterious bronze door shifted backward and cracked
open a little.
Through this crack, Klein saw the deepest and heaviest darkness.
Amidst the darkness, pale-white colors stirred, swirling up at times and
descending at other times. It was like a river that was gushing through a
night devoid of light.
On its two sides, pale white stone columns appeared, looking extremely
identical to Calderón City’s interior but in a more exaggerated manner.
At this moment, pairs of transparent eyes and indescribable faces suddenly
appeared. They filled the illusory bronze door’s crack, eagerly trying to
pass through
Klein’s eyes felt a slight stabbing pain as he immediately made Ludwell
clench his left palm.
Thud!
The illusory door covered in mysterious patterns was pushed by an invisible
force as it closed, disappearing from Enzo’s sight.
This mysterious door that separates life from death and leads to the
Underworld has apparently changed its course. It’s no longer the
Underworld behind the door, but the core region of Calderón City. The
deepest point at the bottom of the pit? Wearing the papal tiara while
wielding the Sea God Scepter, Klein nodded in thought.
This way, many of the powers of the Death domain was remade in Calderón
City, causing an anomaly.
With this knowledge in mind, Klein once again got Ludwell to raise his left
arm.
The left part of this marionette’s body rapidly turned illusory as dark green
specks appeared as though he had turned into a wraith or specter.
His arm began to stop abiding by the laws of reality as it suddenly extended
into the distance. The center of its palm was abnormally white with an
illusory face protruding from it.
The face had its mouth half-open as its tongue was sharp like a snake’s. It
was covered in white fur.
In a completely surreal manner, the tongue flicked out far into the distance.
It was as though it could drill directly into a human’s body and absorb one’s
soul.
Indeed, the Death Envoy powers Ludwell gets from the Underworld
creature inside his body has mutated. Not only has it been enhanced, but it
has also gone from remotely extracting Spirit Bodies to directly consuming
them… Klein stood at Calderón City’s entrance and made Admiral Hell
display all kinds of Beyonder powers of the Death domain. Through that, he
gleaned the differences that there were from the usual outcome.
The thing they had in common was that all of them had become more
powerful!
Then, Klein experimented by making Enzo use the specialness of his body
and the various powers from Flower of Blood and Word of the Sea before
coming up with a conclusion.
Aspects in the Fate domain aren’t affected…
Lightning Strike is suppressed, making it much weaker…
Unable to fly too high…
Powers like wind blades, singing, illusory scales, balance, and water
membrane undergo no changes…
With the end of these experiments, Klein made Enzo and Ludwell walk
down the pale-white stairs, clinging closely to the periphery of Calderón
City. The buildings there had already completely collapsed.
As the two-hundred-meter threshold approached, Klein raised his right hand
and pressed down on his face that hid in the shadows of the papal tiara.
Then, wielding the Sea God Scepter, he stepped into the thin fog.
His mind instantly felt a little groggy as the scene before him changed. He
had already entered the City of the Dead, Calderón City.
Enduring the irascible feelings within him, Klein made his left glove turn
dark.
His body turned illusory as it was tainted by a dark color, turning him into a
shadow. Only the Sea God Scepter in his hand continued emitting silver or
blue beams of light.
Using the soul’s screening and the Tyrant card’s suppression to hide the
light, Klein floated diagonally ahead, slinking into the shadows of the
collapsed buildings. He followed closely behind the two marionettes,
beginning to perform an initial inspection of Calderón City’s outer region.
As he traversed the area, Klein gradually noticed something amiss.
It was too quiet!
It was so quiet that it was as though the entire city was dead. Even bugs had
failed to survive!
Based on what Arrodes and Red Light Aiur Moria had said, Phoenix
Ancestor Gregrace had uprooted Calderón City and thrown it deep into the
spirit world. Before doing so, the residents inside the city were allowed to
leave. Occasionally, there would be other spirit world creatures entering.
But now, not only were there no active creatures in the peripheral region,
there weren’t even skeletons, zombies, or even one or two non-bonelike
buildings!
Klein tensed up more and more. With Enzo’s and Ludwell’s vision, he
carefully observed his surroundings.
During this process, his gaze swept across a broken pale-white column. The
ancient but damaged building at the top had a disc burnished from gold
inside.
The disc’s smooth surface reflected a figure, but it wasn’t Enzo, but Klein
in his papal tiara and dark blue robe!
This Klein had a gloomy demeanor. His face was pale and his eyes were
listless as though he had long been dead.