Chapter 199

: Successful Toss of the Die
The beating heart, the yellowish-green liquid, the silently burning black
flames, and the falling figure entered Klein’s field of vision and etched
themselves deeply into Klein’s mind.
The most dangerous mission he had encountered up to this date had been
when he was dealing with Ray Bieber who was in the midst of digesting.
Even such a terrifying and dangerous monster had only resulted in severe
injuries to the Beyonders on the mission. No one had to sacrifice their lives.
The deaths of the Beyonders Klein had witnessed, including Old Neil’s,
were all due to them losing control. The “murderer” might be strange and
indescribable or related to evil gods, but they had nothing to do with the
missions they undertook.
Now, he was looking at one of his partners being killed in action. The death
was purely due to one mistake.
Nighthawks were fighting against madness, but so were they also fighting
against danger.
There might never be an opportunity to make up for that one mistake.
Klein’s thoughts erupted with a boom.
Apparently having taken a huge blow, he knelt down and lifted his right
hand, firing successive shots at Madam Sharon. The silver demon hunting
bullets pierced through the invisible threads and shot towards her head and
transparent sleeping gown.
Suddenly, Madam Sharon appeared to be yanked in another direction by
something, allowing her to successfully avoid Klein’s manic shooting.
Klein only managed to collect himself and regain the ability of rational
thought when he finished firing the five bullets in his revolver, and the
sound of the hammer striking an empty chamber entered his ears.
His heart tightened. Without any time to reload, he tossed the revolver to
the side and took out a stack of tarot cards!
Pa!
Madam Sharon’s body moved to the side and saw a card fly past her,
piercing deeply into the surface of the makeup table.
She smiled, her beautiful brown eyes once again taking on a black luster.
At that moment, her waterfall like brown hair suddenly flailed into the air
like it was lifted by an invisible force.
Madam Sharon froze. She wanted to dodge, but she was too slow. Klein had
tossed out a “Magician” card, successfully pinning her hair to the wall.
Pa! Madam Sharon forcefully tore away her hair and rolled forward, her
body quickly vanishing from Klein’s line of sight.
She’s turned invisible again… Klein had a tarot card between his fingers as
he slowly turned around while being alert of his surroundings.
Suddenly, he realized why Madam Sharon had to give up her attack, and
why she had slowed down.
If the situation had developed normally, Klein would have had no choice
but to use Azik’s copper whistle to deal with this terrifying demoness!
Yes! The Captain must be around here somewhere! He felt a little excited.
He looked around, his gaze instinctively falling on the window.
At the same time, he made a judgment in his heart.
Madam Sharon wants to flee!
She knew that we still have a partner with the ability to drag her into a
dream, but she was unsure if there would be other reinforcements from the
Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, or Machinery Hivemind!
Even though she’s powerful, there’s no way that she can wipe out a team of
Beyonders on her own!
With that thought, Klein flicked his wrist, tossing the tarot card towards the
window.
Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh! He threw out five cards in succession, three
sealing the window and the other two towards the door.
Crack! Thud! Thud!
Amidst the sound of shattering glass, two tarot cards dug into the ajar
bedroom door, one after the other. As he expected, Klein heard the sound of
dodging.
He once again tossed cards out, making use of his Clown’s intuition to
pinpoint where he should be aiming.
The cards pierced through the air and rapidly advanced before drilling
themselves into the sturdy wall. However, a figure was quickly outlined in
the air. It was none other than the brown-haired Madam Sharon who was in
a translucent sleeping gown.
The moment Madam Sharon was exposed, her eyes lost their focus, as
though she was falling asleep standing.
Captain… Klein scanned his surroundings but was in no hurry to throw his
cards. This was because he knew that Madam Sharon would quickly break
out of the dream. He had to deal fatal damage in these two or three seconds,
or their opponent would escape.
It was easy to escape from a Nightmare when there was a huge distance
between them!
Bending his knees, Klein rolled forward diagonally. He went prone and
extended his right hand, grabbing the edge of the Spirit Medium Mirror that
was facing upward.
He then flicked his wrist before his reflection could appear in the mirror. He
tossed Sealed Artifact 3-0271 towards Madam Sharon, mirror side facing
her.
Madam Sharon’s body trembled. The color of her brown eyes was quickly
restored as they once again found their focus.
And awakening before her was a crystalline layer of sturdy frost that
appeared on the surface of her body.
However, she didn’t see the card, nor the demon hunting bullet approaching
her. All she saw was a mirror, and that the mirror was reflecting her
innocent, yet alluring beauty.
That beautiful face in the mirror suddenly became contorted. Wrinkles,
gashes of blood, and rotting spots appeared on her face.
“No!” Madam Sharon let out a shrill cry as if she had just witnessed
someone she loved die.
Her skin quickly took on a green color as yellow pus flowed out the corner
of her eyes.
After a moment of suffering, a silent black flame burned outward from
within Madam Sharon, as if she was trying to expel something.
The black flames then condensed into a thick frost, as if it was creating a
coffin for an eternal rest.
The invisible threads finally took on a color that was visible to the human
eye. They enveloped the frost, forming a gigantic cocoon.
Thud. Thud. Thud. Sealed Artifact 3-0271 fell onto the ground and tumbled
before stopping beside Madam Sharon’s giant cocoon.
At that moment, Dunn broke through the window frame and somersaulted
into the room.
He caught sight of Kenley, who had stopped breathing, and his expression
sank.
It was at this moment, the cocoon cracked open. The coffin of ice crumbled
an inch at a time as black flames turned into specks of light, dissipating into
the surroundings.
Madam Sharon’s skin had regained its normal color. Her eyes showed
fatigue, but she seemed normal.
Her eyes reflected Klein who was still sprawled on the ground. She also
saw Dunn Smith, his finger pressed on his glabella with his eyes closed.
A formless ripple spread outward from Dunn as Madam Sharon’s eyelids
drooped uncontrollably. Under Dunn’s windbreaker were writhing, snake-
like objects.
Klein knew that the Captain couldn’t restrain Madam Sharon for long, just
like when they were previously fighting Monster Bieber. Klein rolled
forward again, grabbed his revolver, the one he had previously tossed onto
the carpet.
He grabbed three demon hunting bullets with his left hand and familiarity
stuffed them into the round chambers.
Pa!
Klein closed the cylinder and stood up, taking aim at Madam Sharon with
both hands on the gun. He aimed at the center of her forehead.
Bang!
He controlled his body with the abilities of the Clown and pulled the
trigger.
The silver demon hunting bullet pierced through the air, accurately hitting
the fixed target.
A bloody gash appeared between Madam Sharon’s eyes, but the bullet
seemed to tear through multiple layers of obstruction, causing it to lose the
bulk of its power, rendering it unable to pierce through the target’s skull.
Klein fired another two shots without hesitation when he saw Madam
Sharon suddenly open her eyes.
Bang! Bang!
A rain of blood splattered amidst white dots. The stunning beauty that was
Madam Sharon had become a mutilated corpse that would incite nightmares
in every man.
She had long run out of “substitutes” to use.
Phew. Phew . Klein lowered his arms and panted heavily. Madam Sharon,
with only half her head left, slumped onto the ground. She still had an
exceptional figure, her skin still white and tender.
Dunn straightened himself up and opened his eyes. He, too, lowered his
hand from his glabella, his face a little pale. He wasn’t injured, but he
looked as though he had lost a lot of blood.
“If it wasn’t for the fact that she wanted to kill a few people before she tried
to escape; if it wasn’t for Sealed Artifact 3-0271 reflecting herself by
chance, we probably would’ve only been able to injure her…” Dunn slowly
walked forward to Klein’s side, his voice unusually low.
If it wasn’t for how unique I was, I would’ve died along with Kenley in the
first ten seconds of the battle… Klein turned to look at Kenley who was
silently lying on the black ash. He exhaled.
“Captain, Kenley…”
“I know…” Dunn replied with a raspy voice. “I made a mistake. I was
fooled by Madam Sharon. I didn’t expect her to secretly escape from the
dream.”
He paused, then he said in a serious tone, “But you have to get used to this.
It’s normal for Nighthawks to die during missions. Perhaps the next one to
die would be me.”
Klein fell silent, not knowing how to reply. Kenley still had his eyes open,
staring blankly at the ceiling.
“May the Goddess bless you. May you find true peace.” Dunn walked over
to Kenley’s side and drew a crimson moon on his chest.
He then squatted and closed his partner’s eyes.
May the Goddess bless you. May the serene night no longer harbor any
danger or madness… Klein also drew the crimson moon as he prayed
silently in his heart.
A few seconds later, he forcefully retracted his gaze and asked in a heavy
voice, “Captain, should I channel her spirit now?”
Dunn nodded indiscernibly.
“Don’t attempt to ask about the Primordial Demoness. That’s very
dangerous. I’ll guard you and prevent any accidents from disturbing you.”
Klein didn’t tarry. He took out the various ingredients and quickly set up an
altar, starting the mediumship ritual.
After reciting the incantations, he took a step back and used a Dream
Divination.
“Madam Sharon’s partners.
“Madam Sharon’s partners.”
…
After reciting the statement seven times, Klein entered a dream. He saw
Madam Sharon’s soul within the hazy world.
He reached out to the transparent, ethereal soul, and the scene before his
eyes changed.
It was a night scene. Madam Sharon, who was wearing a long black robe,
handed an ancient bronze book over to Instigator Trissy. She laughed a little
manically after hearing the latter’s doubt over the term “Witch.”
“Weren’t you always curious? Curious about why our upper echelons are all
female…”
So it really was the Demoness Sect… Leonard’s guess accurately matches
the truth; he really does have a huge secret… The corresponding Sequence
7 for Assassin and Instigator is Witch? What a trap… Klein thought to
himself.
The scene immediately changed. Klein saw a vast hall with narrow
windows all around the place, and a lady clad in a pure white robe.
Her back was facing Madam Sharon as she said with a smile, “We can
reach sainthood as long as we advance towards the Primordial. We can
attain power, attain salvation, and avoid the end of days.”
Madam Sharon lowered her head and asked curiously, “Why must we
become women? Is it because the Primordial is a woman? Do women
symbolize destruction and calamity?”
The lady whose back was facing Madam Sharon answered calmly, “No,
men are the same, they are the synonym of war. These are two similar
pathways.”