Chapter 1242

The Baffling Actions of the Human
…The primitive island that the Emperor found by chance… The creatures
on the island worship an unknown power that comes from the cosmos…
Without reaching the level of an angel, just knowledge of it will result in
corruption from the cosmos… Try not to make a wish to the Genie, nor
bring it to that primitive island… Cattleya finally received feedback from
Mr. Fool as she heaved a sigh of relief, even more worried about the
Queen’s quest.
She turned her head to look at the unresponsive Magic Wishing Lamp and
quickly put it away. Then, she spread out a letter, picked up a fountain pen,
and paraphrased the information she had just received, hoping that Queen
Mystic Bernadette would take it seriously.
…
In a dilapidated apartment in Backlund.
A man with a full beard was sitting on a chair with his hands cuffed behind
him.
Xio, who had become a middle-ranking MI9 member through her own
capabilities, stood in front of the man, with a triangular blade in hand and
her two subordinates flanking her.
“We already have enough witnesses and evidence to prove that you’re one
of the main organizers of the protest. If you wish to reduce your
punishment, answer my questions honestly.”
Before Xio could say a word, the bearded man felt an extremely powerful
suppressive force. When she finished speaking, even his mind began to
tremble. It was as though bolts of electricity were generated and a pain and
numbness that couldn’t be perceived could explode at any moment.
The bearded man suppressed the fear and weakness in his heart and said,
“No one instigated me. I just did what I wanted to do.
“Don’t you all know? The entirety of Backlund has become a gunpowder
keg. Even a tiny spark can set off the entire city. And there are countless
sparks like me who are willing to take the risk!
“Those darn nobles and merchants hoarded so much food while there are
already people in East Borough who are starving to death!
“You can do whatever you want to do to me. I’ve never believed in their
promises. The reason why we agreed to end the protest was because
everyone had received a lot of food.”
Xio was about to ask further when she suddenly turned her head to listen to
the commotion in the distance.
Sounds of rumbling could be heard from somewhere. It was deep, hoarse,
and layered.
Has the Feysac, Intis, or Feynapotter army broken through our defenses and
begun to attack Backlund’s defenses? Xio’s expression instantly turned
solemn.
…
Back in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, after Klein returned to the real
world, he immediately attempted to reach out his hand to see if he could
pull out the Magic Wishing Lamp from the fog of history.
Soon, he confirmed that he couldn’t summon Sealed Artifact 0-05.
Indeed, it involves a Uniqueness, or should I say, sefirah? In short, the
Genie is indeed a high-ranking existence that was sealed. At the very least,
“He” is a King of Angels… There’s no way to make use of “Him”… Klein
let out a breath and turned his attention back to the hunt of Dark Demonic
Wolf Kotar.
He had made a lot of preparations during this period of time, and he ran
through and confirmed the plan above the gray fog.
However, he was in no hurry to take action. He spent quite a bit of time
checking the loopholes and mending the imperfections.
Two to three days later, it was dark and silent in the wilderness. Wearing a
silk top hat and a long black trench coat, Klein held a lantern that emitted a
faint yellow glow. With a solemn expression, he reached out his right hand
and grabbed at the air.
At that moment, a bolt of lightning streaked across the world, illuminating
it.
Following that, he dragged out a figure. It was him holding the illusory
Staff of the Stars and a lantern.
Right on the heels of that, his true body entered the fog of history as he
dashed to a time before the First Epoch. He hid inside the old stacked cities.
His Historical Void projection suddenly came alive as an area that he had
been exploring recently had surfaced in his mind. He used the power of the
Staff of the Stars to directly move to it.
This was a huge distance away from where his actual body was. Even if
there was a problem with the projection, no one would be able to lock onto
the exact location of where his true body was when he returned to reality.
Surveying the area, he took in the dried riverbed and a boulder that stood
deep in the darkness like a monster. He no longer maintained his Staff of
the Stars historical projection, letting it quickly fade away and disappear
with a shake of his right hand.
After doing all of this, he walked to the boulder, put down the lantern, and
began chanting an honorific name in Jotun:
“The Dark Lord that exists alongside History,
“The Embodiment of Countless Miracles,
“The God of Wishes…”
This was the Dark Demonic Wolf’s honorific name that he had obtained
from the Evernight Goddess. Although the Mythical Creature might not be
using it anymore, or had perhaps changed it a long time ago, it was
undoubtedly referring to “Him” when it came to mysticism.
…
Deep within a mountain range, in an ancient castle.
Giants, elves, humans, and vampires each held the role as gardeners, chefs,
servants, and guards. They all had different expressions and would whisper
to each other when they met, making them appear lively and intelligent.
However, once they returned to their rooms, they would immediately turn
dull. Their eyes would no longer move as their bodies floated up and hung
from the ceiling.
In the depths of the castle, in a hall where only lightning could light it up
from outside the window, a huge figure lay quietly in the darkness.
Its body was like a tiny mountain that was covered in dark short fur. Its
pitch-black pupils covered at least three-quarters of its eyes, and at its
forehead was a tuft of grayish-white fur. Its head resembled a magnified,
twisted feral wolf.
This was none other than the God of Wishes, Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar.
Suddenly, this demonic wolf, which was more exaggerated than an ordinary
giant, raised “His” head. Every strand of “His” dark and short hair began to
sway as all the servants in the castle followed “His” actions.
Kotar’s eyes moved slightly as “He” turned “His” head slightly, as though
“He” was listening to something.
In the next second, “He” opened “His” mouth and let out a soundless roar
and summoned another “Him.”
As soon as this Dark Demonic Wolf appeared, Kotar’s body leaped into the
grayish-white fog as “He” dashed to a certain historical spot of light in the
Second Epoch.
This was a piece of secret history that “He” knew.
In the real world, the Dark Demonic Wolf’s Historical Void projection made
a wish in a tongue-twisting language. Then, with a flash of “His” figure,
“He” directly moved to a mountain near the northern city of Nois.
After making the necessary preparations, the God of Wishes allowed a
strand of dark, short hair to fall off, turning into an illusory Worm of Spirit
that expanded into the corresponding prayer point of light.
With its help, Kotar saw who was praying to “Him.”
It was a young man wearing a strange hat and strange clothes. He stood
beside a glass lantern and softly chanted the honorific name of the God of
Wishes.
Hmm… The Dark Demonic Wolf’s huge, pitch-black pupils turned and saw
that the young man was covered in a layer of grayish-white fog. There were
some things that could not be seen clearly in the fog.
As a Sequence 2 angel of the Seer pathway, this Mythical Creature could
clearly sense that the fog was similar to the fog of history. It could sense a
strong attraction force from something in the fog.
…Sefirah Castle? Having heard some matters from the ancient god,
Flegrea, the King of Demonic Wolves, “He” instantly had a guess.
Under this premise, “He” had many thoughts regarding the young man.
Using Sefirah Castle to attract me and make me attack him on my own
accord, and then confirming my location?
This is a bait?
Indeed, he’s just a Historical Void projection. It’s unknown which time
fragment his true body is hiding in. It’s unknown where the ambusher is
hiding…
Previously, Sefirah Castle clearly had an anomaly. I controlled myself and
didn’t attempt to search for the corresponding region or the clues that might
be left behind. Why do “They” think I will fall for it?
It’s just an attempt, switching to another when it doesn’t work? Or is there
something wrong with this prayer?
Hehe, I’ve lived for thousands of years. After experiencing so many things,
what kind of situation have I not seen?
The best solution now is to ignore him and not spy on him. I’ll just
remember him.
The Dark Demonic Wolf quickly made a decision and planned to observe
for a while longer before destroying that prayer point of light.
At this moment, “He” saw the young man open his mouth again:
“The Sun that is Eternal;
“You are an Inextinguishable Light;
“You are the Embodiment of Order.”
“…” The Dark Demonic Wolf was somewhat puzzled as to what the young
man was trying to do.
In this forsaken land, praying to the other true deities was useless!
In the next second, Klein once again chanted another deity’s name:
“The Lord that created everything;
“The Lord who reigns behind the curtain of shadows;
“The degenerated nature of all living things!”
The Dark Demonic Wolf’s pupils dilated slightly. “He” was confused by the
actions of the human in the prayer light.
Before “He” could make any guesses, Klein muttered the third honorific
name:
“The Clock-hand that tampers with Time;
“The Shadow that roams across Fate;
“The Embodiment of Deceit and Trickery.”
Amon… He is praying to Amon… The Dark Demonic Wolf was already
completely at a loss as to what the other party was up to. “He” instinctively
felt that something was amiss and immediately wanted to wipe away the
corresponding prayer point of light.
Suddenly, “He” saw the young man lift “His” head and smile.
He then took out a crystal monocle and put it on his right eye.
In just one prayer, Klein’s Historical Void projection had turned into
Blasphemer Amon’s avatar!
Almost at the same time, the Dark Demonic Wolf felt the other party’s gaze
pass through the prayer light and land on “Him.” Then, Amon looked past
“Him” and into the fog of history where “His” true body was.
Without any hesitation, “He” immediately destroyed the prayer light.
As for “His” true body, “He” dispelled the gaze and removed the
maintenance of the historical projection.
In the fog of history, in the stacked city of old, Klein suddenly stood up. A
scene surfaced in his mind.
A few seconds before this scene took shape, he had severed the connection
between his body and the Historical Void projection, doing so in order to
avoid having Amon descent right beside him.
The baffling actions that he had previously done were mainly to confuse the
Dark Demonic Wolf. He wanted “Him” to continue observing after
realizing that the supplicant wasn’t the true body. This made “Him”
increase the time “He” spied on Sefirah Castle.
In the end, he prayed to Amon, using the possible descent and influence of
the God of Deceit to hide the tracks of Sefirah Castle’s reverse corruption of
the Dark Demonic Wolf!
If Amon hadn’t responded and merely watched by the sidelines, Klein
would use the monocle he had prepared to deceive the Dark Demonic Wolf.