Chapter 879

: Dual Purpose
Upon hearing Maric’s question, Klein picked up the piece of paper with the
symbol that summoned Arrodes and shook it as he wiped away his smile.
He said in all seriousness, “Tell me the detailed process for creating a
Pharaoh mummy in the ancient Highlands Kingdom.”
As he said that, the piece of paper was engulfed in scarlet-red flames,
turning to ash.
Maric glanced at Sharron and replied after some thought.
“First step, lay it down for three to five days and use some auxiliary
methods to make the Beyonder characteristic naturally seep out and not
become a Sealed Artifact from fusing with any parts of the Pharaoh’s body.
“Second step, hold a cleansing ritual. Place the corpse on an altar, pray to
the Chained God, and hope that half the deceased’s spirit remains in the
body. This won’t affect the return of the son of God, and it can also allow
the created mummy to maintain a long period of spirituality.
“Third step, using Beyonder powers or actual technology, remove the
corpse’s brain, innards, and bodily fluids, leaving only the heart.
“Fourth step, stuff the corpse with perfumes and medicine that’s filled with
spirituality and completely dehydrate the body…
“Fifth step, stuff the perfumes and medicine inside again. Arrange some
preparations for a ritual on the corpse’s surface, then wrap it up in linen
bandages before putting it into a sarcophagus.
“Sixth step, the organs which were handled in a similar manner as the
fourth step will be used as materials for the ritual. They will be placed in the
four corners of the sarcophagus. Likewise for the brain and bodily fluids.
The former will be stirred into mush, mixing with the latter. And the
sarcophagus will have some preserved circulatory tracts that mimic the
deceased state before death… This can gather spirituality from the spirit
world and the surroundings, making the Pharaoh mummy an ingredient rich
in spirituality even after more than a millennium. It can be made into a
rather powerful zombie…”
Sounds like it has nothing to do with enhancing one’s ability in that area. I
wonder how Apothecaries turn such rot into a miracle. Yes, there seems to
be a difference in the way Egyptian mummies are made on Earth. The level
of mysticism involved is a lot greater… Klein finished listening carefully
and quickly analyzed if there was anything that could be used as part of the
plan.
Regardless, Tutanssess II’s mummy is something with extreme research
value. Unless it’s necessary, no one is willing to destroy it… Klein fell into
deep thought for a moment before looking at Sharron who had returned
onto her high stool. He asked with a solemn expression, “What’s the
furthest distance you can travel with Mirror Blink?”
Sharron sat there and answered without any hesitation, “300 meters.”
That’s far enough, much better than my Flaming Jump. However, this is
expected. After all, a Wraith’s main trait is to come and go without
detection, while Flaming Jump is just part of a magic show… Hmm, not
bad. This can be used… Klein couldn’t help but inwardly make a poignant
remark.
Although he once had a Wraith marionette, he didn’t know the limits of
Mirror Blink, because before it could reach its limit, it would slip out from
his control radius. Once that happened, the marionette was equivalent to a
dead object. The blink would fail midway.
Klein asked a few more questions and formulated a general plan. After
looking at Sharron and Maric separately, he said with a steady tone, “We
still have a chance of snatching Tutanssess II’s mummy away. There is a
risk, but it won’t be high.
“Yes, that’s on the condition that the two of you listen to my instructions.
Let me lead this operation. Of course, if you believe it’s unacceptable, you
can choose to terminate the operation midway and choose to return. That’s
your freedom. Just remember to pay me.”
If this was in the past, Maric would’ve rejected the proposal without a
thought. He and Sherlock were considered very experienced Mid-Sequence
Beyonders, so how could he listen to a newly-advanced Beyonder who had
once sought their protection before? But after the previous cooperation
effort, the intelligence, adaptability, and the mysterious items Sherlock
Moriarty possessed had left a deep impression on Maric. He couldn’t help
but consider him as equals. When news of Gehrman Sparrow continuously
reached Backlund, he had been shocked, being even more convinced that he
was one of the strongest Beyonders below that of High-Sequence
Beyonders. In mysticism, this was a form of authority when it came to
Beyonder combat.
Since he possessed authority, it meant abiding by it!
He can still teleport… Maric recalled the way Sherlock Moriarty appeared,
and he had a strong sense of confidence bolstered within him. Perhaps there
was a chance of success.
He turned his head and looked at Sharron.
The two nodded in unison.
“Alright,” Sharron responded, her blue eyes not showing any signs of
hesitation.
Klein immediately revealed a smile.
“I’ll go into the specifics when we rendezvous at the scene.”
Apart from defining the problems and obtaining a more accurate account of
the situation, his deliberate appearance using Traveling and providing a
“secret existence” to obtain intel was also to establish his image. It boosted
the way they viewed him, giving him the ability to be in charge.
As a Marionettist, even without a marionette for the time being, he had to
control others to complete a targeted act!
To Klein, this operation was partly to help Sharron and Maric, but he also
had hopes of using this grand act and his directing of puppets to further
accelerate the digestion of his potion.
It had to be said that the immense pressure of Amon’s appearance in
Backlund and his recent interaction with Spectators had allowed the
marionette-less him to greater understand the Marionettist principle he had
previously concluded. With his marionette as a lead, he could control his
enemies to put on a puppet act in real life.
His current idea was:
Even without a marionette, he could use his dominance, language, and the
settings he designed, or a combination of these factors, to control his target,
putting on a puppet act in real life.
Marionettists weren’t only controlling Spirit Body Threads!
And what he did previously was merely a small attempt.
Just like Amon, a simple appearance is enough to put many matters into
motion. It makes me and Pallez Zoroast appear to be waiting for “Him” to
signal with a wave of the conductor’s baton… Klein silently sighed as he
heard Sharron and Maric answer in unison, “Okay.”
…
In the evening at Pritz Harbor, there were elegant gas street lamps made of
black metal. They illuminated the various streets with the light they emitted.
At this moment, most of the ships had moored. Silence was the main tune
of the area.
At the top of a warehouse, there were many wooden crates circling an area.
Three figures suddenly appeared from the void. They were none other than
Sherlock Moriarty in his formal suit and top hat, Maric in his white shirt
and black vest, and Sharron who always wore a black bonnet and regal
dress.
With the help of Teleport, they directly traveled from Backlund all the way
here. There was quite a distance between them and the dock where the ship
that carried the Tutanssess II mummy was moored at.
Klein pressed down with his right hand as the bottom of his feet stepped on
the wood. He nimbly leaped above the crossbar and, like walking on flat
ground, quickly arrived by the wall.
There was a tiny air vent here.
He then took out the telescope provided by Sharron, and he looked at the
dock based on the intel.
All the building roofs were occupied by soldiers with steam backpacks and
thick-barreled rifles. They patrolled the area and were alert of their
surroundings, prepared to shoot at any trespassers who dared come near.
Only one warning was to be given.
Apart from them, there were a few exaggerated robot monsters parked
around the dock. They were entirely metal, and their height had exceeded
that of giants. At the top of them, cold machine guns could rotate, and a
steam chimney stood erect. The bottoms were grayish-white in color, with
many parts exposing rivets, nuts, and gears. They looked rather crude.
In addition, in front of the robots was a very thick cannon. Situated
underneath it were two rows of metal wheels with rubber treads.
They were obviously manned, but Klein couldn’t see who they were,
making it impossible to determine if they were Beyonders or not.
Close to these steel monsters, above the dock was a dark black metal tower
standing at a height of more than ten meters. It had a complicated pulley
system that seemed to lack any sophistication. Drooping down were steel
cables and a hook.
On the surface, it doesn’t seem too simple, but it can’t be considered a high-
level military operation… Klein retracted his gaze and threw the telescope
to the approaching Maric so that he could observe the situation.
Before they started taking action, they had come to an agreement. It was to
not use Beyonder powers, relying on non-mysticism methods to spy on
their target to avoid sounding off any alarms. After all, it was very likely
that a demigod was lurking in the dock district.
Of course, Klein had adjusted the powers recorded inside Creeping Hunger.
He had matched Paper Angel with Hurricane instead of Lightning Storm.
After Sharron was kept up to date with the situation, Klein, who was
standing by a wooden frame, revealed a seemingly relaxed smile.
“We only have one purpose today. It is to make an attempt if there’s a
chance. If there isn’t, we’d rather observe by the side and even evacuate
ahead of time.
“Any questions?”
“No,” Sharron calmly replied. Maric shook his head, expressing the same
intent.
Klein nodded and looked at Maric.
“How many mirrors have you brought?”
“Nine.” Maric showed his preparations as he pointed to his eyes. “These
also count.”
“Alright.” Klein pointed in a direction. “When I leave, you are to head for
Pritz Harbor. Along the way, throw these mirrors.”
Maric gaped as though he wanted to ask why. But soon, he understood
Sherlock Moriarty’s intentions and nodded seriously.
“I’ll follow your instructions.”
Klein smiled as he extended his hand in midair.
“I hope for a pleasant partnership.”
Maric hesitated for a second before extending his right hand to struck palms
with him.
After doing this, the tense feelings in him felt relieved for some reason.
Klein turned to Sharron, took out an iron cigar case, and passed it to her.
“Take this. After receiving my cue, fly towards the lighthouse.
“Following that, silently count down from three before removing the wall
of spirituality.
“During this process, as well as after it’s completed, you must not stop
flying. Try to fly as irregularly as possible, regardless of the methods
employed.
“When you see me create fireworks, immediately isolate the cigar case with
a wall of spirituality, and do a Mirror Blink in Maric’s direction. Use
everything you have.
“After you meet up, flee all the way without waiting for me. I’ll teleport to
you.”
One of the core items in the operation tonight was Azik’s copper whistle!
Stealing the Tutanssess II mummy is difficult, but I can get it to run towards
me!