Chapter 802

: Follow-up Solutions
When Klein opened his eyes again, the threats and pleas in his mind had
vanished. The light-blue flame before his eyes continued burning on that
pitch-black wick.
He seriously inspected the state of his Spirit Body and confirmed that the
signs of chaos were gone. His aura’s colors had turned pure and were no
longer spotted.
It’s finally resolved… Klein heaved a sigh of relief and lowered the Sea God
Scepter. With a snap of his fingers, he extinguished the Mental Terror
Candle.
He didn’t immediately return to the real world. He sat quietly above the
gray fog as he used the silent palace to calm the remnant negative emotions
that his inner heart couldn’t vent.
After this matter, Klein gained a deeper understanding that the path of a
Beyonder was a path that constantly fought with madness. All Beyonders
would be pushed to the brink of losing control, or they would have
psychological problems if they weren’t careful due to internal reasons or
external stimuli. And once the symptoms appeared, not resolving them in
time might leave them in a situation that would be abnormally difficult to
resolve.
The split personality that was created was a result of internal and external
factors… The cause is a result of me being a transmigrator. Yet, I fused with
Klein Moretti’s memory fragments and received parts of his emotions. I was
naturally inclined to having a dissociation. Together with me trying to steal
the Antigonus family’s notebook recently, it’s akin to me walking along the
boundary of an abyss to act as Dwayne Dantès. The stress is immense, so
after being agitated and mentally corrupted by the Keeper’s near loss of
control, the problem erupted… As Klein raised his hand to rub his temples,
he vanished from above the gray fog.
Just as he returned to his body, Klein felt his mind and spirit were a lot
more relaxed. It felt like a dusty window had been carefully wiped clean,
and the additional Faceless potion he had consumed was fully digested.
The alternate personality that appeared is really a result of all the past
psychological problems. I was able to resolve the problem with the Mental
Terror Candle, which is equivalent to receiving a complete and effective
Psychoanalysis. I wouldn’t have any latent risks in this aspect in the short
term. However, I need to be constantly taking notes and frequently
regulating myself. I mustn’t be careless… Klein walked out of the
washroom, came to the balcony, and looked at the distant mountains and
nearby vegetation. He was in quite good condition.
He could clearly sense that his self-recognition and self-acknowledgment
had deepened. The constant sense of disidentification had greatly weakened
as a result.
I never expected my victory over my split personality would bring such
benefits… If it wasn’t because the generation of another split personality
would result in one that’s stronger and harder to deal with, I would’ve
wished to split a few personalities, killing “myself” several times… Klein
shook his head with a scoff as he gave a self-deprecating laugh.
To be frank, just one instance of a split personality was rather dangerous
and unresolvable for anyone else. Since he was aware of where to acquire
the Mental Terror Candle, the essence of the problem, and his experience in
resolving it in the past, he was able to eliminate the latent risks and not
allow his split personality to strengthen itself. Otherwise, the best outcome
would be the state in which Bishop Utravsky was in, and the worst outcome
would be a gradual loss of control until it became an inevitability.
Furthermore, I still have a Psychiatrist as backup… Klein chuckled as he
strolled back to his room and sat in a reclining chair.
He recalled what he had encountered during the day, and from there, he
obtained the points that he needed to take note of in the future.
If a Mid-Sequence Beyonder of the Sleepless pathway loses control, they
will be able to directly cause mental corruption by pulling others into a
dream. I need to be wary of that in the future…
Before becoming a High-Sequence Beyonder, the Rampagers of most
pathways aren’t capable of doing this. Often, they will mutate into monsters
and use the corresponding Beyonder powers to control or attack their
targets. It’s difficult for them to transmit their corruption.
Apart from the Mid-Sequence Beyonders from the Sleepless pathway, the
Spectator pathway should be capable of doing so as well… When faced
with similar enemies, not rushing to wipe them out would really result in a
situation where you have no way of defending yourself… Also, although I’m
aware of the Keepers’ conditions and have figured out their relationship
with the core seal, the corresponding problems have arisen. If I were to
disguise myself and infiltrate inside, how should I create the performance of
being eroded by the core seal and not have my disguise be seen through…
Klein carefully contemplated for a moment and was completely out of
ideas. All he could do was stand up, walk to his desk, and draw a picture
comprising of symbols that implied secrecy and mystery prying.
He was summoning Arrodes.
The full-body mirror in the master bedroom suddenly undulated with
invisible waves as silver light appeared, forming Loenese text:
“Exalted Great Master, your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, is
constantly at your service.
“My actions from before had caused a certain damage to your image. I-I’m
very appalled and ashamed. Will you accept my apology?”
You actually know to admit your faults… Klein scoffed and said, “Don’t
make the same mistake again in the future.”
“Alright!” The full-body mirror presented new words. “How may I be of
service?”
“There’s something.” Klein deliberated and said, “The Keepers of the
Church of Evernight are contaminated by the core seal’s power behind
Chanis Gate. They are in different conditions from the typical Beyonder. Is
there any way to perfect a disguise?”
The silver words changed and outlined new text:
“Great Master, there’s only one method—to sacrifice your marionette and
allow it to receive the contamination of the core seal. It will gradually
change and become identical to the Keepers. Then, you can hold it in your
body to fool the core seal.”
That actually works… It’s an idea… However, a marionette that’s made
from a Sequence 5 Wraith can’t be bought with money… I really need to pay
an extremely high price to obtain the High-Sequence potion formulas and
ingredients… Klein thought and said, “Then, how do I get the marionette to
receive the core seal’s contamination?”
Typically speaking, a Wraith marionette might be detected by the seal
before being forcefully purified and dispelled just as it approached Chanis
Gate, or even just appear in the prayer hall.
The full-body mirror’s waves stirred again as it accentuated a figure.
The figure wore an old-fashioned veiled hat. She was tall with long,
chestnut hair. She was none other than Queen Mystic, Bernadette.
“Great Master, you can seek her help,” Arrodes explained with a sentence
made from silver words.
Her? Queen Mystic isn’t from the Evernight pathway. How can she provide
any help? Or does she have a Sealed Artifact that corresponds to the High
Sequences of the Evernight pathway, making it similar to the core seal
behind Chanis Gate? Thankfully, Admiral of Stars needs a drop of blood
from a Mythical Creature. When the time comes, apart from providing an
item that can satisfy Will Auceptin, there’s still a middleman fee for me…
This will be the middleman fee! Klein thought as he nodded and said, “Very
good, you may return.”
“Yes, Exalted Great Master. Your humble servant, Arrodes, awaits your next
summoning.” As a silver line of text appeared, Arrodes outlined a palm with
a handkerchief in hand as it shook it.
The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched as he looked at it, momentarily
unsure how to respond.
…
West Borough, within the Odora family’s villa.
Emlyn White wore a faint smile as he randomly found a single-seater to sit
in the activity room.
Diagonally across him, another Sanguine Baron, Rus Báthory, was holding
a wine cup filled with blood. He was observing him with narrowed eyes,
without concealing his disgust and hatred. Rus Báthory had not only been
injured during the hunt for the first Primordial Moon believer, but he also
had Emlyn steal away his spoils of war.
Such an act from you will only please me… Emlyn chuckled inwardly as he
turned his head to look at Cosmi Odora who had just entered. He waited for
the Baron to declare the results and reward him.
Cosmi forced himself to ignore Emlyn’s gaze as he walked to the fireplace
and said to all the Sanguine present, “I’m gathering all of you today
because the final victor has emerged for the hunting competition.”
Who is it? The Sanguines looked around as they exchanged looks, guessing
at who could’ve clinched victory.
Most of their gazes landed on Rus Báthory, with no one believing that it
could be Emlyn White. Only Rus Báthory had a hunch as he looked in
surprise at the darn fellow.
Cosmi secretly sighed and said, “Emlyn White has already hunted three
targets, automatically clinching victory.”
“What?” a young Sanguine blurted out in disbelief.
The Sanguine was a race with fewer members than humans. In Backlund,
they were all part of a smaller community; therefore, they weren’t
unfamiliar with each other.
Everyone knew what kind of Sanguine Emlyn was!