Chapter 590

: Arrodes’s Bottom Line
Early in the morning, above the gray fog.
Klein conjured a pen and paper as he deliberated over the divination
statement: “Using the radio transceiver is dangerous.”
After carefully checking the statement twice, he took out the spirit
pendulum under his left sleeve and began divining.
During this process, he was on high alert and was somewhat afraid. He was
like a child covering his ears while lighting firecrackers—if the outcome
would involve the True Creator or the Primordial Demoness, then he would
encounter danger simply from divining it. If it were any other person, they
would only end up losing control or dying. However, Klein had the gray fog
to shield him and prevent him from having such a tragic outcome. Hence, it
was obvious that anything that happened above the gray fog was better than
courting death in the real world. He was afraid that the using it repeatedly
would allow the evil gods to lock onto him and personally pay him a visit.
He quickly entered the state of Cogitation and silently recited the
divination.
After chanting seven times, he knew the answer without opening his eyes,
since he was completely fine sitting there in his seat and wasn’t suffering
from any extreme pain.
When Klein looked at the dangling topaz, he discovered that it was indeed
spinning counterclockwise.
Phew… Klein heaved a sigh of relief and immediately returned to the real
world and began preparing a ritual to bring the radio transceiver from above
the gray fog to the real world.
After about half an hour, he finally heard the radio transceiver produce its
clickety-clack. An illusory piece of white paper was spat out with lines of
Loenese words written on it.
“I’m here.
“Great Master, is that you?”
Why does it feel like it’s craning its neck… Klein suddenly recalled the
emoticons from his previous life. It was an adorable alpaca that craned its
neck out.
He took two steps forward and tersely answer in a reserved manner.
Amidst clicking sounds, more illusory paper was spat out.
“Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, at your service.”
Klein hid his discomfort in the depths of his heart and asked, “Arrodes, tell
me. Where is Roy King from the Life School of Thought?”
Due to the chubby Apothecary’s description, he knew that the organization
developed itself based on a master and apprentice system. He inferred that
they grasped the two Beyonder pathways of Monster and Apothecary. This
matched the characteristics of the Life School of Thought.
Meanwhile, Klein prepared Roy King’s picture, with the intention of
relying on himself rather than on others.
The tapping sounds intensified as Arrodes produced a portrait with the radio
transceiver. It was none other than Roy King with his hair neatly combed
back while wearing a framed pair of glasses.
“Is this him?” A line of Loenese appeared behind the portrait.
Klein nodded.
“Yes.”
Arrodes made the radio transceiver’s tapping sound turn abnormally brisk.
“Great Master, the person you wish to find is imprisoned in the governor-
general’s office of the City of Generosity, Bayam.”
Locked in the governor-general’s office? Klein frowned slightly and wasn’t
in a rush to continue asking. He said with confidence and frankness,
“Alright, according to your rules, it’s your turn to ask.”
Tap. Tap. Tap. Arrodes used the radio transceiver to produce a smiley face
and a line of text.
“I’ve already asked, and you have already answered.”
When did that happen? Klein was taken aback before looking at the content
before the illusory piece of paper. He saw the previous question: “Is it
him?”
This works? That actually counts? In that instant, Klein finally understood
how much freedom Arrodes had to its rules. Against any ordinary person, it
could be as strict and vile as it wanted. It even needed spectators, but when
it came to Klein, those rules were ignored, and he blatantly made it easy.
How did this guy adopt such a personality… Klein considered for two
seconds before asking another question.
“Arrodes, do you know the book ‘Groselle’s Travels’?”
Arrodes fell silent for two seconds before making the radio transceiver type.
It spat out more illusory paper.
“Great Master, your question is too nice for me. All I needed to do was
answer ‘yes’ to be done with the question. I’ve modified the question a
little, changing it to ‘tell me what you know about Groselle’s Travels.’
“This is a very magical book. Many of its owners have vanished.
“I’m unable to tell who it’s creator is, but I’m certain that it first appeared
among the dragons, after the disappearance of the City of Miracles,
Liveseyd.”
It appeared after the City of Miracles, Liveseyd, which was conjured by the
Dragon of Imagination, Ankewelt? I might be able to recommend this to
Miss Justice. She might be interested. If she really wishes to buy it, as a
middleman, I can study it ahead of time above the gray fog… If something
bad happens from the study, resulting in the complete destruction of the
book, I can tell her that the seller went back on their word and a refund was
made… Thinking of this, being a platform is really promising! Klein’s
thoughts raced as he said to the radio transceiver, “It’s your turn.”
I do want to know what kind of odd question you can ask… Klein thought
silently.
Arrodes didn’t pause as he produced a line in Loenese: “Great Master, I’ve
already asked and you have already answered.”
When did that happen… Klein looked in confusion and amusement at the
first few pages of illusory paper before finally seeing the so-called question
at the beginning: “Great Master, is that you?”
I have to say that this magic mirror named Arrodes really shows no shame
when it tries to suck up to me… However, such a paired question format
really satisfies an OCD. It’s like the AND operator back when I studied
programming languages myself… Klein cleared his throat and continued
asking, “Why was Roy King imprisoned in the governor-general’s office?”
The radio transceiver produced its clickety-clack and spat out illusory
paper.
“Ever since the disappearance of the Snake of Mercury from the Life
School of Thought, the organization fractured and encountered plenty of
danger. Some even died at the hands of the Rose School of Thought.
“The Life School of Thought developed in a secretive manner with the
master and apprentice format, but they have an Elder Council among the
upper echelons. They harmonized the conflicts between the different
internal factions. Since the Fifth Epoch, the Elder Council changed to a
more trendy name known as the Fate Council. There are seven councilors,
and the Snake of Mercury is the president.
“Roy King’s teacher is one of the Fate councilors and had got into trouble
after the Snake of Mercury’s disappearance. And before this, he had handed
an important Sealed Artifact of the Life School of Thought to Roy King.
This is the reason why Roy King was secretly captured by the Loen
military.”
The disappearance of the Snake of Mercury? Klein instantly made the
connection to Will Auceptin, who was hiding in Backlund, as well as the
other Snake of Mercury that had been pursuing him without ever showing
its face. Klein suspected the other Snake of Mercury to be Angel of Fate,
Ouroboros.
The Life School of Thought’s Snake of Mercury is definitely not the one
searching for Will Auceptin, as he has had plenty of opportunities to contact
his organization and not be “missing”… Perhaps it’s Will Auceptin or a
third snake. This cannot be determined… Klein gently nodded and said to
the radio transceiver, “Ask.”
I’m sure you haven’t asked me any other questions. Hehe, let’s see what
you’ll ask… I have to say, people have a little bit of masochism in them.
Others are afraid of Arrodes’s questions, but it has already waived off two
questions for me. Now, I do wish for it to formally ask me a question…
Klein waited with piqued interest.
Tap. Tap. Tap. The radio transceiver’s sounds suddenly became somewhat
solemn as the illusory piece of paper spat out with increasing difficulty.
“Well, Great Master, what should I do to be a better, loyal, and humble
servant?”
… I’ve underestimated your bottom line… Klein restrained his exasperated
expression as he replied in a deep voice, “Just maintain your present state.”
“Alright.” The tapping sounds became lighter again. “The aura is about to
disperse. Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, awaits to be at your
service.”
Finally, Arrodes added a drawing of a hand waving.
It’s really talented… That’s right, it’s not hard for a magic mirror that
knows so much, to know such things… Klein watched as the radio
transceiver turned silent.
He took a few steps and sat by the edge of the bed, considering the matter
regarding Roy King.
He had no intention of infiltrating Bayam’s governor-general’s office and
rescuing Roy King under the military’s tight security. This was because he
didn’t know the man at all, and he hadn’t even seen him before. The only
connection they had was through the chubby Apothecary.
The basement of the Church of Storms definitely has many Beyonders
locked up there. But what has that got to do with me? Klein chuckled as he
shook his head.
In the information provided to him by Arrodes, Klein noticed that the
mystical item which Admiral of Blood Senor had, which made him
sufficiently lucky, came from the Life School of Thought. There was a high
probability that the faction backing this pirate admiral was the Rose School
of Thought. They were taking advantage of the Snake of Mercury’s
disappearance, so they could kill members of the Life School of Thought.
This also reminds me that I need to be more careful than before when
dealing with pirate admirals. Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy had gotten
Demoness of Unaging Katarina Pellè without any notice. The other pirate
admirals wouldn’t be without their supporters. They often represent a
faction, an organization… Admiral of Blood is backed by the Rose School of
Thought, while Admiral of Stars is backed by the Moses Ascetic Order, as
well as for our Tarot Club. The backer of Admiral Hell is likely the
Numinous Episcopate and the King of the Five Seas. As for Vice Admiral
Iceberg, she’s likely backed by the Church of the God of Knowledge and
Wisdom…
The backers for Vice Admiral Deep Sea and Vice Admiral Dusk are
currently unknown, but it’s definitely impossible that they relied solely on
themselves to reign supreme over the seas for so many years.
Now on second thought, which faction was backing Vice Admiral Hurricane
Qilangos? The one that gave him Creeping Hunger, or the unspeakable
organization that instigated him to assassinate Duke Negan?
Yes, I must be careful not to expose my intention of hunting pirate admirals
in the future. Furthermore, I can only make one attempt and immediately
distance myself if I fail. As Klein’s thoughts varied, he suddenly thought of
something.
The paper crane that was personally folded by that Snake of Mercury, Will
Auceptin, was still with him!