Chapter 1221

Leaving a Message
If the Dark Demonic Wolf really is preparing the Attendant of Mysteries
ritual, then “His” whereabouts won’t lack traces… Klein nodded slowly. He
already had some vague ideas on his mind, but he was still unable to truly
sort them out.
He instinctively wanted to divine the location of the “curtain” by using the
soil that had been tainted by the “curtain,” so as to lock onto the location of
the Dark Demonic Wolf. However, considering how the latter was an angel,
such a method would most likely alarm “Him,” alerting “Him” and causing
“Him” to take precautionary measures. Therefore, Klein rationally gave up
on this idea and returned to the real world. He thought hard about
formulating a plan.
The next day, when there was a high frequency of lightning, another batch
of Moon City residents came to Gehrman Sparrow’s bonfire under the
leadership of a priest named Duke. They listened to his teachings, enjoyed
the mushrooms, and waited to be cleansed.
After the residents of Moon City experienced the cleansing, with tears
streaming down their faces, Klein looked around and casually asked, “The
sun god told you to guard this land and to take note of anyone walking out
of the fog?”
Duke, who had been cured of his bloated ailment, knew that the High Priest
had mentioned this matter to the oracle before him. He answered rather
calmly, “Yes.”
Klein nodded slightly and continued on the topic.
“If you really discover someone walking out of the fog, what will you need
to do?”
Duke said without hesitation, “Recite the honorific name of the great sun
god immediately and… report this matter to ‘Him’…”
As he spoke, his tone became very depressed. In the end, he was unable to
formulate his words. This was because the sun god—the Creator—hadn’t
given any response for more than two thousand years. Even though Moon
City had held the most complete rituals and repeatedly chanted the
honorific name, there had been no response.
“Anything else?” Klein pressed as he sharply noticed something.
This was a revelation from his spiritual intuition, and also a result of a
certain degree of deduction. It was obvious that the ancient sun god and the
City of Silver Creator would have considered this problem. One possibility
was that the person who walked out of the grayish-white fog was extremely
careful. He was very cautious and didn’t enjoy being watched or monitored.
After discovering the patrol team in Moon City, he would be inclined to use
his Beyonder powers to affect their minds, making them forget that they
had seen him or reciting the honorific name.
In this situation, the ancient sun god should’ve made certain arrangements.
Of course, this wasn’t absolute. If Amon’s father could accurately predict
that the person walking out of the grayish-white fog was a rookie, then
there was no need to say too much in the revelation.
However, considering how the ancient sun god—the City of Silver’s
Creator—had made an error in predicting where he would come out from
the grayish-white fog, Klein was doubtful of the aforementioned possibility.
Duke thought for a moment and hesitated before saying, “To welcome that
person and tell him a single word.”
Klein’s spirits were immediately lifted as he asked without batting an
eyelid, “What word?”
Duke’s lips quivered as though he was mimicking the pronunciation. Then,
he said in a strange tone, “Chernobyl.”
“…” Klein’s mind froze for a second before he let out a silent sigh.
…
The Loen Kingdom, East Chester County, in a forest.
The nearby villagers gathered here and plucked strange mushrooms that
were covered in roots, deadwood, and shrubs.
According to the kingdom’s laws, everything that grew in this forest
belonged to its owner, Miss Audrey Hall. However, with the war escalating,
the demand of food, and the high taxes, these factors made it so that the
farmers could no longer care about breaking the law. It was something that
needed to be considered only if they survived. Furthermore, with more
people participating, they naturally became emboldened.
They formed small teams and very efficiently plucked the mushrooms that
were covered in golden stars or marbling streaks. They were divided into
two parts, and a small portion was reserved for consumption. Most of them
were prepared to be sold to grain merchants waiting outside the forest to
exchange for gold pounds, for salt, fabric and other essential items.
These farmers didn’t go overboard. Other than the mushrooms, they only
took a portion of the fruits on the trees. They left behind what was sufficient
for the rangers of the forest to submit to their masters.
In just two or three hours, the farmers sold large amounts of mushrooms
and fruits. With the gold pounds in hand, they returned to their hamlets with
beaming smiles.
To them, everything that happened today was what they wanted to do and
they had also achieved their predetermined goals.
The grain merchant who had a full beard was equally happy because this
was an unexpected harvest. With the present situation, he could earn a lot of
money.
He led the workers with him to move large amounts of mushrooms and
fruits to the processing point outside the city. After making the necessary
arrangements, he placed them all into the warehouse.
As a meticulous businessman, he checked the warehouse again after
sending the workers away. After confirming that there were no mistakes, he
closed the door and locked it.
At this moment, he saw a thick wad of cash on the ground. They were all
ten-pound notes.
When did I drop so much money? The grain merchant bent down in joy and
picked up the stack of notes.
As he counted, he suddenly recalled the origins of the money.
They were the profits from selling the mushroom powder, dried mushroom,
and dried fruits!
How generous! The bearded businessman sighed in satisfaction and turned
to leave the warehouse.
Inside the warehouse, Audrey, who was wearing a light blue dress, removed
her Psychological Invisibility and took out a black pocket.
This was the Traveler’s Bag that she had rented from Xio.
Following that, the blonde, simple-looking Audrey easily threw bags of
food into the black pocket.
After doing all of this, she took out a hard-covered bronze notebook and
flipped to a page with “Teleportation.”
This was from Fors—Leymano’s Travels.
And what had conspired here was secretly manipulated by Audrey.
She first gave the fast-growing mushrooms provided by Ma’am Hermit to
the animals in the woods. With their help, she “planted” them at suitable
spots. Following that, she “influenced” the farmers in the surrounding
hamlets, strengthening their inner desires, and making them overcome their
fear of the law. And that grain merchant “happened” to pass by and
discovered this.
This sort of manipulation of a person’s heart was intoxicating, like a master
of all beings. However, Audrey didn’t smile at all. Instead, she sighed
softly.
It’s still not enough… I’m still lacking plenty. Lots…
The mushrooms she had obtained wasn’t the type that Little Sun said could
absorb the flesh and blood of monsters to flourish. They needed sufficient
nutrients to rapidly grow. Therefore, there was no way to plant a second
batch of mushrooms in this forest in a short time; otherwise, it was very
likely to become a desert.
Staring at the empty cloth bags that had been emptied out, Audrey’s green
eyes flashed. She couldn’t help but think, A large amount of food is
concentrated at the Church, the royal family, the military, the government,
the nobles, and the businessmen…
There are also some from Feysac, Intis, and Feynapotter, but who knows
how many times I’ll have to move them with only Traveler’s Bag…
Manipulating the nobles, businessmen, and military personnel is very
dangerous. I might be discovered if I’m not careful…
If the situation hadn’t deteriorated to such a state, I might have never known
that some people would have such a side to them…
When the environment and circumstances are different, the masks that
everyone wears are different. I have to take note of this in the future…
As her thoughts raced, Audrey, who lacked experience in handling such
matters, decided to seek Mr. World’s advice to see if he had any
suggestions.
As The World Gehrman Sparrow had been walking alone in the uninhabited
Forsaken Land of the Gods, he was surrounded by darkness and despair.
Audrey suggested that he should seek her out regularly for psychological
counseling. This might not necessarily imply any treatment. A casual chat
could effectively relieve the pressure, loneliness, and misery.
Gehrman Sparrow followed his doctor’s advice, and from their chats,
Audrey knew that, apart from asking her for medical advice, this powerful
adventurer would also gossip with Mr. Star above the gray fog from time to
time, maintaining a rather good state of mind.
With this decision, Audrey immediately activated her “Traveling” ability
and returned to Backlund.
But on second thought, she felt a little depressed.
This was because she knew that, even if she gathered a large amount of
food, she could only quell the residents of Backlund for some time. If the
war didn’t end, the situation would still worsen.
War… Audrey closed her eyes. She had no idea how she could stop it.
She had heard from Ma’am Hermit that the nature of this war was very
likely to be a battle of gods. And the prelude to a battle of gods had always
been very consistent; it was to spend a certain amount of time and strength
to shake the anchors of “Their” opponents.
After some thought, Audrey pursed her lips and decided to start with what
she could do.
As the notebook emitted a misty glow, her figure quickly turned transparent
and disappeared.
…
Beside the quietly burning bonfire, Klein, who had just sent away the
“guests” from Moon City, couldn’t help but recall the words Blasphemer
Amon had said before.
“He” said that there were many clues and things in the past that “He”
wanted to explore that were buried deep within Chernobyl.
The ancient sun god had also specially emphasized “Chernobyl”… Amidst
his thoughts, he suddenly had the urge to explore Chernobyl.
This wasn’t considered rash. It was something he had always wanted to do.
However, he didn’t dare to do so because of Amon.
I’ve been heading east for more than half a year. Who would’ve thought
that I would suddenly arrive at Chernobyl… Amon has obtained the last
Worm of Time Beyonder characteristic and is preparing the ritual. It’s
impossible for “His” true body to still be in Chernobyl… Yes, “He” is a
very patient King of Angels. Perhaps, “His” avatars have been waiting in
Chernobyl all this time… After analyzing the present situation, Klein
decided to let a projection from the Historical Void make an attempt.
In any case, he would never head there directly with his actual body!
After making up his mind, Klein went above the gray fog to do a divination.
Then, he returned to the real world and reached out his hand to grab into the
void, dragging his past self from five minutes ago.
As his main body disappeared, his projection gained consciousness.
Following that, he grabbed a few times and took out the black staff
embedded with many gems.
The Staff of the Stars!
He wanted to use the power of the Staff of the Stars to directly “Teleport” to
Chernobyl!