Chapter 748

: A Duet
Inside the Lightning Cathedral, the high and spacious dome arched
continuously. There wasn’t any blank space, with gold and blue as the main
colors. It made anyone who walked beneath it subconsciously feel that the
place was sacred and solemn; thus, making them bow their heads.
Alger Wilson often made contact with a secret existence, and he often
gathered in the palace of a deity’s residence. As a result, he no longer had a
longing for this. He wasn’t as respectful as before, but he still had to put on
an act. Like the other sailors around him, he kept his head down as he
lightened his footsteps without even daring to breathe clearly.
In the silent atmosphere, they were led by the priest all the way to the
clergymen’s quarters at the back of the cathedral, with each of them getting
a room.
After closing the door, Alger saw the sanguine moonlight shine into the
window. It made the environment turn cold and sinister, as though countless
wraiths seemed to be observing the real world through a thin curtain.
Every time the Blood Moon appeared, one’s spirituality would be enhanced.
Powers that stemmed from spirituality and hell would receive a significant
boost, while the negative emotions of living beings reached an explosive
state. The higher the Sequence, the more obvious it would be.
Faintly, Alger heard sobbing, low shouts, and whispering. This was
completely different from the solemnity he previously felt in the Lightning
Cathedral.
Illusory arms appeared before his eyes as they reached outwards from the
walls, floor, and ceiling, like a three-dimensional pale forest.
Alger knew of the abnormalities of the Blood Moon, so he removed his
captain’s hat without panicking at all. He entered the bathroom and washed
his face.
During this process, he suddenly heard a distant singing voice.
The singing voice was indistinct, as though it came from the middle of the
island. It kept echoing endlessly as though it was right beside Alger. It
didn’t make him feel horrified, for it was akin to a woman who was away
from her family and loved ones, singing slowly and sadly as she looked at
the surging tides.
Alger pulled at a towel and wiped his face before cocking his head to listen.
He gradually frowned as he took out a small iron box from his priest robe’s
inner robe and placed it close to his ear.
In it was the Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristic he had purchased
from The World. He suspected that the residual mental imprint on it was
temporarily enhanced by the Blood Moon.
As the metal box came close, the singing by Alger’s ears instantly became
partially clear, melancholic, sorrowful, wistful, and painful.
But apart from that, there was still the ethereal and ancient voice sounding
from it, forming a clear boundary with the clear singing as though they
were in a duet!
Whose voice is that? It sounds like an elf’s… An item in the Church that
stems from the elves? This Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristic on me
comes from an elf? Alger nodded as he came up with a theory.
Due to them sharing the same Sailor pathway, the Church of Storms had
always been in search of elvish relics. They were used to concoct potions,
made into Sealed Artifacts, or isolated underground. Those with relatively
fewer negative effects were rewarded to clergymen; therefore, it wasn’t odd
that something similar would be stimulated on the night of the Blood Moon.
If it’s a mystical item, there wouldn’t be a problem. If it’s a Sealed Artifact, it
means it’s definitely not simple if the voice can penetrate the isolation
barrier… Alger reined in his thoughts, brushed his teeth, and went to bed.
He soon fell asleep and had a dream.
After an unknown period of time, Alger suddenly felt a little lucid, vaguely
aware that he was having a dream, but he automatically sized up his
surroundings.
He discovered that above him was rippling dark blue seawater which was
stacked up layer after layer and blocked the view of the sky. Ahead of him
was a beautiful palace made of coral. It was tall, spectacular, dark, and
gloomy.
Alger subconsciously walked towards the palace, walking into the open
doors.
Inside were columns of coral that held up an exaggerated dome. The walls
and dome were filled with murals depicting the terror of a storm.
Over a hundred meters away, there was a throne embedded with sapphires,
emeralds, and lustrous pearls above a nine-stepped staircase that was
extremely striking.
Alger looked over and saw a woman in a complicated ancient dress sitting
on it. Her hair was black and held up into a bun. Her facial outline was soft,
and her features were exquisite. She had a beauty that seemed timeless.
The woman’s expression was core and her ears sharp. Her deep brown eyes
looked down at Alger from a commanding position.
In her hand was a golden wine cup with complicated patterns.
Alger was just about to say something when her eyes emitted silver light
resembling the bright flash of lightning, tearing through the dream.
Phew… Alger sat up and subconsciously gasped for breath. He found the
dream both blurry and clear at the same time.
The woman’s appearance was blurry, as well as the details of the murals
and coral palace, but her eyes that contained lightning and her sharp ears
were clear.
A high-ranking elf? Under the effects of the Blood Moon, her relics
resonated with the Ocean Songster Beyonder characteristic I have,
resulting in it influencing my dream? As Alger guessed, he wondered which
item it would be.
Due to his limited standing, the number of Sealed Artifacts and mystical
items he knew were limited. However, he knew certain knowledge that
others didn’t know, so he quickly thought of a possible target.
Calamity Cohinem?
The Book of Calamity “She” left behind has likely been sent to Pasu
Island…
After making the report and departing, I’ll seek Mr. Fool’s advice and see if
there will be any unexpected influences regarding this matter…
Alger didn’t dare recite The Fool’s honorific name in the Church of
Storms’s headquarters.
After daybreak, he didn’t show any signs of abnormality. Under the
servant’s lead, he entered a room with a long table, and he was questioned
by three Mandated Punisher deacons.
Among these three deacons, only one of them possessed dark blue hair. This
was because this wasn’t a necessary change that would happen from
consuming the Sailor pathway potion. However, this trait would quite
stubbornly be passed down, just like the elves. Many of them with black
hair would end up with blue hair. Nowadays, mixed-bloods with elvish
blood mostly had blue hair.
Alger sat at the end of the long table as he systematically answered the
deacons’ questions. He mentioned what he had done at sea, what he had
planned to do, and what he had succeeded, as well as his failures.
And this would be compared to the description from his crew to prevent
anyone from lying.
Towards the end of his report, the deacon with dark blue hair glanced at
Alger. He asked with a hoarse voice, “Do you know Admiral of Stars
Cattleya?”
Not only do I know her… Alger was nearly taken aback as he answered
after some thought, “I met her at the pirate convention.”
The deacon didn’t harp on the question as he directly said, “Think of means
to get to know her. Try to investigate Gehrman Sparrow’s situation from
her.”
So that’s how it is… It’s because Gehrman hunted Admiral of Blood? Alger
deliberately asked, feigning his ignorance, “What did Gehrman Sparrow do
again?”
The dark blue-haired deacon said in a peeved manner, “He nearly destroyed
Bayam! Alright, this isn’t something you should know. In summary,
remember. Gehrman Sparrow is a very dangerous person. There’s a secret
cult backing him. That organization has a demigod that’s at odds with the
Rose School of Thought!”
Nearly destroyed Bayam? A demigod in the organization? At odds with the
Rose School of Thought? Alger deliberately didn’t hide his shock.
He originally imagined that a focus was placed on Gehrman because of his
hunting of Admiral of Blood Senor, but who knew that the reason was far
more complicated and ludicrous than he had imagined!
What did Gehrman Sparrow do? When I pass by Bayam, I should find the
actual spot to take a look… Also, isn’t our Tarot Club’s archenemy the
Aurora Order? Isn’t Mr. Fool always targeting the True Creator? Why did it
change, no—why is there the additional Rose School of Thought? Alger
muttered to himself inwardly.
As for the Tarot Club having a demigod, he wasn’t surprised. He even
found it logical. How could an ancient existence not have a demigod under
“Him?”
Besides, back when Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos died silently in a
strange manner, he was already convinced that Mr. Fool had a High-
Sequence Blessed!
Thankfully, my meeting with Gehrman was very secretive; otherwise, things
would be troublesome… Alger listened in silence without asking any
questions. Like before, he accepted the missions and got up to leave the
room.
…
Backlund’s North Borough, outside 160 Böklund Street. Servants stood in
two rows to welcome their master’s arrival.
With white hair at his temples and deep blue eyes, Dwayne Dantès wore a
tailcoat and a top hat with an inlaid gold cane. Together with Butler Walter
and Valet Richardson, he walked in between his servants and arrived at the
entrance of the three-story building.
Waiting there was Housekeeper Taneja who he had long selected.
She was in her early forties, and her hair was tied neatly. She had ordinary
looks but wore an experienced demeanor. She wore gold-rimmed glasses
and a black-and-white dress which was different from the other
maidservants.
From the information received and the interview, Klein knew that this lady
was born in East Borough. She was a believer of the Evernight Goddess,
and she had chosen to be trained by a charitable organization by the Church
at the age of fifteen, making her become a qualified maidservant.
After more than ten years of hard work, as well as the free lessons from the
night schools, she was promoted from the lowest-ranking maidservant in a
tycoon’s household to a lady’s maid. She later followed the tycoon’s
daughter when she got married, and she became a housekeeper until the
family met with a financial crisis, forcing her to leave. She was extremely
experienced when it came to managing a household.
After this lady signed the contract, she received 1,000 pounds from Dwayne
Dantès as petty cash for the month before entering an argument with Butler
Walter on whether they should purchase or rent a carriage.
From her point of view, since Mr. Dantès’s goal was to enter high society
and move into West Borough, or even Empress Borough, a carriage needed
to be custom made to not appear inadequate. Before that, they could rent a
high-end carriage for a year and wait until there was hope of him becoming
a noble before they had one custom made. It was a more reasonable choice
that didn’t waste money or appear inadequate.
She convinced Walter, and of course Klein. This was because renting a
high-end carriage with the horse costs only 88 pounds, and a two-wheeled
carriage costs only 42 pounds.
Of course, someone who controls the household’s expenditures needs to be
someone who’s good at accounting… Klein felt poignant as he smiled at
Taneja before stepping through the three-story house’s door.
This was the stage for which the tycoon, Dwayne Dantès, would be acting
on.