Chapter 1293

Devil“s Oil Painting
In a warehouse that was being rebuilt in Pritz Harbor.
Fors met her teacher, Dorian Gray Abraham, once again a few days later.
“Are you ready?” Dorian asked in a low voice.
Back when they met, he had already informed Fors of the ritual requirement
of the Apprentice pathway’s Sequence 4 Secrets Sorcerer, so that she could
make advanced preparations.
“More or less… I should be able to satisfy the requirements…” Fors replied
without much confidence.
The advancement ritual of a Secrets Sorcerer was relatively simple, but in
this case, “simple” was the antonym for “complex,” and not “difficult.” To
Fors, she wished that it was something else.
The ritual required the candidate to seal a demigod-level creature with clear
animosity. The less external help one received, the better the ritual’s effects.
As for the target’s level, as long as it wasn’t lower than a demigod, it was
fine. It had virtually no effect on the ritual.
Upon hearing that, Dorian nodded and said, “That should be fine. That
ritual is really difficult for a Sequence 5 Beyonder to complete it on their
own. It’s necessary to seek help at appropriate times, but you mustn’t go
overboard, such as exceeding the corresponding limitations. Otherwise, the
ritual will definitely fail.”
The suggestion he had previously provided to Fors was to borrow a Grade 1
Sealed Artifact. It would be best if she didn’t even hire a saint-level helper.
Fors said vaguely, “I only plan on making a wish to Mr. Fool to increase the
success rate of advancement after consuming the potion. This is closer to
obtaining good luck when consuming the potion, rather than being blessed
and protected while sealing the demigod creature.
“Other than that, I’ll be using the painting that you mentioned.”
The painting wasn’t a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, the Scroll of God, but the
Abraham family’s Grade 1 Sealed Artifact. It was called “Devil’s Oil
Painting.”
In the Fourth Epoch, when many members of the Abraham family had
advanced to Sequence 4 Secrets Sorcerer, they had created the oil painting
to seal the corresponding demigod-level creatures.
However, after being attacked by the Aurora Order and losing a lot of
documents, Dorian Gray wasn’t sure how many terrifying creatures were
sealed in the Devil’s Oil Painting. He was only certain that there was
definitely more than one sealed inside.
His original plan was to release a demigod-level creature that was
completely insane from the Devil’s Oil Painting, one that acted purely out
of instinct. This could then be his student’s ritual target. This made it much
easier than dealing with a rational and intelligent saint. Furthermore, it was
completely in line with the ritual’s requirements, but he never expected Fors
to directly borrow the Devil’s Oil Painting.
Dorian frowned and reminded her, “The Devil’s Oil Painting only has the
effect of imprisonment and sealing. It doesn’t have the ability to actively
affect the target. In other words, you have to stuff a demigod-level creature
into the Devil’s Oil Painting.”
Fors nodded, indicating that she knew this.
“Teacher, you mentioned that one’s ‘Record’ ability isn’t considered
external help.”
“Yes,” Dorian Gray gave a definite answer.
If her “Record” powers were considered external help, almost no Traveler
could advance. After all, “Record” was the core ability of the Apprentice
pathway before they became demigods. Once it was “excluded,” Fors
would be left only with the means to flee, making it difficult for her to do
anything to her enemies.
“In theory, that’s the case. However, you can only record at most five
demigod-level powers…” Dorian said worriedly.
Before he finished his sentence, he thought of Mr. Fool and “His” Blessed
and felt a little more at ease.
“If the powers are matched well, it isn’t impossible for me to succeed. It’s
just a mad creature that’s acting on instinct.” Fors tried convincing both her
teacher and herself.
Dorian nodded indiscernibly and didn’t say anything else. He immediately
summoned his contracted creature, Malmouth, who loved music, and took
out the Secrets Sorcerer main and supplementary ingredients. He then
concocted a bottle of Secrets Sorcerer potion for his student.
“If there’s no way to complete the seal, there’s no need to forcefully
consume it. Even if the potion and glass bottle fuses together and turns into
a Sealed Artifact, we can also pray to Mr. Fool to restore it to a Beyonder
characteristic.” Dorian continued to warn her worriedly before handing the
potion to Fors.
Inside the glass bottle were layers of stellar radiance, as though the Milky
Way in the sky had been sucked into the potion.
“Alright.” Fors nodded heavily, indicating that she wasn’t worried that the
potion would be wasted.
She had made plans ahead of time. She would immediately “Teleport” away
once she realized she couldn’t seal the released demigod-level creature
before making a wish to Mr. Fool and getting him to resolve it.
Dorian then took out an oil painting from his suitcase, which was filled with
abstract images. It was an image that no one could understand. Just looking
at it would make one feel dizzy and mentally weak.
This was the Devil’s Oil Painting that had sealed countless terrifying
creatures.
“If you can successfully advance, I only have one request.” Dorian held the
Devil’s Oil Painting and said solemnly to Fors, “That is, on the night of the
full moon, listen to what Mr. Door is saying and ask ‘Him’ the reasons for
‘His’ actions.”
The members of the Abraham family still couldn’t fully accept that the
curse they had suffered from had stemmed from their ancestor. They felt
that Mr. Door might not know the consequences of “His” plea for help.
They wished to figure out the full truth.
“Alright.” Faced with her teacher’s sincere request, Fors agreed without any
hesitation.
Following that, she took the Devil’s Oil Painting, “Teleported” out of Pritz
Harbor, and came to a vast desert where no humans lived.
This way, even if an accident happened during the ritual, she had plenty of
time to resolve it and not affect ordinary people.
After checking the surroundings and preparing herself, Fors inserted the
Devil’s Oil Painting into the ground.
She then clasped her hands together and bowed her head to pray to Mr.
Fool. She wished that “He” could increase her chances of advancing after
consuming the potion.
Without any pause, she saw the illusory grayish-white fog and knew that
Mr. Fool had already responded.
After stalling for a few seconds, Fors finally convinced herself. She took
out the herbal powder she had prepared, and she scattered it on the Devil’s
Oil Painting.
Then, she recited the incantation to release the seal in Jotun.
This was an incantation that only released one creature.
Without a sound, the powder that was floating in the air landed on the oil
painting and rapidly spun around a central point.
As it spun, the surface of the oil painting turned illusory as if a deep vortex
was forming.
Suddenly, a bluish-black hand emerged from the “vortex,” one that showed
signs of decay.
It stretched out from the oil painting to the outside world!
Fors’s body suddenly turned cold as though she had fallen into a frozen
lake.
While clearing up her mind, it also made her seem to lose control of her
body. No matter how hard she tried, she was unable to move her limbs.
At that moment, Fors seemed to return to her past state of writing books at
night and sleeping during the day. At that time, she often felt that she had
woken up, but she couldn’t move at all. It was as though she was being
pressed down by an invisible creature.
Although the terrifying creature in the Devil’s Oil Painting had yet to fully
escape, its influence on the outside world with its godhood made Fors lose
most of her ability to resist. Once it fully escapes from the oil painting, Fors
would even lose control merely from looking at it directly.
The difference between the two in their lives’ natural order was
unimaginable in certain aspects.
Gradually, Fors’s consciousness blurred a little, having a nagging feeling
that she was already lucid. She raised her arm and moved her feet, but on
second thought, she realized that it was only her imagination. As her body
turned colder, the feeling of being pressed down by an invisible creature
became more obvious.
Fortunately, she had a bunch of demigods providing her information,
allowing her to close her eyes in time. She didn’t look at the Devil’s Oil
Painting; otherwise, the consequences would be dire.
Using Cogitation to maintain a certain level of clarity, Fors began counting
down.
According to Mr. World’s warning, she knew that the terrifying creature
would need five seconds to completely escape the Devil’s Oil Painting.
4… 3… 2… With just one second left, an illusory book appeared in Fors’s
eyes. It quickly flipped and stopped on one page.
1! Just as Fors finished counting, she suddenly spread open her arms.
Around her, peach blossoms fell in a colorful resplendence.
The bluish-black hand that was about to grab her neck moved away from
her and was blocked by the peach forest that was blooming with vegetation
and flowers. It was separated by a mountain that was the forest’s river
source, making it only possible for it to enter through a small cave.
This was a fairytale magic Fors had “Recorded” from Ma’am Hermit. It
was called:
Peach Blossom Source!
It could create an isolation barrier from the outside world, making it very
difficult for the outside world to connect to it.
Seizing this opportunity, Fors, who barely managed to regain control of her
body, took out a “Queen” chess piece from Roselle’s chess from a pocket
and threw it at the source of the peach blossom scene, throwing it at the
cave that penetrated through the flowing river.
This was another fairytale magic she had “Recorded,” called:
The Chessboard of Time!
Its effect was to slow the target’s movements, as though it had entered a
region in which time flowed slower.
With a smack, the actions of the bluish-black palm that was trying hard to
break through the Peach Blossom Source changed from extending outwards
to squirming.
Fors didn’t even look at the effects. She used an invisible hand to pick up
the Devil’s Oil Painting that was stuck in the sand, and she held it right up
to the cave.
After one or two seconds, the bluish-black palm returned to normal. Its
movements became extremely fast as it charged out of the Peach Blossom
Source and crashed into the oil painting.
As the oil painting shook, the terrifying creature penetrated the surface and
landed in it.
Fors was delighted. Without any hesitation, she recited the incantation and
closed the outer seal of the Devil’s Oil Painting.
Thankfully, that demigod creature has already lost control. It’s left with
nothing but madness and lacks intelligence… I wonder if I will directly
hear Mr. Door’s shouts after consuming the potion… Still nervous, Fors
took out the Secrets Sorcerer potion bottle and poured it into her mouth.