Chapter 1301

“New Life“
Through the Eyes of Mystery Prying, Bernadette saw that the interior of the
dark-red baldachin was empty—nothing was there. All she could see were
shadows that usually shrouded things in reality.
She was unable to prophesize anything from it. Having no choice but to
look away, she followed her intuition and made the Invisible Servant walk
towards the other end of the open area, which was also part of the primitive
forest filled with towering trees.
As the Invisible Servant couldn’t be too far away from her, she silently
followed behind while wearing the Invisibility Hat. She unhurriedly passed
through the area where all the creatures on the island were gathered.
Here, the sky seemed to be perpetually gloomy, one permeated by a faint
blackness.
Time passed quickly. The Invisible Servant entered the forest that blotted
out the sky with the tree branches and everything before it suddenly
dimmed.
Right on the heels of that, the nearly transparent, cold, and undetectable
Eyes of Mystery Prying saw through the dim environment. There were pale-
white corpses placed in between the trees. Skulls and rotting corpses hung
down from many branches.
They consisted of dragons, avian creatures, and some had eight legs, while
others were strange giant trees that occupied every empty spot in the forest.
At a glance, Bernadette seemed to have arrived at a cemetery. A scene
naturally surfaced in her mind:
It was a scene of supernatural beings giving birth to their descendants
before they died, thus passing on their Beyonder characteristics to them.
And these creatures would struggle towards this region in the primitive
forest from every direction, in search of an unoccupied spot. Then, facing a
particular direction, they would silently die, gradually rotting and being
reduced to bones.
What’s the meaning behind this? As a Clairvoyant, Bernadette fully
believed that the scenes produced in her mind were what had happened in
the real world. However, she was puzzled about the type of power that
made the creatures on this primitive island choose this area as their tomb.
Furthermore, since Grimm, William, and Poli, who had died long ago,
appeared to remain alive in some form, it didn’t make sense that
supernatural and mutated creatures that had stayed on this island all this
while and had suffered even more corruption would end up dying.
This made Bernadette frown slightly as she directed the Invisible Servant to
continue proceeding deeper into the creature cemetery.
Just like that, the Invisible Servant proceeded forward for nearly fifteen
minutes in this forest filled with bones and corpses.
Finally, it saw a fourth object beyond trees, weeds, and corpses.
It was a black stone pillar. It was very thick, with a width spanning about
six arm spans, and thirty to forty meters tall. Its surface was covered with
rings which were signs of weathering. It resembled a finger wearing rings
that didn’t suit its size.
Bernadette made the Eyes of Mystery Prying observe the stone pillar for
several seconds, but she didn’t discover anything mysterious about it. It was
as though it was a symbol that was casually erected.
The Invisible Servant looked around and discovered that the surrounding
corpses around the stone pillar didn’t suffer from serious rot. They were
even covered in rather intact flesh and skin.
There aren’t any supernatural powers or magical effects that are different
from other places… Unless the new deceased were gathered near the stone
pillar, it’s impossible for them to have such a unified trend… Bernadette
suspected that it wasn’t because there was no mysterious influence in this
matter, but that it would only happen at a specific moment.
She didn’t use her powers of prophecy to search for the reason. This was
because a prophecy, at its core, was to pry into the secrets of the river of
fate. The more serious the problem involved was, and the higher her status
and level, the more damage the backlash would bring to her. And at this
moment, it was impossible for Bernadette to not be cautious. She was afraid
that it might involve an unknown existence.
In addition, this hadn’t caused any harm to her. She didn’t have to take the
risk to make a “prophecy.”
After searching for a while to no avail, the Invisible Servant continued
forward, attempting to pass through the cemetery and head to other regions
of the forest.
Just then, Bernadette heard a rustling sound.
It was the sound of a breeze passing through the vegetation, a tidal wave in
the void.
Ever since she landed on this strange island, this was Bernadette’s first time
feeling the wind.
Subconsciously, she made the invisible servant look back at the black stone
pillar.
In the Eyes of Mystery Prying, the corpses around the stone pillar began to
rot and shed one by one. New flesh and blood grew out like they had their
own spirituality, and their skin slowly covered this harrowing scene one
inch at a time.
This change lasted for less than ten seconds before stopping. A small
number of the corpses no longer showed any signs of decay. It looked like
they had just died.
In the next second, a mutated curly-haired baboon and a wolf with eight
legs wobbled to their feet.
Their fur was slightly white and their skin was slightly dry, their eyes dull
and cold.
Then, the two originally deceased creatures each got their bearings and left
the cemetery from different spots.
Bernadette’s gaze froze as she watched this. Her brows raised slightly as
she finally understood why the creatures on this island had struggled to
come to this area before dying and why they had to die here:
Here, death—an endpoint—didn’t mean entering the state of eternal
slumber, but rather a new beginning!
Furthermore, this wasn’t the “resurrection” of a zombie or skeleton that a
Spirit Guide was capable of. It was a “new life” with a certain will and
vitality.
A distortion and disorder of the world’s underlying rules? In addition, it
seems to contain some mystery from the Black Emperor’s resurrection…
However, those who obtained new life aren’t in a proper state. They’re even
closer to zombies… Such revivals are very problematic… Klein, who was
above the gray fog, also saw this scene and had many guesses.
Of course, this was under the premise that the Emperor had fundamentally
left his last mausoleum here and exerted some form of influence here.
As he thought about it, Klein rejected this idea.
This was because, before the Emperor became an angel, this primitive
island had a similar situation. The dead Grimm was proof!
Yes, the exact details that happened back then might not be the same as
what’s happening now. Perhaps, compared to the past, it has already been
distorted and “disordered”… Klein nodded gently, prepared to bless and
protect Bernadette at any time.
Bernadette also came up with a guess. She didn’t allow the Invisible
Servant to stay in its spot to wait for a “new tide of life.”
This was because she had foreseen a development:
After being repeatedly affected by the “new tide of life,” the Invisible
Servant would oddly develop some sort of sentience and come “alive”!
In addition, it wasn’t that the Invisible Servant hadn’t done any
investigation prior to this, but it had ultimately failed to discover anything
special about the black stone pillar. Bernadette didn’t believe that it would
gain anything new by remaining here.
In such a situation, it was better to establish a basic understanding of the
primitive island rather than alarming an unknown existence due to a deeper
study.
Many a time, there were problems that eluded one in the beginning, but the
answer might be nearer to the end.
This was thanks to the experience that Bernadette had accumulated over all
these years.
The corpses on the trees and branches gradually grew fewer as the Invisible
Servant moved forward. During this process, Bernadette discovered another
phenomenon:
In the “new tide of life,” it wasn’t certain that a corpse would be revived.
However, once they revived and left the empty area, the rest of the corpses
would be attracted like metal to magnets in the next five minutes. They
would stiffly move towards the center, filling up the corresponding spots
like they were in line for a bestowment.
The law of Beyonder characteristics convergence? No, it doesn’t seem like
it. The deceased have already passed down their characteristics… As
Bernadette’s thoughts wandered, she suddenly thought of a question:
It’s impossible for the deceased to produce new Beyonder characteristics
after obtaining new life, but do they still possess their powers in their
previous lives?
Once I have a complete grasp of the situation on this island, I can find a
“resurrected” being to test it out… Bernadette quickly made a decision and
followed the Invisible Servant’s route forward.
She didn’t use any Beyonder powers other than her Invisibility Hat. She
hoped that she wouldn’t disturb the environment and miss out on any
details. Therefore, she didn’t walk too fast. She took about fifteen minutes
to leave the cemetery.
The Invisible Servant had already entered the forest up ahead. It could hear
the occasional bird chirping and beast roars. The vibrant vitality here was
different from the other remaining regions.
Above the gray fog, Klein sighed.
Thankfully, I’m now the owner of Sefirah Castle. Here, I have the status of
a King of Angels. I can observe reality for as long as I want to, and I don’t
have to worry about draining my spirituality. Yes, the only thing I need to
pay attention to is my body that’s hidden in the ancient city located in the
fog of history before the First Epoch.
After traveling for another few minutes, the Invisible Servant suddenly saw
something that appeared incongruous to the primitive island’s environment.
It was a log cabin that seemed to be a residence of a forest ranger.
The log cabin was brown in color and was less than 2.5 meters tall. It
looked like it was prepared for humans, but every detail was rough and
crude.
At that moment, the cabin’s door was open, allowing Bernadette to see the
situation inside through the Eyes of Mystery Prying.
A wooden table, a fur-covered bed, and a low-back chair formed a scene of
a residence lived by humans.
Who lives here? With a thought from Bernadette, the Invisible Servant
rapidly approached the cabin in search for possible clues.
It then realized that the interior of the cabin was ice-cold. Apart from the
furniture, there was nothing else. It seemed like no one had lived there for a
very long time.
Just as Bernadette was using the Eyes of Mystery Prying to carefully
inspect every detail in the cabin, she suddenly had a premonition. She
hurriedly made the Invisible Servant turn around.
At some point in time, a person had appeared behind the Invisible Servant!
He was wearing luxurious clothes from the Roselle era. His hair was
completely white, and he looked old. He had a pair of light blue eyes that
were extremely cold and blank.
Edwards.
This was the knight who had outlived the Emperor, Vice Admiral Iceberg
Edwina’s ancestor.
Edwards stared at the Invisible Servant for a few seconds. Suddenly, he
opened his mouth and said in a low voice, our Highness.”