Chapter 1101

Special Reward
Cattleya also didn’t return to her senses for a few seconds. She never
expected Emperor Roselle’s secret mausoleum to involve the Abyss.
However, after some careful thought, she realized that it wasn’t surprising
that a conflict at that level would involve something like that.
For a moment, she hoped that the Queen wouldn’t pursue this matter, but in
the end, she suppressed this thought to the bottom of her heart. She felt that
if it were her, then she would also make the same choice.
All sorts of thoughts flashed through her mind as she bowed towards the
end of the long, mottled table.
“Thank you for your answer. I have no further questions today.”
The Fool nodded slightly and surveyed the area.
“You may begin.”
Just as he finished speaking, Fors, who had been mustering her courage all
this while, said as she closed her eyes as though she had resolved herself to
charge towards death, “Mr. World, I have a commission for you.”
Seeing The World Gehrman Sparrow look over, she hurriedly explained,
“You don’t have to do much. You’ll just leave me at an unfamiliar place
every once in a while, and you can pick me up after a few days. If you’re
really busy, you can present ‘Traveling’ to me several times at a particular
point in time for me to ‘Record.'”
Upon hearing Miss Magician’s words, the first thought that came to Klein’s
mind was:
Man vs. Wild?
I have too many suitable places, such as the battlefield of the gods on the
easternmost front of the Sonia Sea, Calderon City in the spirit world, the
City of Miracles Liveseyd in Groselle’s Travels. They’re ten times, a
hundred times, or even a thousand times more dangerous than the
wilderness. I’m just afraid that Miss Magician won’t be able to handle the
danger… Klein didn’t let The World Gehrman Sparrow immediately
answer. He controlled the fake person and cast its gaze on Miss Magician
with a pressuring look.
Fors silently took a deep breath, calmed her emotions, and added in more
detail, “This is the thing: I’m a Sequence 6 Scribe of the Apprentice
pathway now. In order to digest the potion, aside from recording all kinds of
Beyonder powers, I still need to record down the local customs and
traditions of different places. I h-hope that I can become a Traveler as soon
as possible. Only then can I avoid most of the dangers during the war.
“Mr. World, I’ve only ‘Recorded’ ‘Traveling’ once, so I won’t be able to
return if I go somewhere else. I can only ask for your help. I wonder if
you’re interested, and what kind of payment you’d wish to receive?”
So that’s how it is… Justice Audrey finally came to a realization.
Furthermore, she felt that Fors’s method was really great.
Especially since she’s a best-selling novel author, her act of “Recording”
scenery and customs and publishing it as a book should be able to greatly
aid in her potion digestion rate… Audrey nodded silently as she felt
sincerely happy for her friend.
However, as a senior Spectator, how could she not sense Fors’s horror and
fear towards Mr. World? She was looking forward to knowing what would
happen when the two of them formally interacted.
Audrey, this state of mind isn’t good! However, this is the attitude of a
Spectator… Fors definitely wouldn’t expect that the so-called crazy
adventurer she fears is only a mask. Beneath it is a gentle and kind heart… I
also have to work hard to digest the Dreamwalker potion. I should visit the
dreams surrounding me every night… Audrey didn’t show any changes in
her expression or gaze as she maintained the attitude of a spectator.
After The Hanged Man Alger heard The Magician’s words, he sighed. This
was because even this Apprentice was beginning to break through to
Sequence 5, while he was still stuck at that level.
The World and The Hermit are already at Sequence 4, Justice, The Sun, The
Moon, and The Star are also all at Sequence 5. Apart from The Magician,
the newly joined Judgment is lower than my Sequence… As his thoughts
churned, Alger felt that stifled, a heavy feeling that was difficult to resolve.
He wished he could immediately find an opportunity to make contributions
and become a demigod—a Cataclysmic Interrer.
He yearned to have a high position and be in a position of power. He
wanted others to acknowledge and respect him and be submissive to him.
He didn’t wish to fall behind in the Tarot Club.
Is that so… At the same time that Klein understood what Miss Magician
was thinking, he suddenly recalled something. It was the identity that the
other party had mentioned in front of Mr. Fool during a particular full
moon.
An ex-surgeon who was now a novelist!
Hmm, will spreading the terrifying legends that I create into text form help
me digest the Bizarro Sorcerer potion further… Hmm, the more shocking,
harrowing, terrifying, and incomprehensible the description in the novel is,
the better the effects… Klein suddenly had inspiration and controlled The
World Gehrman Sparrow to say, “This commission is very simple, but the
payment I need is very special.”
Upon hearing that Mr. World was inclined to agree, Fors asked in both joy
and anxiousness, “What’s the payment?”
The World Gehrman Sparrow pondered for a moment and said, “Collect
information about the ghost stories that have happened recently in the
various major hospitals in Backlund, and write them into a small
publication or have them published in the newspapers.
“The requirement for the novel is that it’s even more terrifying and bizarre.
It’s best if it can be a best-selling novel.”
The reason why he only mentioned the matters of the major hospitals in
Backlund was because Miss Magician was a local author who was part of
medical circles. Being able to come to know of the urban myths and use
that as material for a novel was very reasonable, and it wouldn’t incur
suspicion. However, if she had even learned of the urban myths in the
Rorsted Archipelago, Fog Sea, and East and West Balam, then Zaratul’s
marionette would definitely “visit” her.
The ghost tales of the various hospitals in Backlund… After hearing The
World Gehrman Sparrow’s words, Audrey was stunned for nearly three
seconds.
She had originally thought that those rumors were caused by the Church’s
Beyonders secretly treating the injured victims. Mushroom and weeds were
the negative effects of the mystical items, but she never expected it to be
something else.
Audrey had also guessed if it was done by “Dwayne Dantes.” After all, this
gentleman had heard from her about the victims of the air raid.
Furthermore, he was a very kind gentleman. However, due to the lack of
clues and evidence, she could only believe that it was more likely to be
related to the Church.
At this moment, she was almost certain that the Clown Angel was Mr.
World Gehrman Sparrow. Even if it wasn’t, they definitely had a deep
connection.
A Mr. World who wears a mushroom and weed mask is the same as the
Gehrman Sparrow who wears a crazy adventurer mask… Why does he act
like that when he’s doing something good? Is it because he needs the
feeling or corresponding feedback from creating fear? Audrey thought to
herself with some guesses.
As for The Star Leonard and The Hanged Man Alger, one immediately
thought of the strange urban myths that the Nighthawks who belonged to
Saint Samuel Cathedral were discussing recently, while the other fell deep
into thought about the horror stories his subordinates had heard or
encountered.
Uh, I’ve never really heard of such payment before. It’s not like I’m writing
a biography… Although there has been a recent war, the sales of
newspapers and novels seem to have increased. My previous editor has
been urging me to write a new book… Yes, I must keep my identity a
secret. I have to convince my editor to change my pen name. The excuse is
that novels of different styles should use different pen names… Fors didn’t
think too much about it. After a slight period of deliberation, she agreed,
“Alright, no problem.”
The World Gehrman Sparrow chuckled and hoarsely said, “If you do well,
I’ll give you the opportunity to ‘Record’ the Beyonder powers of a
demigod.”
“…No problem!” Fors swept away her usual languidness and firmly
replied.
To her, “Recording” a demigod’s powers not only increased her ability to
protect herself, but it could also effectively help her digest the potion.
This also made Audrey, Xio, Leonard and the other members sigh in their
hearts. Scribes were truly enviable…
Once a demigod-level expert became a backer, a Scribe wielded extremely
powerful strength. They wouldn’t be weaker than a Sequence 5, or may
even be stronger than one at times!
After coming to an agreement, the scene fell silent for a moment. This was
because the other members of the Tarot Club currently didn’t have any
requirements.
Leonard had become a Spirit Warlock recently, and he had yet to conclude
the acting principles. There was still the possibility of him advancing from
within the Church of Evernight. As for mystical items, he had already
bought the Word of the Sea. If there were any special circumstances, he
could request to use Sealed Artifacts of the Church.
Emlyn was reading the Sanguine’s research information regarding the
Moon domain every day, hoping to make a Scarlet Scholar more practical.
As for the Sequence 4 Shaman King’s potion formula and Beyonder
ingredients, he didn’t need them for an extensive period of time, nor could
he afford them.
Derrick had recently mastered the powers of Priest of Light, and he was still
very far from advancing. As for the Unshadowed main ingredient, he had
already obtained it.
Similarly, Audrey and Xio had also recently advanced. One of them was
working hard to help Mr. World, accumulating contribution points, while
the other was burdened with a huge debt and was eager to repay it.
Alger was in the Church of the Lord of Storms, so he had to keep a secret.
He was currently in an awkward position which required him to find a
chance to advance. Furthermore, he had obtained the Cataclysmic Interrer’s
potion formula from The World.
Cattleya had just become a demigod. She was currently deep in research on
all kinds of secrets and all sorts of mysticism knowledge. She was
pleasantly surprised that, despite having recently advanced, just recalling
the knowledge and secrets she knew from the past had allowed her to
directly digest quite a bit of the potion. Amongst them, the various things
she had heard from the Tarot Club had contributed greatly!
The transaction segment quickly ended as the members began their free
exchange.
Emlyn surveyed the area and his gaze landed on Leonard’s face.
“If you’re an official Beyonder, how will you deal with a clergyman of an
opposing faction in your area of jurisdiction? He hasn’t done anything
wrong, nor does he plan on doing anything wrong.”
Although Feynapotter had yet to start a war with Loen, they had invaded
Loen’s ally, Lenburg. This made the believers and citizens living around the
Harvest Church look at Bishop Utravsky in an increasingly odd manner.
Leonard thought carefully and said, “Protective custody.”