Chapter 864

: Actor and Spectator
When the ghostly gaze of the golden retriever pierced through the curtains
from the shadows, Klein’s brows indiscernibly twitched as he failed to hide
his alarm.
He then naturally shifted his gaze away and looked towards Miss Justice
and company.
How terrifying… Why is that dog sitting in the corner, hiding in the
shadows for no good reason?… It was silently looking at everyone in the
hall… Uh, Miss Justice seems to have fed a Spectator potion to an animal
and had once asked Mr. Hanged Man for advice… Don’t tell me it’s that
golden retriever? Two Spectators, one out in the open, and one in the dark.
Which actor can handle that!? In high society, Miss Justice and the dog are
unlikely to be the only Spectators. Her joining the Psychology Alchemists
was a result of other nobles as well. It seems like it was done by Duchess
Negan’s sister? As Klein lampooned and analyzed, he walked to Macht’s
family and asked in a seemingly casual manner, “The ones who just entered
seemed to be very noble people?”
Macht glanced Dwayne Dantès and chuckled.
“East Chester Earl’s family. You can directly call him Earl Hall. You
should’ve heard of him.
“That’s his wife, Ma’am Caitlyn. That’s his eldest son, Lord Hibbert. You
should’ve already met him…”
Upon hearing Macht’s introduction, Klein suddenly broke out into a cold
sweat. This was because he had indeed met Hibbert Hall at the ball Macht
had hosted; however, he had failed to notice the Lord, or he wouldn’t have
raised the question.
I was shocked by Miss Justice’s sudden appearance… Klein maintained his
smile and listening stance.
Macht continued, “That’s his daughter, Miss Audrey Hall. In the social
scene over the past two years, she has the title of being the most stunning
gem in Backlund. It’s very apt, isn’t it?”
Without waiting for Dwayne Dantès’s reply, he minced his words by saying,
“She is courted by princes, duke heirs, and many honorable excellencies
and gentlemen.”
Macht’s concealed meaning was clear. He was saying to this man, one who
liked all kinds of women, not to place his sights on the lady. She was a
target he had no thoughts of making contact with.
As for Klein, he was having other thoughts.
So Miss Justice is Earl Hall’s daughter. It’s no wonder she’s so rich. It’s no
wonder she’s never bargained…
Earl Hall is one of the top bankers in the kingdom. He’s the most influential
Member of Parliament of the House of Lords, and one of the hereditary
peerage. His wealth is much more than Baron Syndras…
Even if Miss Justice is unable to inherit the aristocratic title and family
estate, the wealth she will inherit will be at least a hundred thousand
pounds…
With her looks, birth, and character, she is indeed the best choice for a
marriage partner with the royal family or powerful nobles.
However, the way she has been repeatedly buying mystical items doesn’t
look like she’s someone with a wealth of only a few hundred thousand
pounds… She’s able to claim it from her father? I also wish to have one like
that…
Amidst his racing thoughts, Klein replied to Macht’s warning with a smile,
“I’ve heard of the various rumors about Miss Audrey. It’s only today that I
have realized that they aren’t that exaggerated.
“Unfortunately, I’m not a prince or the heir to a duke, marquis, viscount, or
earl. Otherwise, I would also be one of her pursuers.
He was implying that he knew his status and standing.
Macht didn’t continue the topic and began introducing the various guests he
knew to Dwayne Dantès. He had truly led him into high society. Of course,
the greatest supporter involved in this was the Church of Evernight.
Without the charity party they held for the foundation, Macht wouldn’t have
the chance to bring Dwayne Dantès to meet so many honorable people.
Marquis Locent, Earl Gross, Viscount Loveland… The aristocratic believers
of the Goddess separately exchanged pleasantries with Dwayne Dantès with
a rather genial attitude.
Before Macht was done with the introductions, an elder walked into the
hall.
He was wearing a black clergyman robe with red accents. By his chest hung
five Dark Sacred Emblems. He was clean-shaven, and his eyes were deep,
dark, and tranquil.
Including Earl Hall, everyone turned to face the elder and respectfully
bowed.
“Good evening, Your Grace.”
This elder was none other than Saint Anthony Stevenson, one of the thirteen
archbishops of the Church of Evernight!
He was the person in charge of the Backlund diocese, and he was part of the
upper echelons of the Church in the true sense of the word.
When Klein saw the archbishop, his body and mind involuntarily trembled
as he found it difficult to hide it. It was as though he stumbled upon a grave
on an unlit village trail back when he was young.
He swept his gaze and saw that the other guests didn’t have any strong
reactions. He immediately realized that the “horror” which Saint Anthony
carried with him was more clearly felt by people with stronger spirituality.
He hurriedly entered Cogitation in an attempt to calm himself down.
When he managed to control his trembling, Saint Anthony had already
smiled. He surveyed the area and tapped his chest four times in a clockwise
fashion.
“Praise the Lady.”
“Praise the Lady,” the guests at the charity party replied one after another.
With the archbishop’s arrival, Macht stopped introducing Klein to the other
guests because the party had officially begun.
According to convention, everyone would take their seats and piously pray
to the Goddess for three minutes. Following that, the cathedral would begin
singing and walk to the baldachin and use their ethereal, uniform, and
seemingly cathartic voices to praise the Goddess.
After the religious ritual ended, Elektra received Saint Anthony’s
instructions to stand to the side of the choir. There was a podium there with
all kinds of books placed on it.
“Everyone, I’ll like to thank you all for coming. Your character is a
resplendent star in the serene night…” Elektra first said a few words of
pleasantries before saying, “Our establishment of a bursary foundation that
targets the poor stems from Mr. Dwayne Dantès’s suggestion. He is truly an
honorable gentleman. His piousness and character are impeccable and a
definite role model to others. Next, I’ll like to invite Mr. Dwayne Dantès to
give everyone a brief speech.”
Although Klein was already prepared, he drew a gasp inwardly when he
heard the last sentence.
This was different from usual. There were two or even more Spectators
around. It wasn’t something that he could bullsh*t through if he wanted to.
The content of his speech needed to be sufficiently realistic, without them
being able to see through his lies or fake examples!
Pressing down his clothes at his abdomen, he quickly stood up and walked
to the podium as he buttoned his suit.
Coming behind the podium and steadying himself, he surveyed the nobles,
Members of Parliament, clergymen, and high-ranking civil servants. He
said with a smile, “I’m a little nervous. This is my first time being stared at
by so many people of such honorable standing.
“I was once active in a region where the poor gathered. I was active in the
chaotic Southern Continent and, thus, saw many things. There was a young
lady who helped her mother make pasted matchboxes from the age of six. If
she didn’t do that, they wouldn’t even have the money to buy rye bread
after paying rent. The rye bread they eat is filled with millfeed, and
occasionally, they will bite into gravel or rocks. The hardness make it
usable as a rod to attack others…
“When this girl gradually grew up, although she led a laborious daily life,
and her family lacked any additional funds, she still looked forward to the
night schools run by the Church. She wished to study how to read in order
to grasp knowledge. This is because she knew that only by doing so could
she stop living the way she did. Only by doing so would she not starve and
be able to wear clothes that could really protect her from the cold. She
wouldn’t need to work at factories with harsh conditions and end up dying
in her twenties…”
Klein had selected a portion of the experiences of the poor kids he had met
before, merging them together as he conveyed them with his true feelings.
He could clearly see many ladies more or less reveal looks of empathy. A
number of girls even had their eyes flicker such as Audrey Hall.
She really is an easily moved child… I’ve acted from the bottom of my
heart. I’ve even moved myself, much less a Spectator… However, most
gentlemen aren’t moved. Some of them seem to already be aware of the
situations of the poor. Some do not mind those of the lower class…
Klein swept his gaze as he continued, “Our industry has been developing.
In the future, we will definitely need more literate workers… Our election
criteria has been relaxed. In the future, the ones who are eligible to vote will
definitely include most of the educated… With the empathy towards these
poor children and my expectations of the kingdom’s future, I’ve decided to
donate all my Coim Company shares that I have on hand to establish a
bursary foundation that targets the poor. It lets them have the opportunity to
enter official institutes of higher learning after attending the free night
classes…”
Earl Hall, who had a beautiful mustache, nodded when he heard that. He
was the first to raise his hands to gently clap.
Amidst the vigorous applause, Klein returned to the seat belonging to him.
Bishop Elektra headed up and announced, “The shares that Mr. Dwayne
Dantès donated are valued at 15,000 pounds. We would use it to establish a
Loen Charity Bursary Foundation. Ladies and gentlemen, if you agree with
him and pity those children who thirst for knowledge, you can contribute to
this foundation.”
As he spoke, he pointed at the donation box beside him.
Audrey retracted her gaze and pressed the corner of her eye and said to her
father, “Father, I plan on donating 1,000 pounds. What about you?”
As she spoke, her mind quickly summarized what she had observed.
Dwayne Dantès has likely lived a lower-class life. His pity, empathy, and
speech were all very realistic… Those poor children are truly pitiful…
Just now, when the bishop mentioned that the shares were valued at 15,000
pounds, the corners of his lips twitched unnaturally. From the looks of it, he
likely feels the pinch over donating the money. However, the sincerity of him
donating it doesn’t seem fake… This means that he’s a gentleman who loves
money, but he “loves” kindness even more…
Why was he shocked when he saw me, and what is he hiding?
He has seen me somewhere before but doesn’t know my identity? But there’s
no need to hide that…
He identified my necklace as a mystical item, so he was shocked before
trying to attempt to hide this matter?
If that’s the case, it means that he’s definitely a Beyonder, one that isn’t a
Low-Sequence Beyonder…
Hmm, I’ll ask Susie later when I’m back. Perhaps, she noticed other details.
She was hiding in the darkness, so he wouldn’t be on his guard against her,
allowing her to discover more.
Amidst her thoughts, Audrey saw her father smile as he took out a
checkbook and fountain pen.
The value he wrote down was: 10,000 pounds!