Chapter 762

: Nation Reestablishment Society
At the gates, Walter used the light from the street lamps and discovered no
one was outside through the gaps. The street was silent.
For an instant, Walter suspected if he had heard wrong and that the doorbell
hadn’t rung!
He composed himself, and he quickly walked to the servant quarters at the
back of the compound. He woke up a few servants and got them to carry
double-barreled hunting rifles to begin patrolling the main building so as to
prevent any bandits or burglars from infiltrating.
Walter didn’t immediately get the police, because nothing had happened
yet. The doorbell from earlier might’ve been a prank from a tramp.
Meanwhile, under the nearby sewers, the infiltrator was holding onto the
metal handles as he slowly headed down into the unlit area.
He soon came to a halt, leaned back onto the moss-covered wall, and slowly
slid down to sit down on the dirty ground.
His eyes closed again as though he was still in an unconscious state. In front
of him, a middle-aged man wearing a dark red coat and an old triangular hat
instantly appeared. He was none other than Klein’s marionette, Wraith
Senor.
Senor bent down, rummaged through the infiltrator’s pockets and found 7
soli and 11 pence, as well as tiny cloth bags containing different kinds of
powders.
Inside the room, Klein remotely controlled his marionette from dozens of
meters away. As he identified the powder, he discovered that his theories
were correct. They were all herbal powder in the Death domain. And a
portion of them could be used for spirit channeling!
He was very likely to be a Beyonder from the Corpse Collector pathway
that hailed from Balam. Even if he hadn’t reached Sequence 7 Spirit
Medium, it was very normal for him to prepare the corresponding herbal
powders, essential oils, and extract. After all, these materials weren’t only
used for spirit channeling.
Immediately, Klein controlled Senor to set up a ritual to pray to The Fool.
Then, he went above the gray fog to respond, allowing Senor to complete
what followed.
After doing all of this, he returned to the real world and continued
controlling Senor, allowing him to channel the spirit.
Passing through a storm of glimmers, Klein saw the infiltrator’s spirit. He
appeared listless, blurry, and translucent.
“What’s your name? What faction do you belong to?” Senor asked with a
deep voice.
The infiltrator answered blankly, “Godotpos. I belong to the Black Skeleton
Gang.”
Black Skeleton Gang. I believe it’s a gang that’s active around the border of
East Borough and the dock area close to the Backlund Bridge area. It’s
mainly filled with people of Balam heritage. Although they aren’t as
barbaric and boorish as the Zmanger Gang, they aren’t strangers to
violence… As Klein recalled the intelligence he had previously gathered, he
made Senor continue asking:
“What do you mainly do? Why are you looking for Richardson?”
Godotpos answered in a muddled state, “We are fighting for God.
“We were originally members of the Balam Nation Reestablishment
Society. We established the Black Skeleton Gang to grasp various intel and
obtain funds. Apart from that, we also have another mission. It is to seek out
any items related to Death, and send it back to the Southern Continent.
“This time, we obtained verified information that in Earl Wolf’s collection
is a mask taken out from the Eggers family mausoleum. This family is a
descendant of God.
“For this mask, we need to send someone to infiltrate Earl Wolf’s household
as a servant or infiltrate during one of the balls and banquets he hosts. And
Richardson is an excellent choice. He has no history with any of the other
organizations, and he’s an experienced servant.”
The servants of nobles are often “inherited.” It’s obviously not easy to
infiltrate… Only short-term employments will be made if there’s a sudden
need for plenty of manpower…
Speaking of which, there really is such a situation. At the ball today, a few
ladies had mentioned that some nobles who are financially tight will sell
lots of their lands and manors, and also dismiss nearly all their servants,
leaving fewer than ten to serve them, so as to barely maintain a decent
lifestyle. When there are large-scale balls or banquets that require
manpower, they would spend money to hire a bunch of temporary workers
from the Family Servant Assistance Association to keep up a front…
Also, Earl Wolf actually has a mask from the descendants of Death’s family.
I recall Mr. Azik’s last name to be Eggers… Unfortunately, I don’t wish to be
disturbed by any accidents at the moment; otherwise, I might’ve come up
with a way to help Mr. Azik obtain that mask… Klein mumbled silently and
made Senor continue asking:
“How do you know Richardson?”
Godotpos said blankly, “We got to know each other at a manor in East
Balam. Back then, we were both slaves.
“Among the slaves, there are people who secretly spread the faith of Death.
Richardson, his mother, and I couldn’t help but become believers of Death
in such a life. We secretly joined an organization that had a lot of influence
among the slaves there.
“Later, Richardson’s mother passed away from an illness, and he was
brought to Backlund, while I stayed in East Balam before I found an
opportunity to escape.
“A few years later, I was sent to Backlund, and I chanced upon Richardson.
H-he actually forgot about his mother’s death and the abuse he had once
received. He forgot his faith towards God, and had his will eroded by what
he called a peaceful life!
“To avoid me, he deliberately made mistakes and kept switching employers,
but how could he have guessed that his former companion is no longer an
ordinary human!”
Everyone has the right to choose as long as they don’t harm others.
However, Richardson and I are two different kinds of people… In the room,
Klein closed his eyes and made Senor ask in a deep voice, “What’s the
organization that is very influential among the slaves?”
Godotpos hesitated for a moment and said, “The Eternal Life Society.
Those who believe in Death will obtain eternal life in the Underworld once
they leave the real world that’s filled with pain and sorrow.”
Eternal Life Society… I’m aware of this. It’s a branch of the Numinous
Episcopate… As a former Nighthawk, Klein knew quite a lot about such
matters.
He continued controlling Senor to interrogate Godotpos, and he obtained
plenty of information regarding the Eternal Life Society, East Balam Nation
Reestablishment Society, and the Black Skull Gang while confirming that
Godotpos and his gang had their hands covered in the blood of the innocent.
After finishing the spirit channeling and clearing up any traces, he waited
thirty minutes before letting the Wraith enter Godotpos’s body, controlling
him to climb out of the sewers and returning back into the shadows of the
streets.
And at this point, the servants in 160 Böklund Street, who were wielding
double-barreled hunting rifles, were no longer as vigilant while doing their
patrolling rounds. They seemed to believe that any latent danger had
passed.
Klein pretended as though he didn’t notice anything as he continued
sleeping in his master bedroom. However, he had already set up a ritual to
summon and respond to himself. With Azik’s copper whistle, the iron cigar
case, and Creeping Hunger, he silently left his residence in the form of a
spirit.
He followed behind Godotpos and constantly maintained a distance of
eighty meters. By using his marionette to possess this “hostage,” he made
him circle to another street and board a rental carriage by the side of the
road.
About an hour later, Godotpos returned to the headquarters of the Black
Skeleton Gang, a tiny house situated near the docks.
There were plenty of firearms stashed away here, with several operatives
that were sent from the East Balam Nation Reestablishment Society. They
formed the upper ranks of the Black Skeleton Gang.
Following the method that was agreed upon, “Godotpos” knocked on the
door, and he said to a member who came towards him, “Richardson has
submitted.”
“Very good.” The member inattentively shot Godotpos a glance, made way
for him, and gave him passage.
“Godotpos” surveyed the area and found the high-yield explosives and a
bunch of rifles stacked in the corner of the house. A few of the top brass of
the Black Skeleton Gang were gathered together, discussing something.
“Godotpos, want a smoke?” The member from before handed him a
cigarette.
This was a cigarette fashioned to the preferences of the Southern Continent.
They were made from dried tobacco leaves mixed with tiny amounts of
herbs.
Godotpos received the cigarette and casually picked up a box of
matchsticks from the table, took out a few sticks, and lit them.
Then, he threw the few burning matchsticks to the corner where the easily
flammable explosives were.
“…”
Everyone present looked at Godotpos with a dumbfounded look,
momentarily at a loss as to what had happened.
Rumble!
On a public bench dozens of meters away, Klein sat there as the flames
blazed behind him, a hot gust of air swarming out of the house.
A few seconds later, Senor in his dark red coat appeared beside him, with
some signs of being burned.
The Wraith held his hand to his chest and bowed before returning inside the
gold coin inside the iron cigar case.
Unfortunately, I won’t be able to pick up the Beyonder characteristics;
otherwise, it wouldn’t appear like an accident… It’ll definitely be suspicious
if the upper echelons of the Black Skeleton Gang don’t have any
Beyonders… Klein silently sighed as he cleared any traces before ending
the summoning and returning above the gray fog.
The next morning, he got up and washed up as though nothing had
happened. He then waited for his valet to bring in a change of clothes.
Richardson entered in silence as he finished his work skillfully.
Following that, he took a step back and bowed his head.
“Sir, after serving you this week, I wish to resign.”
He typically received a weekly salary from Housekeeper Taneja.
“Why?” Klein looked at himself in the mirror as he adjusted his vest.
Meanwhile, he leisurely thought, Not bad at all. You know how to resign by
your own volition and not bring trouble to your employer…
Richardson had already thought of an excuse.
“I believe I’m lacking in ability to be a valet. At last night’s ball, I realized
how lacking I was when I was interacting with the servants of the other
guests.”
Klein smiled.
“Everyone begins with zero experience. Few grew up with experience.
Consider it again, and give me your final answer tomorrow.”
“Yes, sir.” Richardson didn’t speak further as he took the initiative to leave
the room. He went to the first floor to help his employer pick up the
morning papers.
During this process, he would always first flip through it and place the most
interesting articles at the top.
While flipping through, his gaze froze as he focused on an article:
“An explosion happened at 79 Dirham Street in the Backlund Bridge area.
It’s suspected to be related to the Black Skeleton Gang…
“According to the police, all the upper echelons of the Black Skeleton Gang
died in this accident, including Lima, Moreira, Godotpos…”
This… Richardson shook his head, suspecting that he was dreaming.