Chapter 1323

Development Plan
After hearing the City of Silver citizens’ wishes, a thought suddenly
surfaced in Klein’s mind:
Why is everything related to food…
Alger thought for a moment and said to Derrick, “You can make people
with such thoughts join the industry association in Bayam. Seek out suitable
teachers through the association, and directly invite people with specialties
in such fields to teach in the new City of Silver and provide generous
salaries.
“Of course, the prerequisite is that you have to get the residents to grasp the
language of the Rorsted Archipelago as soon as possible. On this basis,
Loenese, ancient Feysac, and Dutanese have to be taught too.”
After The Hanged Man finished speaking, The Hermit Cattleya gave her
suggestion:
“Other than organizing the mercenary teams, you can also try to apply for
civil jobs in the various cities of the Rorsted Archipelago to handle
supernatural matters.”
Although the Rorsted Archipelago government and the Church of the Sea
God had obtained a batch of Beyonder characteristics and the
corresponding potion formulas from the City of Silver and Moon City, they
were unable to nurture enough Beyonders in a short period of time.
Sequence 9 was relatively still alright. The chances of someone being
selected for their good mental strength and physique to lose control from
consuming the potion were actually very small. If one were to further
advance, acting might not necessarily be successful, and it also required
time.
Under such circumstances, as long as the residents of the City of Silver
became members of the official faction, they wouldn’t be worried about
losing their jobs in the future.
Of course, the Rorsted Archipelago’s government would definitely control
the number of applicants. The City of Silver wouldn’t be able to completely
resolve everyone’s employment problems using this route.
Klein agreed with Ma’am Hermit’s suggestion. Furthermore, he believed
that there was a need for him to give a revelation to Danitz, allowing the
Rorsted Archipelago government and the Church of Sea God to increase the
number of official Beyonders to a certain range.
This wasn’t to help the City of Silver’s residents and the majority of the
deformed people in Moon City find jobs, but to deal with the impending
apocalypse, the deeper corruption of the Outer Deities, and the gradually
increasing frequency of supernatural incidents.
At that moment, Cattleya glanced at Miss Justice and continued speaking to
Derrick.
“You should now have a large amount of liquid funds. You can try to invest
in the mines, spice plantations, farms, and purchase fertile land and forests
with rich produce. They’re all very cheap now. Yes, although the Church of
the Lord of Storms can still influence the archipelago, and although the new
government promises to protect the local businesses, there are still a large
number of people from Loen, Feysac, and Intis who lack confidence. They
wish to cash out and return to their countries as soon as possible.”
That Oracle named Danitz recently bought a spice plantation… Derrick
recalled what he had heard before and immediately felt enlightened.
Cattleya’s suggestion gave others inspiration. Audrey immediately added,
“When negotiating, it’s best if you invite some professional lawyers. If not,
you’ll be fooled easily. Well, if you think there’s a need, you can bring
along a Psyche Analyst from the city.
“Also, you have a medium-sized port that can develop the corresponding
economy…
“While the official Beyonders of the Rorsted Archipelago’s government and
the Church of the Sea God are lacking in generation knowledge, you can set
paid classes designed for outsiders in the New City of Silver’s Savant
schools. Well, remove the knowledge that will easily clash with the
orthodox Church…
“The railway connecting the new City of Silver and other cities must be
built as soon as possible…”
Derrick was taken aback when he heard that. He hurriedly raised his hand
and said, “Sorry, I need to memorize what was just said.”
I forgot that he has no foundation in economics… Audrey reflected on
herself, closed her mouth, and smiled as she signaled for Little Sun to seek
help from Mr. Fool.
After Derrick conjured a pen and paper and wrote down the previous
suggestions, Audrey, Emlyn, The Star Leonard, and the other members of
the Tarot Club offered their ideas one after another. They also rebutted the
suggestions that weren’t mature or pragmatic enough.
This intense scene lasted for nearly half an hour before ending. Derrick
looked at the adequately thick pieces of paper in front of him and couldn’t
help but smile.
He seemed to have seen the beautiful future of the City of Silver.
Sitting at the end of the long, mottled table, The Fool Klein sighed for some
baffling reason as his heart felt a lot heavier.
If one didn’t consider how the apocalypse was about a decade away, the
discussion would’ve been pleasing regarding the promising future that
awaited the City of Silver.
However, the arrival of the apocalypse wouldn’t change because of the will
of humans. Even saints and angels couldn’t do it.
Looking away from the paper in front of him, Derrick deliberated and said,
“We have already built the temple and cathedral meant for Mr. Fool. We
wish to proselytize to various cities in the archipelago. What do we need to
pay attention to?”
Alger frowned slightly and said, “Have you written a Holy Bible? Have you
designed the Order of Mass and prayer details?”
“Yes.” Derrick nodded heavily.
That was based on his knowledge of the miracles Mr. Fool had shown,
combined with the religious scriptures left behind by the Creator.
Furthermore, the City of Silver had also prayed to The Fool seeking “His”
thoughts on the matter, “His” attitude was a tacit agreement.
“Has the internal system of the Church been set up?” Alger continued
asking.
Derrick subconsciously looked at Mr. Fool, who was shrouded in layers of
grayish-white fog, and turned around.
“Currently, it’s following the internal system of the other Churches. The
Chief of our six-member council will hold the role of archbishop, and a
number of enthusiastic citizens have been appointed as bishops and priests.”
The City of Silver didn’t set up an organization to deal with Beyonder
matters within the Church, since most of them were Beyonders, and there
were already the corresponding organizations in place previously.
Alger saw that Mr. Fool didn’t object nor agree. He controlled his desire to
teach and nodded slightly.
“You can try that out first.”
He paused for a moment before saying, “However, there are two things to
take note of. First, don’t badmouth the other Churches, lest there be
conflict. Second, it’s to respect the current Oracle. In the absence of a leader
appointed by Mr. Fool, the Oracle is the representative of a deity.”
Third, don’t engage in religious harassment during proselytizing… Besides,
I have serious doubts about the eloquence of the bishops and priests of the
City of Silver. I’ll need to get Danitz to find professionals to train them…
The Fool Klein, who was listening quietly, muttered inwardly.
He didn’t express his opinion on the Holy Bible written by the City of
Silver, because it was a little awkward, but if he objected to certain
descriptions, it would also damage The Fool’s image.
With this in mind, Klein couldn’t help but lampoon.
Perhaps one day, when Will Auceptin reads the Holy Bible of the Church of
The Fool, he would blurt out in surprise: When did I become an angel under
The Fool?
Then, Leonard’s grandpa, the awakened Mr. Azik, and Miss Messenger,
who has been trying hard to recover, will add, “What? Me too?”
After the conversation regarding the City of Silver and Moon City came to
an end, Cattleya looked around in anticipation and said, “Which of you has
a Sequence 3 Beyonder characteristic of the Mystery Pryer pathway?”
She had already digested the Mysticologist potion for quite some time, but
she had only obtained the potion formula from the Moses Ascetic Order.
She was still far from obtaining the Beyonder characteristic or the main
ingredients.
Although she was one of the ten key members of the Moses Ascetic Order,
the corresponding resources became more valuable the higher the
Sequence. Even an ancient organization wouldn’t squander them freely.
Furthermore, Cattleya came from the Dawn and was less affected by the
Hidden Sage, so she wasn’t that trusted in the Moses Ascetic Order.
To Cattleya, who had already digested the potion a long time ago using the
Snake of Fate’s blood to advance to a Mysticologist, Sequence 3 should’ve
been a relatively easier stage. However, she was bottlenecked by the
ingredients. It might not even be possible for her to obtain one for years or
even more than a decade.
Hence, she had no choice but to seek help at the Tarot Club.
Derrick recalled the demigod characteristics that the City of Silver had and
slowly shook his head.
At that moment, The World Gehrman Sparrow said with a hoarse chuckle,
“I suggest you ask Queen Mystic directly.”
Bernadette had already become a Sequence 2 angel. If she had an additional
Clairvoyant Beyonder characteristic in her, she could attempt to separate it.
Of course, Klein couldn’t be certain that the Sage potion that Queen Mystic
consumed contained the previous Sequence 3 and Sequence 4
characteristics.
Ask the Queen? Cattleya got some clues from The World’s answer and
suspected that something had happened to the Queen.
“Okay.” She controlled the urge to ask.
Klein continued controlling The World and said to Ma’am Hermit, “I have a
long-term mission: Help me collect information regarding the Hidden
Sage’s sudden coming back to life.
“You can raise the corresponding remuneration now. Or you can wait until
there’s a need in the future.”
Klein was still puzzled over this matter. Although it could be described as a
Uniqueness suddenly coming to life, it should’ve happened a long time ago
if it was possible.
Cattleya thought for a moment and said, “That wouldn’t be an issue.”
After another round of exchanges, the Tarot Gathering ended and the
members returned to the real world.
In the captain’s cabin of the Future, Cattleya nudged the heavy glasses on
her nose bridge and thought about how to write the letter to the Queen.
During this process, she strolled to the window and saw Frank Lee
promoting the alcohol-free volcano beer brewed by sea microorganisms to
the crew.
He really has the drive… Just as Cattleya sighed, she suddenly frowned.
At the Tarot Club just now, Mr. Fool mentioned that the Planter and The
Moon are two rather special pathways. They come from the cosmos, and
they are prone to corruption. The divine epiphanies they receive are
questionable.
Frank is a Beyonder of the Planter pathway…
Besides, he once complained that the Church of Earth Mother didn’t
understand the true will of the merciful mother… Cattleya’s eyes that were
blocked by the heavy lens narrowed slightly.