Chapter 1310

: Envoy
The prayer hall in the Evernight cathedral was as dark as before. Only the
holes on the walls allowed some light to seep in, like stars in the night.
Klein sat in a corner that wasn’t eye-catching. He took off his tall hat and
began praying like a pious member of the congregation.
He simply mentioned how Roselle had revived in his last mausoleum, and
focused on the corruption of the Primordial Moon. He deliberately
emphasized that, in order to prevent the “crimson moon” within him from
being born in the real world, Roselle had chosen to terminate the process of
having his Black Emperor Uniqueness and three Sequence 1 characteristics
return to him.
At the end of the prayer, Klein pointed out the hidden dangers of the Cards
of Blasphemy, and he expressed his concerns about the whereabouts of the
Mother card and The Moon Card.
In fact, Roselle only mentioned the need to be careful of the Mother card
and didn’t mention The Moon. However, Klein knew that the two pathways
of Earth and Moon belonged to the Mother Goddess of Depravity.
Therefore, to be cautious, he specially added The Moon Card.
This was also the main reason he was worried about Earth Mother Lilith.
Compared to most of the twenty-two pathways, the High-Sequence
Beyonders of the Planter and Moon pathway had a huge advantage. That
was that they didn’t need to worry about the Primordial One from
awakening in their bodies. They didn’t need to worry about dissociation
from approaching the world underground. This was because the Beyonder
characteristics they possessed didn’t directly come from the Primordial One
which led to no corresponding mental imprint. However, if they were to
directly go underground and enter the Chaos Sea, no matter who it was,
they would encounter corruption. It was just that the extent would be
different.
This advantage was very likely due to the fact that the Sanguine Ancestor
Lilith was more special than the other ancient gods. After all, “She” didn’t
need to divert a large part of “Her” energy to resist the will of the
Primordial One awakening within her. And back then, the invisible barrier
protecting this world was still sufficiently sturdy, separating the Mother
Goddess of Depravity and the other Great Old Ones from Earth, making it
difficult for “Them” to exert too much of an influence on the situation
inside.
But with the passage of time, this advantage gradually became a problem.
As the underground corruption became weaker and weaker, the invisible
barrier also became weaker and cracks began appearing. Under such
circumstances, Earth Mother Lilith’s situation became worse. This was
because “She” was facing the intrusion of the Mother Goddess of Depravity
that was ever increasing in potency and terror. In this aspect, the original
Creator—the Oldest One—who was dead was definitely inferior to the
living Mother Goddess of Depravity.
Considering how Outer Deities who had transcended Sequences had an
influence on Beyonders from their own pathway, Klein felt that he couldn’t
afford negligence on such matters.
After he finished his prayer, he waited for nearly five minutes. After
confirming that there was no response, he stood up, put on his wandering
magician’s tall hat, and walked out of the cathedral that belonged to the
Evernight.
To him, this was mainly a disclosure obligation. As for what the Evernight
Goddess planned to do with it, or if “She” would remind him of certain
matters, it was beyond his control.
In short, Klein could only temporarily believe that the Evernight Goddess
knew the relative importance of matters.
…
Backlund, at the Harvest Church south of the Bridge.
The top-hatted Emlyn White got off his carriage and looked at the sun
covered by the clouds and mist.
On the way to the entrance of the cathedral, he gently rotated the ring on his
left hand, as if to flaunt his identity.
The ring was semi-translucent in color, as though it was made from light-
red amber. There was a blood-red gem embedded on its tip—a reward
Emlyn had received a long time ago—Lilith’s Ring.
After becoming a demigod, Emlyn could suppress the effect of bloodthirst
from the ring to a certain extent. Every day, he only needed to drink three
bottles of human blood to be immune to the corresponding negative effects.
Therefore, in order to showcase his special identity as the Ancestor’s
Blessed, he began wearing this ring permanently.
After entering the Harvest Church, Emlyn automatically removed his top
hat.
At this moment, Cosmi, Ernes, and the other Sanguine in Backlund, who
were waiting for Bishop Utravsky, stood up one after another. Looking
down at the aisle, they greeted softly, “Good morning, My Lord.”
Emlyn looked ahead and nodded indiscernibly.
“Is Mistral still not here yet?”
“Count Mistral set up a chapel at home,” Ernes simply explained.
Emlyn didn’t comment on this. He walked forward and casually said, “He
will still have to come when Mass is held.”
He looked around before saying, “Where’s Bishop Utravsky?”
“The bishop is waiting for you behind. The Church’s envoy has arrived.”
Ernes controlled his facial expression as he answered Emlyn’s question
politely.
The Church’s envoy… Emlyn rotated the light-red ring on his left hand and
walked to the back of the cathedral.
Soon, he saw Father Utravsky and the slightly curly black-haired envoy the
Church with a tall nose and deep eyes.
“This is the archbishop, His Grace Loreto,” Father Utravsky introduced the
envoy to Emlyn.
He stood by the window, blocking most of the light.
“Good morning, Your Grace,” Emlyn replied with the etiquette of the
Church of Earth.
Loreto smiled and spoke in rather awkward Loenese.
“There’s no need to address me as Your Grace. Although you aren’t an
archbishop, you have the status of an archbishop. From today onwards, you
will be a hierophant, a high-ranking deacon of the Church. You will be in
charge of the Sanguine matters in Backlund.”
Without giving Emlyn any time to digest this information, Loreto
continued, “I came to Backlund under the Holy See’s orders. I’ll tell you
everything that needs to be taken note of within the Church.”
“Please speak,” Emlyn suppressed his glee and said politely.
Loreto’s expression immediately turned serious.
“First of all, the most important point is that, be it the clergymen of the
Church or the believers of the Earth Mother, as long as you claim that you
have obtained a revelation, they are individuals who have been enticed by
demons—with no exceptions.
“If anyone reports something like this to you, or if you have obtained a
revelation personally, please inform Bishop Utravsky as soon as possible
and report it to the Church.”
Father Utravsky didn’t mention this before… This request sounds very
strange, as though there’s some suspicion… Emlyn frowned as he looked at
Father Utravsky who was standing by the window.
“The bishop never said anything about taking note of such matters…”
Before he finished his sentence, Emlyn suddenly realized that he came off
as criticizing Bishop Utravsky, but he couldn’t find any better explanation
in his haste.
Almost at the same time, he understood what was odd about what
Archbishop Loreto had said.
This was telling everyone that the Earth Mother you sensed isn’t the real
Earth Mother!
This is saying that a large number of the revelations us Sanguine received
from the Ancestor are fake. It’s from demons or evil gods… The look in
Emlyn’s eyes sank as he tried to maintain his composure.
At this moment, Loreto didn’t mind and smiled.
“Bishop Utravsky didn’t tell you because he didn’t know either.”
Father didn’t know… In that instant, Emlyn actually felt a little sympathetic
towards Bishop Utravsky. He felt that as a Feysacian, a hierophant who had
changed faith in his later years, he had been ostracized by the other
members of the Church of Earth.
Sensing the change in his gaze, Loreto added, “That’s because he’s a
Blessed. He doesn’t need to care about the temptation of demons and evil
gods.”
Bishop Utravsky nodded and said calmly, “The revelations of Earth Mother
are in ‘Her’ Holy Bible, in those lines of teaching. Anything other than that
is heresy.”
Emlyn was somewhat puzzled, but he couldn’t think of any question. He
grunted and said to Loreto, “Then what is the second point that needs
paying attention?”
Loreto made his expression turn serious.
“If you receive a revelation, don’t blindly believe it. Please immediately
seek confirmation from Bishop Utravsky.”
“Why?” Emlyn was puzzled.
This was basically telling him that the only response he would receive was
either from evil gods or demons.
Loreto deliberated over his words and explained in detail,
“In this world, there are many evil existences. ‘They’ will pretend to be
deities, and bewitch the clergyman in an act of enticing believers.
“That’s because the two main pathways of the Church of Earth Mother are
related to life. Therefore, the effects they receive are more severe than the
other Churches. From time to time, there are people who will take the
wrong path and attempt forbidden life experiments; thus, slowly
degenerating.
“In order to prevent such a development, we reorganized the Church a long
time ago under the guidance of the Mother’s will to establish the system of
a Favored and Blessed.”
Favored and Blessed… Emlyn’s understanding of the Church of Earth was
limited to the Holy Bible and part of the scriptures. He was momentarily at
a loss.
He had never taken the initiative to ask Father Utravsky about the Church
of Earth Mother.
Loreto glanced at Emlyn and nodded slightly.
“The Favored are clergymen who have won the Mother’s favor and are
from the two pathways of Earth and Moon. The Blessed refers to people
who have obtained the Mother’s blessing and are from other pathways.
“The latter is less affected by the demons and evil gods. It can help us
verify the authenticity of the revelations.
“Under such circumstances, even if it’s a decree issued by the Holy See,
there has to be at least a second-in-command Favored. Otherwise, it can be
regarded as null and void.”
As he spoke, Loreto took out a document and unfolded it in front of Emlyn.
Apart from what the archbishop had just said, it included the details of him
accepting the mission and appointment as an envoy.
At the end of the document, there were a few names. The first was from the
Holy See of the Church of Earth, Matriarch Roland, and the rest were all
names that Emlyn didn’t know. He barely recognized the last one to be
Father Utravsky.
Father Utravsky’s handwriting is really ugly… As Emlyn mumbled to
himself, he began to have a strong sense of doubt regarding the Blessed and
Favored system.
Why were the Blessed less enticed by evil gods or demons?
Why were they able to verify a revelation, but the Favored couldn’t?
As his thoughts raced, Emlyn suddenly noticed a detail:
The Blessed aren’t from the two pathways of Earth and Moon!
Therefore, the problem didn’t lie in the Favored, but the two pathways
themselves? Emlyn vaguely felt that his guess was the truth.