Chapter 1163

Approaching
Above the gray fog, the crimson star representing The Star also burgeoned
and contracted. The rippling light gradually overlapped with the other
ripples created by the other three crimson stars, turning into a tidal wave
that surged through the entire mysterious space, causing the space to vibrate
slightly.
After describing the matter related to Klein, Leonard ended his prayers and
waited for Mr. Fool to respond.
However, he still didn’t receive any feedback after nearly fifteen minutes.
Mr. Fool has always been very responsive… Leonard couldn’t help but
mutter.
After a few seconds of silence, Pallez Zoroast reminded with a slightly-
aged voice, “Recall what The Fool said recently.’
Leonard thought carefully and slowly said, “In the middle of the week, ‘He’
reminded us not to head into the woods in the northwestern outskirts of
Backlund… Yes, ‘He’ seemed to hint that the gathering might not be held as
planned…”
“As expected.” Pallez Zoroast let out a long sigh and said, “The Fool had
predicted Amon’s appearance to a certain extent. ‘They’ might be fighting
in different domains now. One of them wishes to hold onto Sefirah Castle,
while the other wishes to become the new owner of Sefirah Castle. Your
former colleague has unfortunately been embroiled in this matter.”
“Mr. Fool had expected this? Is this a trap ‘He’ laid for Amon?” Leonard’s
green eyes lit up as he blurted out.
Pallez spent a significant amount of time thinking as “He” spoke much
slower.
“Perhaps that’s the case. Perhaps it’s because Amon exploited the trap and
took the initiative. Don’t underestimate a Blasphemer, a powerful King of
Angels.”
According to what Leonard knew, Mr. Fool was either the owner of the
Sefirah Castle who was slowly recovering, corresponding to some unknown
deity in history, or “He” was the embodiment of sefirot. Currently, “He”
was unable to control “His” authority and strength very well, something
that could be fixed with a further qualitative change.
And regardless of the possibilities, Mr. Fool was still unable to reach the
level of a true deity. He was likely on the same level as the King of Angels.
Under such circumstances, it was rather normal that Mr. Fool and the
terrifying Blasphemer would undergo an intense battle. After all, that person
was one of “Them,” one of the strongest hidden existences beneath the
deities. “He” was even more powerful than the Hidden Sage that was
usually categorized as an evil god. Even deities were somewhat
apprehensive towards “Him.”
“…”Leonard couldn’t help but tense up. He asked in a low voice worriedly,
“Old Man, do you have any way to provide any help? Isn’t Amon your
greatest enemy?”
Such help might be limited, but it should be able to pull Klein out of the
maelstrom.
Upon hearing that, Pallez Zoroast laughed and said with an obvious self-
deprecating tone, “Aren’t you expecting too much from me?
“Indeed, if Amon obtains Sefirah Castle, I’ll definitely die at ‘His’ hands. I
might not be able to survive this winter. And if Sefirah Castle is left with
The Fool, I might have a chance of surviving in the future.
“But would an old man like me, who has just recovered to Sequence 2, have
the ability to interfere with a battle at this level?
“Even if I were to use the Yesterday Once More charms, what can I do in
the short time span of two to three seconds? Yes, yes. At the critical
moment, I might be able to help The Fool warp the situation, but I don’t
even know where ‘They’ are fighting. How can I seize the opportunity?”
Leonard fell silent after hearing Old Man’s long answer. He immediately
bowed his head and raised his hands to press them against the sides of his
head. He muttered to himself, “Don’t tell me that I can only watch
helplessly…”
Pallez sighed and said, “Be patient. All we can do now is be patient.
“The Fool and Evemight, and some other deities and Kings of Angels seem
to have some tacit understanding with each other. They might even be
cooperating with one another. ‘They’ will not allow Amon to take away
Sefirah Castle.
“Wait patiently. Perhaps it won’t take long for a window of opportunity to
appear.”
Leonard straightened his body and leaned back. He took a deep breath and
exhaled.
“I understand.”
The Blue Avenger, which had been ordered by the Church of the Lord of
Storms to attack the port and Feysacian merchant ships near the waters of
Sonia Island, was hiding somewhere outside the safe sea route.
Alger Wilson stood behind the window of the captain’s cabin, using his
extremely distant vision to stare at the long coastline.
To this “newly advanced” Ocean Songster’s point of view, many captains
who received similar missions were the cream of the crop of the Mid-
Sequence Beyonders. Their joint operation would definitely be able to
effectively harm the traffic flow of Feysacian waters.
This also meant that an attack from Feysac would be reasonably fierce, with
a high chance of a Sequence 4 demigod leading the attack. Of course, one
couldn’t eliminate the possibility of a Sequence 3 War Bishop or Silver
Knight appearing.
This was a dangerous development for Alger. He didn’t wish to put himself
in such danger.
At the same time, his crew, colleagues, and partners would monitor each
other, preventing anyone from deserting. If Alger were to skive and walk on
the edge of danger, it wouldn’t take long for him to consider killing most of
the crew members and become a true pirate, or lose the Blue Avenger and
return to Pasu Island for an internal probe.
After this operation ends, the captains who could still survive wouldn’t
exceed a third… Alger calmly analyzed the situation and quickly came up
with a plan to avoid danger.
That was to participate in the operation, but not take center stage.
Alger planned on using a “surprise attack” on the port while his brethren
frenetically attacked the Feysacian merchant and supply ships. This would
bring the people on board his ship onto Sonia Island, allowing them to lay
in ambush in a primeval forest. Occasionally, he would cause some minor
disturbances to the port which were easily managed. This way, the Feysac
demigods would definitely cast their gazes at the sea, and not towards him.
At the same time, in the eyes of the crew, he would be a role model who
was willing to take great risks to enter the enemy’s borders.
After thinking through all the details, Alger immediately gathered the crew
and repeated his plans. Finally, he emphasized, “This will be very
dangerous. Trust me, it’s very, very dangerous. We won’t be able to advance
and retreat like we can at sea. We might be surrounded by enemies at any
time, but such an attack will definitely exceed the expectations of the
Feysacians, and it will give us the outcome we want.
“Are you willing to remain on the ship as cowards, or do you want to
follow me into battle as a hero to show your devotion to the Lord?”
The crew members felt their blood boiling as they rashly said, “F*ck the
Feysacians!”
Very good.” Alger felt relieved as he struck his right fist on his left breast.
“May the Storm be with us!”
“May the Storm be with us!” the sailors saluted and shouted.
After making the necessary arrangements, Alger believed that he needed to
borrow the Unshadowed Crucifix as soon as possible so as to purge the
excess Ocean Songster’s Beyonder characteristic. Although he had
exaggerated the danger of landing on the island, there was still a certain
level of danger involved. Therefore, he wanted to quickly recover to his
optimal condition.
And he had long understood Mr. Fool’s earlier hint. He felt that tonight or
tomorrow morning, Mr. Fool would officially inform them that the
gathering was to be canceled.
Of course, there were some ideas in the deepest depths of Alger’s heart. He
suspected that every time Mr. Fool canceled the Tarot Club, something had
happened to “Him.” He wanted to use this prayer to test if this mighty
existence was still normal.
No, I can’t. Thou shalt not test God… This isn’t a test. Mr. Fool didn’t hint
that I can’t pray to “Him” recently. Besides, borrowing the Unshadowed
Crucifix is something I really need to do within the next few days… Alger
paced back and forth, unable to make a decision.
At this moment, he heard the sound of waves crashing. Through the
additional type of vision provided by the ghost ship, he saw the water part
as a huge fish-type creature appeared.
The strange-looking giant fish opened its mouth and spat out a small metal
ball that landed on the deck.
Alger nodded and expressed his gratitude with his singing.
This was a sea creature that the Church of the Lord of Storms had tamed. In
this operation, it and its companions were the messengers between the
various ships and the islands.
Upon receiving his gratitude, the giant fish-like creature trembled. With a
flick of its tail, it headed deep into the sea and swam into the distance.
Alger looked at it silently for two seconds before summoning a gust of wind
to bring the metal ball into the captain’s cabin.
He twisted open the metal ball and took out the piece of paper inside.
Alger’s eyes froze from a mere glance at it.
George III has been assassinated… Alger repeated the content with a heavy
expression before recalling The World Gehrman Sparrow’s reminder and
Mr. Fool’s hints.
This time, he no longer hesitated. He locked the room and softly muttered
the honorific name, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era…”
These prayers are almost becoming a choral symphony… Mr. Hanged Man
wants to borrow the Unshadowed Crucifix from Little Sun? Leonard…
Yes… These voices are stacked over one another, undulating in pitch and
volume. It’s making the surroundings tremble… Klein rubbed his temples,
having a feeling that he had been struck by lightning from every direction.
At this moment, he followed Amon deeper into the desolate moors and saw
the grayish-yellow fog that blanketed the area. There were a few ravines
and in the deep, dark depths, there were plenty of things roaming.
Compared to the quiet, lurking monsters from before, the ones here were
rather special.
The pointy-hatted Amon raised his hand to nudge his monocle and pointed
ahead with a smile.
“Another half a day and we should be reaching our final destination.”
Haifa day… It hasn’t been a day yet… Didn’t you say three days?” Klein’s
pupils seemingly dilated.
Amon smiled and said, “I said not more than three days.
“One day is not more than three days, too.
Upon saying that, the King of Angels paused and asked with piqued
interest, “Did I hamper your arrangements? “Are you feeling more
despair?”
Klein didn’t answer as he suddenly reached out his hand and grabbed into
the void beside him.