Chapter 1076

: Dorian’s Request
Outside Room 2016 at the Hat Trick Inn on Cherwood Borough’s 22 Hope
Street.
Fors directly walked through the wall without drawing anyone’s attention.
Then, she knocked on the door in a rhythm that was previously agreed
upon.
Not long after, Dorian Gray Abraham, who was dressed in black, with his
broad shoulders and thick arms, unlocked the door and turned the doorknob.
The gentleman quickly sized up the area and made way for Fors to enter the
room.
“I really didn’t expect you to become a Scribe so soon…” After closing the
door, Dorian carefully examined the door’s lock before turning around and
sighing.
Based on the standards of this era, he was considered a middle-aged man,
but he was still a Sequence 7 Astrologer. He had no hope of advancing
Yet, his student, Fors Wall, took about a year to go from Sequence 9 to
Sequence 6.
This comparison between the two made Dorian feel poignant and sad.
The Abraham family’s bloodline should’ve been noble and enviable, but
now, it was a heavy curse that made him depressed.
“It’s because you taught me well.” Although Fors didn’t like going out and
enjoyed staying at home, she would still be invited by the nobles from time
to time. She was a best-selling author who participated in high society’s
literary salons, so she wasn’t clueless as to how to speak. Furthermore, she
had indeed obtained quite a bit of help from her teacher—from providing
knowledge and money to formulas and ingredients.
Dorian looked at her and shook his head with a smile.
“It’s not like you’re my only student. As far as I remember, this
advancement speed can only be matched by one person.”
He paused and continued, “Next up, your target is Sequence 5 Traveler. And
I have even higher expectations for you. I hope that you can obtain godhood
and become a Sequence 4 Secrets Sorcerer.
“Of course, I also have a request. When you truly become a demigod, try to
pray to a hidden existence and listen to ‘His’ answer to figure out what ‘He’
is talking about.
“This is indeed a bit dangerous, but a Sequence 4 demigod would have
sufficient power to withstand it. Without any other elements at play, there
shouldn’t be any problems.”
“Teacher, is this answer important to you?” Although Fors knew what was
going on, she still acted curious and puzzled.
Dorian fell silent for a few seconds before sighing
“It’s very important. My parents, my brothers, my sisters, my children, too
many people have sacrificed their lives in pursuit of this answer, but to no
avail…
“Don’t worry. We paid such a huge price because there’s an ancient curse
on our family’s bloodline, and you aren’t related to us by blood.
“I don’t expect to find a way to break the curse through that answer during
my generation. However, I hope to know where it originates from and
understand the cause of my death…”
Upon saying this, Dorian took a deep breath and didn’t continue.
For some reason, Fors could feel the weight of time that had accumulated
over a thousand years, generation after generation, bearing down on her
shoulders.
She really couldn’t imagine how painful it would be for a person’s
ancestors, parents, brothers, sisters, and children to directly or indirectly die
from the same curse.
Thinking of how well her teacher had been taking care of her, Fors, who
had only received this type of care from her elders, opened her eyes,
lowered her head, and nodded.
“I’ll try my best.”
Dorian held back his feelings and nodded slightly.
“The most praiseworthy trait of yours is your kindness.”
Fors felt a little embarrassed as she turned to talk about a phrase the teacher
had mentioned.
“Family?”
She remembered that her teacher had never told her about the Abraham
family. He had claimed that he, Lawrence, and Aulisa were members of a
secret organization.
In order to differentiate between matters which her teacher had told her and
what she had learned at the Tarot Club, Fors had done a serious list of what
she should know before she left home, to prevent herself from accidentally
revealing information she shouldn’t have.
Dorian answered simply, “In order to solve the curse, everyone in my
family joined that organization.”
He immediately changed the subject.
“Why did you move out in a hurry this time?”
“I was targeted by official Beyonders.” Fors first said a half-truth before
complaining a little about the mailman.
Dorian didn’t say anything else as he stepped away from Fors and set up a
ritual. He summoned the music-loving void creature, Malmouth, and he
made it spit out three items.
One was a transparent, nearly illusory crystal, and the second item was a
piece of ancient goatskin parchment. The third was a small hunter’s
backpack.
“This is a Beyonder characteristic left behind by a Traveler. With it, you
don’t need to gather any additional main ingredients. This is the Traveler
potion formula. This backpack contains the corresponding supplementary
ingredients. If you don’t have a good way to preserve them, try your best to
finish digesting the Scribe potion within half a year. Otherwise, their
spirituality will be completely lost…” Dorian handed everything over to
Fors.
“Thank you, Teacher,” Fors said sincerely.
Then, she unfurled the goatskin and quickly skimmed through the potion
formula before placing her focus on the ritual.
“Set up special coordinates in four completely different spots deep in the
spirit world which are all set up extremely far away from each other.”
“The goal of this ritual is?” Fors thought for a few seconds and asked her
teacher.
“After consuming the Traveler potion, you will wander the spirit world
chaotically. When you grasp some degree of initial level over your powers,
you will realize that you have lost your way. At that moment, you can use
the four special coordinates to return to the real world. Otherwise, you will
be trapped in the depths of the spirit world for a long time. Not only is it
dangerous inside, but it will also assimilate you, making you lose your mind
and become a living creature that is attached to the spirit world.” Although
Dorian had no hope of becoming a Traveler, he had seen students advancing
to Sequence 5 before.
“Then there should be another alternative…” Fors muttered in thought.
“Yes.” Dorian nodded and said, “Previously, there was something in the
organization that could allow people to instantly return to the real world
from the spirit world. Unfortunately, it was lost.”
Without waiting for Fors to ask, Dorian said, “If I’m saying-if you really
become a demigod and fulfill my wish, I’ll hand over an important item that
I’m in charge of to you. This is an expectation your teacher has for
you.”
One of the powerful Sealed Artifacts of the Abraham family? Fors had a
vague guess, but she didn’t dare promise anything. She said the same thing,
“I’ll try my best.”
Following that, she asked curiously, “Teacher, you mentioned that Sequence
4 is a Secrets Sorcerer. What about Sequence 3, 2, and Sequence 1?”
Dorian immediately laughed.
“You’re only a Sequence 6.
“Yes, Sequence 3’s name is ‘Wanderer.’ Sequence 2 is ‘Planeswalker,’ and
the Sequence 1 potion name is ‘Key of Stars.’
“Heh heh, it’s a good thing that you mentioned this. I actually forgot to
organize a list of things to take note of in the spirit world. These are things
that must be remembered after becoming a Traveler.
“In that case, I’ll stay for another night. You can visit me tomorrow for the
documents.”
As Fors ruminated over the names of the High-Sequence potions of the
Apprentice pathway, she agreed.
“Alright, Teacher.”
After settling these matters, Dorian paced back and forth and thought for a
moment before instructing, “The Beyonder characteristics of the same
pathway have a certain attraction towards each other. It’s not obvious when
one’s at a low Sequence, but the higher the Sequence, the stronger it
becomes.
“Sometimes, this kind of attraction isn’t something you can directly feel,
while also making you unknowingly approach a High-Sequence Beyonder
of the same pathway. When you become a Traveler, you have to pay
attention to this matter.”
At this point, Dorian paused and said, “Not many demigods of the
Apprentice pathway are still alive. Among them, you need to be extra
careful of a man named Botis. He is the Saint of Secrets from the Aurora
Order and, just like Lewis, he’s a traitor of our organization. I will give you
his portrait tomorrow.”
Botis… Fors repeated the name her teacher had mentioned in her mind.
At the same time, she had a new understanding about the Aurora Order
Oracle, Lewis Wien, over the previous chance encounter.
Perhaps it wasn’t a chance encounter, but the attraction force between
Beyonder characteristics. Teacher had a sufficiently powerful Sealed
Artifact from the Apprentice pathway on him!
Fors quickly suppressed this thought and began asking for advice on how to
act as a Scribe.
In the Berg household in the City of Silver.
There’s actually a path that can bypass the front of the Giant King’s Court
and enter the interior from the Waning Forest and Barren Tunnel… Derrick
Berg recalled the information he had been shared by Mr. World above the
gray fog.
This was very important to the City of Silver, as the early-stage
explorations after the Afternoon Town camp had set off implied that the
closer they were to the Giant King’s Court, the stronger the monsters that
originated from the darkness were.
“I have to tell the Chief!” Derrick abruptly stood up and rushed out of his
house, heading straight for the spire. As he wished, he saw the Chief of the
six-member council, Colin Iliad.
He followed Mr. Hanged Man’s instructions and said that he had recalled
some murals he had seen in the Afternoon Town’s “shadow.” On it was a
secret passage that led into the Giant King’s Court.
Colin Iliad listened quietly without interrupting Derrick’s narration. Finally,
he nodded gently and said, “Good, you did well.
“What do you want to exchange for this contribution?”
“A mature mind dragon’s complete brain.” Derrick was prepared.
Colin didn’t ask why as he thought for a moment and said, “If that secret
passage is real, then the value will definitely exceed the complete brain of
an adult mind dragon. Hmm… You can pick something else. Are you
interested in the potion formula for a relatively higher Sequence of the
Planter pathway?”
This is a question for Mr. Fool… While Derrick was enlightened, he said in
surprise, “Do we have a relatively higher Sequence potion formula for the
Planter pathway?”
He had no recollection of it.
“Of course. You should remember that the Giant King’s queen is the
Goddess of Harvest, but the surrounding areas lack the corresponding
Beyonder ingredients. There’s no rush. You can think about it again.” Colin
Iliad calmly changed the subject. “Are you skilled with your Priest of Light
powers?”
“Yes,” Derrick replied succinctly.
Colin was silent for a moment as he looked at the adolescent child before
him and said, “What kind of Saint-level Sealed Artifact do you want to
choose?”