Chapter 901

: The Mutated Paper Figurine
Klein didn’t bring Azik’s copper whistle directly above the gray fog this
time, but he did plan on doing it the same way he did back when he first
divined the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem. He completed it by using an
object’s projection. Although this would decrease the accuracy to a certain
extent, causing the divination to fail at obtaining any effective revelation, it
guaranteed that the item was undamaged thanks to the gray fog being an
intermediary layer.
He still recalled the time back when he divined the origins of the black ear
that came from the Listener. This Sealed Artifact had suffered retaliation
from the True Creator, causing it to crumble and reform into a charm.
Therefore, with the suspicion that the divination result could point to
Death’s corpse or other remains, a godhood power of a Sequence 0 that had
long perished but was still capable of changing the Berserk Sea’s
environment, Klein decided to leave Azik’s copper whistle in the real world
and divine using a projection. This was to avoid the possibility of damaging
such an important item. After all, Death and the True Creator were at the
same level!
As for why Klein dared to directly use Groselle’s Travels to divine its
origins, it was because the ancient god, Dragon of Imagination, had long
since perished. Its corresponding characteristic had likely been inherited by
someone else and changed hands several times. Furthermore, the book itself
was extremely strong. Even a blast of the Sea God Scepter at full strength
could hardly damage it. By the same logic, Mr. Door was likely only a King
of Angels and was in an exiled and quarantined state. He could only barely
send out his ravings, making it impossible for him to deal any actual
damage.
With the help of the power of the mysterious space above the gray fog, I
can quickly recover from the damage and corruption without any lasting
repercussions. If Azik’s copper whistle were to be destroyed, it would truly
be gone. I wouldn’t be able to contact Mr. Azik again and use it to attract
the undead. I won’t even be able to carry it around with me… Klein very
calmly and skillfully held the copper whistle’s projection and the paper with
the divination statement in hand before leaning back into his chair. Half-
closing his eyes, he chanted softly in a state of Cogitation, “The reason for
this copper whistle’s abnormality today.”
After chanting it seven times, Klein fell into a deep sleep and entered the
dream world.
After an unknown period of time, he saw a dark and gloomy mausoleum.
He saw a dark-colored staircase that extended downwards and coffins
placed around it.
The coffins were all open with dead bodies in them. On their backs grew
white feathers that were stained with pale yellow oil.
Even in the dream, Klein found the scene abnormally familiar, as though he
had once seen it before.
At that moment, he seemed to smell the putrid smell of rot and hear the
slow breathing of some object. He felt that the darkness in the mausoleum
was thickening, giving him an acute feeling of deathly silence.
Suddenly, ravings that were both loud and soft sounded at the same time.
The corpses in the coffins with white feathers on their backs floated up
together, and using their half-rotten and half-pale faces, they looked out of
the dream!
With his heart skipping a beat, Klein lost control of his heart, as though it
was grabbed by invisible hands and was ripped straight out of his chest.
During this process, his dream collapsed into fragments as it returned to
nothingness.
And the final scene Klein saw was that, not only were the corpses growing
white feathers on their backs and other parts of their body, there were thin
illusory black tubes that stabbed into their bodies. They extended deep into
the mausoleum where an endless cold, sinister, black fog emanated.
The black fog slowly contracted and expanded, producing panting sounds.
When the commotion from this scene landed in Klein’s eyes and ears, the
color in his skin rapidly drained. It left his skin rotting and overflowing
with pus. It made his pores produce thin and dense white feathers that were
stained with pale yellow oil. It made the projection of Azik’s copper whistle
in his hand shatter into a blob of black fog.
The long mottled table in the ancient palace rotted and collapsed as the
twenty-two high-back chairs were enveloped by white feathers as though
they had a life of their own.
Seeing the endless gray fog silently churn, the mysterious space above this
gently stirred, quickly restoring everything to normal. It was as though
nothing had happened.
Klein, who had collapsed to the side of the chair, reached out his hand and
grabbed the table leg and slowly stood up. Sitting back in his chair, he
exhaled slowly.
He rubbed his temples and subconsciously did a comparison.
Weaker than the True Creator and Eternal Blazing Sun, but stronger than
Mr. Door. However, I’m not sure if it’s because the latter was exiled and
quarantined which minimized the amount of power transmitted over.
Why am I thinking about these comparisons? It’s not like I’m their match. It
will still be the same even if I become a demigod…
Unfortunately, I didn’t directly see the object hidden in the black fog;
otherwise, I might be able to obtain some potion formulas or mysticism
knowledge.
Klein felt a baffling sense of regret as he cast his gaze to the side of his
chair. He saw an illusory black fog floating there.
It was the remnants after the shattering of the projection of Azik’s copper
whistle.
There’s no sensation of strength, which means it can’t be used as a charm.
What is its use? Klein thought of something else as he summoned a backup
Paper Angel from his junk pile and cast it onto the illusory black fog.
The moment the two made contact, they immediately fused together. The
paper figurine quickly turned black and appeared serene and quiet. On its
back grew white feathers that were stained with pale yellow oil.
Such a change was only maintained for a second. The paper figurine
returned to its original state, but it didn’t seem corporeal, as though it was
half-illusory.
Apart from that, there were feather-like patterns that covered the paper
figurine’s back.
What can this be used for? Klein made the mutated paper figurine land back
in his palm.
He didn’t dare to use divination to determine its effects, afraid to see the
scene from his dream before, allowing the now prepared object from deep
inside the black fog to invade where he was.
After repeated checks, Klein used his knowledge in mysticism to determine
something.
This doesn’t contain any powers itself, but it’s substantially unique. Perhaps
it can create special effects that are related to the undead domain when used
as a Paper Figurine Substitute or Paper Angel.
It’s like my adventurer’s harmonica. Although it doesn’t contain any
strength, it can summon a messenger with great strength…
Klein immediately put away the mutated paper figurine and began
interpreting the scene from his dream.
Black mausoleum, open coffins, corpses with feathers on their back, black
fog emanating deep inside. These revelations seem to point towards Death
or something important that Death left behind… Or perhaps it’s a certain
product of the Numinous Episcopate’s Artificial Death?
Right, why did I find what I saw familiar?
Klein carefully recalled and quickly found an answer.
He had seen a similar scene in a particular divination a long time ago!
That time, the contents of his divination was the result of hiding matters
related to Mr. Azik from the Nighthawks!
Back then, he had seen two scenes in his dream. One was of himself falling
into a sea of blood and being pulled out by Azik. The other was them
finding themselves in a dark and gloomy mausoleum, looking as though
they were searching for something!
Klein had once tried interpreting it, believing that the first scene represented
him in danger and being rescued by Mr. Azik. The second scene represented
them exploring a mausoleum or somewhere that symbolized a mausoleum
together.
The former had been verified during the meteor that came falling from the
skies in Backlund. The latter finally revealed clues today!
Could it be that the place that Mr. Azik and I will be exploring is the
mausoleum that I just “saw”? But, this mausoleum is very dangerous. The
object in the deepest part of the black fog has a very high level. It’s only
slightly weaker than true deities. Furthermore, it’s filled with
malevolence… Klein knitted his brows bit by bit, believing that their
exploration together wasn’t naturally a good thing.
This made him believe that it was necessary for him to stop Mr. Azik.
However, he also suspected that the divination scene he saw couldn’t be
avoided. Otherwise, a worse outcome would happen in a dramatic way of
having destiny unfold.
At least during my first divination, there was only the exploration scene and
no appearance of danger… Perhaps there’s a way to circumvent it… This
might be why Seers are often so vague. At times, being too clear might
backfire! Klein planned on vaguely mentioning his dream without
providing any interpretation when he met Mr. Azik again and allowing him
to share his views.
After making up his mind, Klein leaned back and looked at the dome of the
magnificent palace before vanishing from above the gray fog.
…
Light—shattered light and the pure light of dawn—emitted from the Elder
of the six-member council, the other Demon Hunter, Waite Chirmont’s
body. It dissolved the white feathers that grew out of the pores of his skin as
he suppressed the subsequent squirming of his flesh and blood.
His arm muscles swelled as he pulled the bowstring of the Dragon Slaying
Bow, allowing silver electric bolts and the dawn of light to mesh into a
dazzling arrow.
The arrow flew out and instantly reached the altar which was piled with
monster skulls. It hit the heavy, iron-black coffin.
Silently, the arrow’s beam dimmed and vanished without leaving any effect.
No, the area around the altar was turning darker and more gloomy!
Inside the iron-black coffin, a sound that resembled bones rubbing against
each other sounded:
“Why? Why are you disturbing my slumber?”
Upon hearing this, Waite’s heart instantly became heavy. This was because
there was no hint of hiding its malevolent intent, and that it also meant that
the former Chief might’ve transformed into a monster.
The City of Silver’s attempt at salvation had once again failed.
With a bang, the coffin’s lid flew up and shattered into pieces. A large wave
of black fog emanated out from beneath in an incessant manner.
Amidst this scene, Waite saw a figure slowly stand up from within the
coffin. He was nearly four meters tall and his limbs were long. His body
was covered in white feathers that were tainted with faint yellow oil.
Behind his back were thin illusory black tubes that connected out into
infinity.
Behind the three members of the six-member council, a huge wave stirred
in the pitch-black river. All sorts of arms, tentacles, and veins surged over.
At this moment, Waite saw the Chief’s body transform rapidly and saw his
bulging muscles tears his clothes inch by inch.