Chapter 1347

Pillar
Above the gray fog, in the ancient palace, beside The Fool’s seat.
A prayer point of light expanded to produce a rippling halos.
It was as though someone had suddenly drawn the curtains in a dark, sealed
room, allowing sunlight to shine in, piercing into the eyes of the sleeping
one.
The whirlpool of maggots, which had already quietened down, once again
went berserk as it began to flail the slippery and strange tentacles.
…
Klein’s gaze swept past the parts that were related to the Lord of the
Mysteries, and he read the subsequent content on the slate:
Eternal Darkness, Singularity of All, Space-Time-in-One:
River of Eternal Darkness + Evernight Uniqueness + Death (Eternal
Sleeper) Uniqueness + Twilight Giant Uniqueness + 1 Knight of Misfortune
Beyonder characteristic + 1 Pale Emperor Beyonder characteristic + 1 Hand
of God Beyonder characteristic.
Goddess of Origins, Mother of All, Brood Hive of Filth:
Brood Hive + Mother Uniqueness + The Moon Uniqueness + 1
Naturewalker Beyonder characteristic + 1 Beauty Goddess Beyonder
characteristic.
The Anarchy, Shadow of Order:
Nation of Disorder + Black Emperor Uniqueness + Justiciar Uniqueness + 1
Prince of Abolition Beyonder characteristic + 1 Hand of Order Beyonder
characteristic.
Calamity of Destruction, Origins of Disaster:
City of Calamity + Demoness (Chaos Demoness, Primordial Demoness)
Uniqueness + Red Priest Uniqueness + 1 Apocalypse Beyonder
characteristic + 1 Conqueror Beyonder characteristic.
Father of Devils, Lord of Deviants, Source of Curses:
Tenebrous World + Abyss Uniqueness + Chained Uniqueness + 1 Filthy
Monarch + 1 Abomination Beyonder characteristic.
Demon of Knowledge, Aracana of Madness:
Knowledge Moor + The Hermit Uniqueness + Paragon Uniqueness + 1
Knowledge Emperor Beyonder characteristic + 1 Illuminator Beyonder
characteristic.
Key of Light, Endless Disorder, Incarnation of Fate:
Key of Light + Wheel of Fortune Uniqueness + 1 Giant Serpent Beyonder
characteristic.
These are the Great Old Ones’ title corresponding to the nine sefirot… After
reading it, Klein sighed inwardly.
If he and Emperor Roselle knew this mysticism knowledge earlier, neither
of them would’ve ended up in their present situations.
At certain times, even without using Beyonder powers, knowledge is
completely equivalent to power… The titles of the combined pathways of
Earth and Moon are somewhat different from Mother Goddess of
Depravity. From the looks of it, it is indeed just a part of “Her,” which
means that the title and authority left to the Outer Deity on the moon is:
Mother Goddess of Depravity, Origin of Evil, The Indestructible… By the
same logic, the Mother Tree of Desire’s full name should be: Mother Tree
of Desire, Heartless God, Perpetual Blatherer… The situation regarding the
Son of Chaos isn’t very clear. It’s as though “He” vanished, and no one can
fully understand “Him”… Klein nodded indiscernibly.
He then asked, “From the looks of it, the Omnipotent and Omniscient is the
strongest. The Lord of the Mysteries and the Space-Time-in-One are ranked
second. The rest are ranked third.”
This was determined by the number of Beyonder pathways each needed,
excluding the Outer Deities.
Adam looked at the Blasphemy Slate and calmly said, “That’s not how it is.
“The number of authorities has a certain connection to level and status, but
not entirely. The corresponding characteristics, power, and symbols are
equally important.
“After the original Creator split apart, the Three Pillars stood above all the
Great Old Ones. One was God Almighty, Omnipotent and Omniscient; the
other was Lord of the Mysteries, the King of Space-Time; and the last was
Mother Goddess of Depravity, Origin of Evil.”
Upon hearing Adam’s last sentence, Klein couldn’t help but look down at
his left sleeve. Arrodes was hiding inside.
No wonder Arrodes said that he saw a pillar and support from me… Klein
had suddenly arrived at a state of enlightenment as he was a little more
convinced by what Visionary Adam had said.
At this moment, Adam added at an adequate pace, “Currently, the first two
pillars only exist in the form of sefirot. And after the Mother Goddess of
Depravity had the Brood Hive and two Beyonder pathways separated from
“Her,” “She” became not much different from the other Outer Deities. Only
“Her” symbol as a pillar remains.”
If it wasn’t for the blood-stained stake in his chest, Klein definitely
would’ve felt that the ambiance was great for a conversation. In moments
when his mind trailed, he even imagined that he and Adam were friends and
were happily discussing some mysticism knowledge, waiting for “His”
child, Amon, to return home for dinner.
Of course, I’m “dinner”… I have to say that a Spectator’s ability to
influence others’ knowledge, experience, and state is really too powerful…
As Klein told himself to be on guard, he asked in puzzlement, “I thought
that the Outer Deities like the Mother Goddess of Depravity, who has two
or even three sefirot, are considered pillars.”
Adam looked down at the silver cross pendant hanging across “His” chest
and said, “She” only has one sefirah.
“Under normal circumstances, the sefirot can’t be separated. Only when the
original Creator split and created an embodiment of convergence and
separation did the sefirot tear apart, allowing some of them to be sucked
into our planet.”
“In other words, the present sefirah the Mother Goddess of Depravity has is
incomplete. The future Great Old One, Mother of All, won’t be a complete
Great Old One?” Klein pressed.
Adam’s lips twitched as though “He” was smiling.
“It was so at the beginning, but the sefirot has the ability to mend itself. The
present Mother Goddess of Depravity’s sefirah isn’t incomplete, and the
Brood Hive can also create a Great Old One itself. The only problem is that
the Mother Goddess of Depravity can only use a portion of pillar ‘She’
symbolizes, unless she has fused with the Brood Hive again.
“This has also caused the birth of life and the feminist powers in the entire
universe to undergo a certain anomaly. However, thousands of years of time
at astronomical scales is a very short period of time, and the corresponding
influence hasn’t spread.
“And if any Outer Deity obtains a sefirah that is neighboring ‘Theirs,’
making it equivalent to having two sefirot—I can’t predict what will
happen. Before that, only the original Creator had contained more than
singular sefirah. However, as long as ‘He’ awakens, ‘He’ will definitely
split apart.”
Klein nodded and asked thoughtfully, “In the beginning, the Creator
accommodated at least nine sefirot. This doesn’t mean that having two
sefirot or even three will not result in problems. There should be a critical
point.”
“No one can verify this at the moment.” Adam held the silver cross pendant
in front of “His” chest and said, “I’m guessing that some existences have
attempted it before. After all, convergence is a very strong instinct, but the
outcome is unknown.”
“Which existences?” Klein rubbed the bloody cross wooden stake that was
stuck in his chest.
Adam cast “His” gaze at the gigantic cross that was more than a hundred
meters tall in front of “Him” and calmly said,
“The God Almighty from the early First Epoch. ‘He’ can also be called the
Primordial One. In addition, there’s also the Lord of the Mysteries—the one
you often recite…”
As “He” spoke, Adam turned to look at Klein and said in an imitating
manner, “The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.”
…These two seem to have vanished… The outcome of “Their” attempts
doesn’t seem too good? Klein hadn’t thought of what he wanted to say
when Adam turned “His” head and looked at the second Blasphemy Slate.
“What I can be sure of is that some sefirot cannot be accommodated at the
same time.
“In this universe, there is a hidden fourth pillar. It represents everything,
including the end of the Great Old Ones and the universe itself. It
corresponds to the two sefirot—River of Eternal Darkness and City of
Calamity.
“Simply put, if Evernight can become an Eternal Darkness, Singularity of
All, Space-Time-in-One, ‘She’ can further occupy the two pathways of
Demoness and Red Priest, encompassing the City of Calamity, and
becoming the true fourth pillar. However, when that happens, ‘She’ will
either enter a deep sleep, be passively split apart, or it will cause the entire
Universe, including “Her” and us, to be annihilated, starting everything all
over again.”
Never expected that… Once Above the Sequences level is reached, the
symbolism is more important than authority… Adam, no, the ancient sun
god’s mysticism knowledge is simply too terrifying. As expected of a quasi
Great Old One… Klein sighed when he heard that.
He thought and said, “In other words, a demigod from the Sleepless
pathway can transfer to the Demoness pathway?”
“That’s right.” Adam looked straight ahead. “But in that case, there’s no
way to become a Great Old One, unless one thinks of a way to separate the
Beyonder characteristics from before.”
As Klein looked up, he read the demigod potion formulas of the Spectator,
Sleepless, and Arbiter pathways and changed the topic:
“Where did the potion formula related to the Great Old Ones come from?
“The first Blasphemy Slate didn’t seem to contain them… Were they hidden
in the different Sequence 0 potions?”
Adam’s expression changed slightly, and “His” face seemed to be more
radiant.
“After I gained initial control of the omnipotence and omniscience
authority, I began to deduce the method and pathway to become a Great Old
One. Finally, I found a suitable formula and figured out the different
symbolism.
“Unfortunately, at that time, the Primordial One had also awoken inside
me…”
Therefore, when the ancient sun god perished, you used a portion of your
body and will to create a second Blasphemy Slate? Klein sighed and said,
“From now on, there will be light for the apocalypse.”
It also ended the chaotic battle between the deities due to anger, emotions,
and other reasons. It initiated the era of working towards becoming Great
Old Ones.
Adam maintained “His” previous expression and didn’t say anything.
Klein fell silent. After a few seconds, he suddenly asked, “What kind of
humanity did you fabricate in that marionette of mine?”
Adam turned “His” head and said with clear eyes, “He was too tired. He
wanted rest and freedom, even if it was only for a few seconds.”
Klein gaped, not knowing how to respond.
“Why didn’t you address him as Gehrman Sparrow, but refer to him as ‘that
marionette’?” Adam asked warmly, as though “He” was trying to straighten
out the thoughts of a member of “His” congregation.
Klein turned his head to look at “Him,” and suddenly said with a smile,
“I’m Gehrman Sparrow. Gehrman Sparrow is a part of me. If I separate
them, even if I can escape your divine kingdom, it will be difficult for me to
avert the fate of losing control.”
Having said that, Klein paused and looked ahead. He asked in a deep voice,
“You only have godhood left?”
…
Rorsted Archipelago, City of Generosity, Bayam.
After returning here, Verdu Abraham learned that the God of War was a
rather active existence in the Fourth Epoch. It was possible for “Him” to
respond to believers.
Then, he hired a poor person who willingly risked his life to pray to the
God of War to confirm that there was no danger.
And the price of all of that was 300 gold pounds.
Now, he received a report that not only was that poor person not dead, he
even had some of his wishes fulfilled!