Chapter 1077

: Four Choices
What kind of Saint-level Sealed Artifact do I want to choose? Derrick Berg
subconsciously considered what he needed.
Due to the fact that the Sun pathway was rather powerful against the
monsters in the darkness, and with Thunder God’s Roar, he didn’t have the
desire for Sealed Artifacts that provided offensive or supportive effects.
Instead, the pain from being beaten up while making friends made him
subconsciously hope to obtain a mystical item that could provide stronger
defensive capabilities.
As these thoughts flashed through his mind, Derrick suddenly realized that
the question wasn’t directed at the Saint- level Sealed Artifact he wanted,
but which Saint-level Sealed Artifact could be used to exchange for the
Creator’s cross from Mr. Fool.
He hesitated and frankly asked, “Your Excellency, do you have any
suggestions?”
Colin glanced at him and left his original position. He slowly walked to the
window and turned around.
“There are four Sealed Artifacts that are relatively suitable for you.
“The first item is called ‘Sword of Silverdawn.’ It was left behind by an
elder who died thirteen hundred years ago.
“With this sword in hand, one can hide their malicious intent and certain
actions, effectively interfering with divination and prophecy. They would
obtain an exaggerated amount of strength and bring to their surroundings a
dawn that can resist evil and degeneration.
“It can also stir up a powerful destructive Hurricane of Light. It can create
an invisible and sturdy defensive wall around the wielder. Every time it
connects to the land, its defensive strength will be unshakeable.
“At the tip of the hilt is a single-eyed, huge-mouthed head engraving with
living characteristics. Feeding the corresponding herbs, essential oils, and
medicine to this engraving will give the Sword of Silverdawn different
effects. For example, Lightning Strike, Freeze, Purification, Decay, and
Exorcism.
“This sword has strict requirements for its usage. It’s impossible to lift up if
one isn’t at least 180 centimeters tall. Below 200 centimeters, it will be hard
to unleash its full strength. In addition, the head engraving at the hilt is very
fond of talking. It’s always talking non-stop. If the wielder doesn’t respond,
the Sword of Silverdawn might suddenly give up resisting at a critical
moment and even attack its owner. If the wielder is willing to converse with
the head engraving, they will be pushed to the edge of madness.”
This is what I want, a Sealed Artifact that’s good at defense… Derrick
muttered to himself. He didn’t interrupt the Chiefs explanation as he quietly
listened to him introduce the other Sealed Artifacts.
“The second is ‘Twilight Mask.’ This is from the first Chief. It’s a mask
made from a skull. It can hide any malicious intent, thoughts, and
inclinations. It makes the wearer feel like a dead person without any
thoughts.
“As long as one puts on this mask, one will possess the power of a real
giant and have control over the undead. Any living creature that looks
directly into the eyes of the wearer will immediately die. Even those that
possess godhood will be seriously injured. And even without any direct eye
contact, the target of the wearer will slowly wither away as if they were
floating across a river of death.
“The person wearing this mask can also create a terrifying Twilight Storm.
Any item stained with the dim light will disintegrate, rot, wither, and die,
losing the vibrancy of life.
“Most of the attacks, aside from purification, are ineffective against the
wearer of Twilight Mask, as though no one can kill a dead person.
“This Twilight Mask is extremely powerful, but it’s extremely dangerous.
Even if it’s not doing anything, the people around it would suddenly die one
after another for no reason. Therefore, it must have a proper sealing
method…
“No matter who it is, once you put on this mask, you will hear the sharp
shriek and howls that seem to come from deep within the Underworld. This
is a psyche attack that will drive people crazy and make them lose their
minds. At the same time, as long as you wear this mask for more than five
minutes, you will permanently become its slave.”
This Sealed Artifact is almost useless. Although it’s powerful, it can only be
sealed… Uh… Only a mighty existence like Mr. Fool can ignore its
negative effects… Derrick opened his mouth but didn’t say a word.
Colin Iliad did some recollecting and continued, “The third item is called
‘Life’s Cane.’ It can control Beyonder creatures with low intelligence and
reduce their insanity for a short period of time. It can use incomplete spirits
and various materials to complete the ultimate ‘Alchemical Life.’ This
could create an ordinary human that can exist for a long time. It can also
create different dolls that could be used for battle and various kinds of
things; this includes stone golems, mud golems, and steel golems.
“Any living creature lashed by this cane would have an increased tendency
towards madness and losing control. Their bodies would also have a certain
chance of mutating, producing watermelons, mushrooms, and wheat. Of
course, these things cannot be eaten, as they would result in contamination.
“As for the living beings touched by the cane’s tip, they’ll be healed no
matter how seriously injured they are—other than those that have already
lost control.
“This cane will fill the surrounding areas with a vibrant life force. Be it
plants or animals, it can grow with exuberance and reproduce rapidly.
Unfortunately, it is useless against this land that is cursed.
“The person carrying Life’s Cane has a high chance of mutating. The longer
one holds it, the higher the odds. This will result in additional organs, or
even them having missing body parts, being replaced by various plants.”
Sounds very sinister… For some reason, Derrick felt a little horrified.
Finally, he couldn’t help but ask, “What’s the fourth Sealed Artifact?”
“It’s from a demon which lost control. I hunted it and called it ‘Fallen
Flute.’
This is a plain-looking silver flute. However, once someone blows it, the
living around it will fall into an unavoidable illusion. Their anger, sorrow,
pain, greed, vanity, arrogance, and other desires would rapidly swell. Some
would have their mind explode, others lose their sanity or experience a loss
of control.
“Being in the vicinity of Fallen Flute, all sentient beings, other than the
wielder, will significantly have their mental facilities deteriorate and will
easily make mistakes.
“At the same time, the wielder of the flute is exceptionally sensitive to
danger. Sometimes, they can even predict the possibility of a threat to their
lives one to two days early.
“Wherever this Fallen Flute is, one’s humanity will gradually degenerate,
and all kinds of desires will enter center stage as their beliefs are cast aside.
The wielder will also turn cold and be unable to have normal emotions
again. The more they use it and the more they carry it, the worse it will be.
And this might result in conflict with their own pathway’s acting, leading to
an increased risk of losing control.”
After introducing the fourth Sealed Artifact, Colin Iliad’s light blue eyes,
which seemed to be filled with stories, looked at Derrick and asked, “What
do you think?”
“…I need some time to consider,” Derrick replied rather skillfully.
“Indeed, this is really important to you. You can’t rashly make a decision.”
Colin nodded. “Three days later, we will set off for the Afternoon Town
camp. Tell me your answer before we set off, and reserve some time to
familiarize yourself with the Sealed Artifact.”
“Yes, Your Excellency.” Derrick bowed seriously and left the Chiefs room.
He wasn’t in a rush to return home to pray to Mr. Fool. Instead, he planned
on heading to the training field first to temper his various “Sun” domain
theurgical spells.
This was a habit engraved deep within the pulses of every single person in
the City of Silver. Only a self-disciplined person who could endure hardship
was able to live longer in these desolate and dark lands.
In a dark alley in the Backlund Bridge area.
Xio once again met the golden-masked MI9 member who clearly showed
kindness to her.
The Judge potion formula might take some time,” the golden-masked man
said.
This was because, although the investigation into Xio didn’t continue, it
didn’t end.
Xio pursed her lips and nodded, as though she had finally made up her
mind.
“I don’t want that formula anymore.”
“You… gave up?” The golden-masked man was surprised and couldn’t hide
his joy.
Xio didn’t directly answer as she turned her head to the side and said, “I-I’ll
exchange all my contributions for cash.” After hearing her answer, the
golden-masked man nodded in relief.
“It’s best that you understand.
“Let bygones be bygones. You, your mother, and brother will have a brand
new future.
Yes, if your contributions are exchanged for cash, it’ll be about 2,000
pounds. I’ll help you gain more. After that, you can continue being an outer
circle member of MI9. Having an official status is very useful for
unaffiliated Beyonders.”
Xio was silent for a few seconds before her lips quivered.
“Thank you.”
She could clearly sense the kindness coming from the man in front of her,
so she sincerely thanked him.
However, there was no way she was giving up. The reason why she chose
cash was because she had already reserved the Judge potion formula from
The World Gehrman Sparrow—the crazy adventurer had also claimed that
the Disciplinary Paladin potion formula would subsequently follow.
At the same time, giving up on the surface could effectively dispel the
suspicions of MI9.
After briefly explaining the progress of the previous commissions, Xio bade
farewell to the golden-masked man and left the alley.
On Tuesday morning, Fors went out early and came to the Hat Trick Inn in
Cherwood Borough where she met her teacher, Dorian Gray.
“This is one of the things to take note of in the spirit world. This is a portrait
of Botis.” Dorian covered his mouth and yawned before handing a thick
stack of paper to Fors.
Fors wasn’t in a rush to read the documents as she cast her gaze at the
portrait.
On it was a black-robed man who likely wasn’t even forty. His brown hair
was slightly curled, but it gave off an unusually firm feeling. His dark eyes
seemed to contain countless objects.
This is the Saint of Secrets… Fors rubbed her fingers together and used her
Trickmaster powers to burn that portrait. “Not bad. Very cautious.” Dorian
nodded approvingly.
He then carried his suitcase and said to Fors, “I have to return to Pritz
Harbor. It will arouse suspicion if I come to Backlund for too long.”
Fors knew that the situation in Backlund had been tense recently, so she
was eager for her teacher to leave as soon as possible; therefore, she didn’t
hold him back and watched him leave the room.
Then, with the help of Door Opening, she walked all the way to the alley
behind the hotel.
Just as she got her bearings and turned into a street, she suddenly saw a man
in a black trench coat walking over.
The person swept a glance at her before looking away naturally. However,
Fors’s back muscles tensed up.
Her eyes reflected the other person’s appearance:
A man who likely wasn’t even forty. His brown hair was slightly curled, but
it gave off an unusually firm feeling. His dark eyes seemed to contain
countless objects.