Chapter 587

: Confusing
Could it be that that evil spirit is Red Angel Medici, the King of Angels who
once served that Creator and was one of the founders of Rose Redemption?
Klein instantly generated such a thought and began utilizing backward
inference to seek out any traces or clues.
The former holder of the Red Priest card was attracted to the underground
palace because of a certain level of attraction and had died beside the Tudor
descendants.
The evil spirit I saw in my dream could easily kill a powerful dragon back
when it was alive.
It knows the potion formula of the Mutant pathway’s Sequence 4 and even
more.
It’s very aware of matters regarding Rose Redemption.
The orthodox Churches that have existed ever since the Cataclysm don’t
know that the former Binsy and that the present Bansy has a descendant of
the Medici family residing there, but the evil spirit was able to provide the
corresponding information.
There’s a very high chance of deriving this from the death of Red Angel
Medici… And this King of Angels was actually killed by Blood Emperor
Alista Tudor. Does this mean that the latter had already exceeded Sequence
1 and had reached the rank of true god as a Sequence 0 and could no
longer be witnessed directly…
That evil spirit said so itself that in the late stages of the Fourth Epoch,
Solomon Empire’s Dark Emperor, Tudor Empire’s Blood Emperor, and
Trunsoest Empire’s Night Emperor were fighting for the position of
Sequence 0 until Alista Tudor went crazy… Does this mean that from that
point onwards, Blood Emperor was a half-crazy true god?
Right, Mr. Azik mentioned in the letter that he lost his senses from merely
being glanced at by Blood Emperor Alista Tudor. Back then, he was at least
a Sequence 4 demigod. To have such might, it can only be explained that
Blood Emperor was at the true god level…
Mr. Azik also described the revival of the true Dark Emperor in his letter.
He described “Him” as sitting on a gigantic throne as he overlooked the
land… For the Dark Emperor to revive and return, there is a high chance
that he was a true god at the Sequence 0 rank… If that were the case, the
War of the Four Emperors was of a higher order than I previously
imagined. It’s no longer a battle of three Sequence 1s fighting for the
position of Sequence 0… Klein connected all the dots from the past, gaining
a brand new understanding of Fourth Epoch history.
But as a result, many questions arose.
If that ancient evil spirit really is King of Angels Medici, then the
underground palace might very well belong to Blood Emperor Alista Tudor.
Then, why would there be two thrones of equal standing? Why would there
be six humanoid statues of the true gods?
Why would the half-crazy Blood Emperor kill Red Angel Medici? After
“He” became Sequence 0, which spot did he occupy? Firstly, Dark
Emperor can be eliminated… It can’t be Red Priest, right? Red Angel
Medici was killed for its Beyonder characteristic?
But Red Priest and Dark Emperor do not seem like neighboring pathways
that allow exchanging. I can basically confirm that the former is paired
with the Demoness pathway. Yes… Captain mentioned before that
consuming the potions of other pathways might not mean death, but there’s
a high probability of going mad and obtaining warped but terrifying
powers. This matches Blood Emperor’s half-crazy trait!
In “His” final step, as there was no hope for Dark Emperor and any
neighboring pathways, “He” took the craziest choice and switched to
another pathway that’s completely unrelated, becoming half-crazy as the
price?
But the same problem arises. Advancing to Red Priest requires King of
Angels Medici to be killed, but before advancing, Alista Tudor wouldn’t
have been able to complete it by “Himself.” Unless—”He” had more
Sequence 1s helping him or other Sequence 0 true gods…
Upon realizing this, the statues in the underground palace suddenly flashed
past Klein’s mind.
The Evernight Goddess statue who used the moon as a pillow, the Earth
Mother statue that hugged a baby in her bosom, the Lord of Storms statue
that had lightning flashing behind him, the handsome Eternal Blazing Sun’s
statue, the tall and royal God of Combat statue, and the God of Knowledge
and Wisdom statue who wore a hood all cast ice-cold gazes at him from the
darkness.
At that instant, Klein couldn’t help but tremble.
However, he remembered that the six gods supported the Trunsoest Empire,
not the Tudor Empire.
The history of the Fourth Epoch becomes more harrowing and confusing
the more you delve into it… Klein sighed secretly.
“What are you thinking about?” Azik Eggers noticed his pause.
Klein said in passing, “I was only thinking that since Red Angel Medici had
long perished at the hands of Alista Tudor, then who is the God of Weather
who has a following in Bansy Harbor during the recent centuries?
“And what’s the reason for their odd behavior…”
With this in mind, Klein came to a pause. This was because the matter
regarding Bansy Harbor was unlike what he imagined.
He originally believed that Red Angel Medici was asleep there, but to his
surprise, ‘He’ had long perished.
In that case, the secrets underlying the Green Lemon Restaurant and the
telegraph office became even more indecipherable. He had no way of
deducing anything without any further information. The more he thought
about it, the more horrified he became.
Could that evil spirit have expected such an outcome when “He” indicated
Binsy Town? That might’ve been a required step for “Him” to escape the
seal? Should I tell this matter to Mr. Azik and gain his opinion?
Yes, I’ll let Miss Magician, whose in Backlund, to monitor the area and see
if there’s any abnormalities. If there’s none, it can wait till I return to
Backlund and contact Miss Sharron. After seeking her opinion, I can inform
Mr. Azik. After all, it’s a ruin we explored together. I have to respect her
opinion. If there are any abnormalities, then the matter can only be
expedited due to the seriousness of the issue… Klein quickly made a
decision.
When Azik heard his question, he laughed.
“Don’t think about such matters. They’ve definitely been buried by the
Church of Storms. To forcibly seek out the reasons will only bring about
extreme danger. Even at the level of an angel, there’s still a chance of
perishing.”
In the mysterious world, curiosity is often the leading cause of death…
Klein recalled the matters he had experienced and heard of in the past.
He switched to saying, “Mr. Azik, I already have a messenger that I can call
my own.”
“Much faster than I imagined,” Azik said with a smile.
Klein simply explained how he changed the incantation and how he
completed the summoning and ended up encountering an oddity in the spirit
world.
“When summoning spirit world creatures, there’s indeed a chance of such
things happening when it’s not done by someone of the corresponding job.
It requires repeated trial and error before obtaining the desired result. But
repeated attempts make it easy to encounter danger. Even if you add
descriptions like ‘friendly,’ it isn’t absolutely safe. The spirit world creature
which is summoned might not have any malicious intent towards you and
wouldn’t wish to harm you, but it doesn’t mean that its very existence won’t
hurt you. Perhaps just the aura it has can reduce you to a pile of blood.”
After Azik heard about the creature whose speed surpassed imagination, the
being who was easily neglected, and the creature with extremely high
survivability, he laughed and warned him. After that, he asked, “How did
you succeed in the end?”
Klein said in embarrassment, “I changed the final sentence to ‘a unique
being that is willing to be my messenger.’”
Azik was taken aback for a second as he curiously looked at Klein.
“… This description is too generic. Typically, it wouldn’t succeed.”
“Perhaps I was rather lucky…” Klein cautiously described his messenger’s
appearance and even hid the matter of her request for a gold coin.
Azik thought over it carefully and said, “I do not have an impression of this
spirit world creature, but since you’ve already signed a contract and have
had it witnessed by the Underworld, she likely wouldn’t cause you any
harm. However, before you fully understand her, try not to get her to do
anything apart from sending letters.”
“… Alright.” Klein originally wanted to say that he had nothing he needed
her for other than sending letters when he recalled his battle with Mr. A.
The room fell into a brief moment of silence before Klein pulled the
conversation back on track.
“Mr. Azik, when can we head for the Black Death?”
The longer the delay, the higher the chances of whatever he left on the
Black Death to be cleaned up during the daily cleaning jobs.
“Now.” Azik stood up and put on his hat.
Klein was dressed properly, and just as he was trying to find an excuse to
head to the washroom to divine if there would be any danger taking action
tonight, Azik grabbed his shoulder and pulled him into the spirit world.
Amidst the stacked colors and nearly formless figures, he heard Mr. Azik
say, “Let’s begin.”
That direct? Don’t you need to confirm things? Perhaps a big shot has his
own way of determining the level of danger… Klein silently mumbled and
held up his cane and began divining the location of the items he left behind.
The cane flew automatically as it tumbled ahead.
Azik followed closely behind with Klein in tow as they smoothly passed
through the spirit world.
Before long, the black hardwood cane paused with thick black and stacked
shadows ahead of it.
Through this abstract scene, Klein could vaguely identify it as something
resembling the Black Death.
At this moment, Azik’s body came to a pause as he solemnly said, “The
spirits here tell me that there is danger.”
There is danger? Something that can make even Mr. Azik find it dangerous?
Vice Admiral Ailment got help? A high-ranking member of the Demoness
Sect? Klein frowned suddenly.
He fully believed the judgment of the big shot, since Sequence 7 of the
Death pathway was Spirit Medium. After advancing to the realm of
demigod, being able to notice this was considered very normal.
Azik half-closed his eyes for two seconds before opening them.
“But the problem isn’t serious. Let’s enter.”
Problem isn’t serious… That’s probably the case when it’s directed at you…
The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched as he decided to change his looks.
This way, even if he was no match and had to flee pathetically, he didn’t
have to be afraid of someone coming to knock on his door!
In an instant, Klein possess a distinctive broad chin and cold blackish-green
eyes. His hair turned brown and was tied into a bun at the back of his head
like an ancient warrior.
He had disguised himself as the former owner of Creeping Hunger, Vice
Admiral Hurricane Qilangos!
Azik gave him a glance as the surroundings suddenly seemed to plummet as
all sorts of bright colors flew by.
In a blink of an eye, Klein found himself in Ailment Maiden Tracy’s
captain’s cabin again.
This gallant and brilliant female pirate was wearing a different white shirt.
On her left shoulder was a clear bandage while her black hair was coiled up
instead of cascading down amorously.
Faced with this sudden visitor, she didn’t show any panic but smiled.
At this moment, a gentle female’s voice from a difficult to identify location
sounded.
“It’s you?”