Chapter 780

: Extract
Walter came to the third story and rapped on the master bedroom’s door.
“Who is it?” Dwayne Dantès’s slightly weak and hoarse voice sounded.
Walter turned the doorknob, opening a tiny crack in the door.
“Sir, Bishop Elektra is here to visit you.
“Do you wish to meet him in the living room or activity room, or should he
be invited directly to your bedroom?”
Usually, visitors weren’t permitted to enter the master’s bedroom. This was
rather impolite, but visiting the sick was an exception.
After a brief silence, Dwayne Dantès replied, “Invite him into the
bedroom.”
“Alright, sir.” As Walter gestured Richardson to urge a maid to prepare
some tea, he walked down and invited Bishop Elektra of the Church of
Evernight up.
Soon, Elektra entered the bedroom and saw Dwayne Dantès lying in bed,
looking haggard.
“Richardson, get the bishop a seat,” the pale Dwayne Dantès said with a
smile.
Richardson had already done so. He immediately moved a high-back chair
to a spot near the bed.
However, Elektra took a few steps forward to observe the new tycoon in
town and asked in concern, “Dwayne, how are you? Did you consult a
physician?”
His spiritual perception wasn’t triggered, so he didn’t make any attempts.
He was only visiting a pious believer out of concern.
Dwayne Dantès coughed lightly and smiled.
“I’m actually almost recovered. I believe I’ll be able to head over to church
tomorrow or the day after tomorrow to listen to your preachings.”
“That’s good. I was wondering if I needed to pray to Goddess to bless you.”
Elektra chuckled and took a step back before sitting on the chair which
Richardson had brought for him.
At this moment, Dwayne Dantès glanced at the bishop and chuckled.
“Actually, I’ve always had a question. Are clergymen of the Church of the
Goddess allowed to get married?”
Elektra, who was two years short of reaching forty, sighed and smiled.
“This question has actually troubled us for the longest time.
“In ancient times, the archbishops had engaged in intense debates about this
on several theosophical meetings.
“One side believed that servants of the Goddess need to maintain their
purity, be it men or women; otherwise it would be sacrilegious. The other
side found words from the Goddess in The Revelation of Evernight and
other books, believing that the Goddess encouraged marriage. ‘She’
encouraged equality between both sexes and for them to have normal
contact. Hence, clergymen should be an example of this, and not be a
negative example; by doing so, that would be the greatest respect towards
the Goddess.
“In recent times, this question has basically been shelved. The Church
doesn’t ban or encourage it. The only request is that married clergymen are
not to let their families live in the cathedrals.”
Dwayne Dantès nodded slowly as he curled the corner of his lips.
“Your Excellency, do you have a wife?”
Although Bishop Elektra was thin and not very good-looking, he was
pleasant to the eyes. He sighed and said, hardly hiding his smile, “Two
years ago, I walked down the aisle under the Goddess’s watch. I happen to
have a child this year.
“I originally imagined that I would remain single my entire life in order to
serve Goddess, but…”
As he spoke, he gave a self-deprecating laugh and shook his head.
Without waiting for Dwayne Dantès to probe deeper, Elektra asked, “You
seem to be single as well. Are you considering the problem of marriage?”
He seemed to imagine that Dwayne Dantès had such thoughts, and he
directly asked, imagining that the answer was certain as he continued,
“What kind of lady do you like? Perhaps I might be able to help introduce
you to someone.”
Dwayne Dantès coughed lightly and said with a smile, “I often chose
adventures to amass wealth in the past, so I wasn’t willing to get married,
afraid I would drag her down. Heh, I like many types of women and am not
picky.
“I like those older than me, one’s who can give me warmth and make me
feel at ease…”
Before he finished, his valet, Richardson, wore a stunned expression. He
hurriedly turned his head aside and lowered it. He felt his face burning for
some baffling reason.
Dwayne Dantès didn’t seem to sense it as he continued, “I also like those
younger than me, those who are pure and lively, making anyone who sees
them feel as though it’s dawn because of the radiance they aren’t aware
of…”
Bishop Elektra’s face suddenly froze as he raised his palm and clenched it
into a fist as he held it to his mouth and coughed twice.
Yet, Dwayne Dantès didn’t stop. He shook his head and said with a sigh, “I
also like those who were once in love or were married so that people
wouldn’t dare approach due to their status, women who can only be viewed
from afar. They are so charming that each action of theirs are so
intoxicating and irresistible. I often dream…”
Butler Walter, who was standing nearby, trembled. He felt as though he had
experienced a dream that he didn’t wish to wake up from despite opposing
it greatly. He had no idea if it was a good or bad dream.
Dwayne Dantès was about to continue to describe further, but he stopped
producing any sound after opening his mouth.
He then chuckled softly.
“That’s all very normal. When humans are at their limits and are under the
influence of their senses, they often have some abnormal thoughts. As long
as they’re repressed while acting in line with one’s will, it wouldn’t feel like
torture. One would still be a husband, a good father, a good man.”
“That’s very reasonable. When I’m incensed, I often have irrational
thoughts, but few people will turn them into reality.” Bishop Elektra
ingeniously changed the subject. As for Butler Walter and Valet Richardson,
they revealed looks of contemplation.
The bishop didn’t stay long. After drinking a few sips of the marquis black
tea that the maid delivered, he got up and bade farewell, leaving Dwayne
Dantès’s residence.
The room quickly turned quiet as the window at the balcony silently
opened. Klein, who had changed back into Dwayne Dantès, agilely leaped
inside.
Thankfully, I returned in time. If I allowed Arrodes to continue speaking,
Bishop Elektra would probably renounce a pious believer like me…
Perhaps I’ll even discover Walter and Richardson hanging from their rooms
tomorrow morning, and the streets would have rumors of Dwayne Dantès
being a pervert… Klein looked at the fake Dwayne on the bed and sighed
silently. That final response had been personally formulated by him, and he
got Arrodes to read it.
Of course, this was his contingency plan for the worst possible scenario. He
had believed that Arrodes wouldn’t have made the situation develop that far.
“Welcome back, Great Master.” The Dwayne Dantès in bed bowed and
greeted. “Did your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, do well?”
Hearing the mirror stammer the question, Klein sighed and said, “It’s still
alright. You did pretty good.
“However, try not to agitate others when chatting.”
“I-I will take note!” The fake Dwayne Dantès rapidly vanished as a small
mirror appeared on the pillow.
Above the mirror, silver light bloomed as words appeared:
“Thank you for your affirmation. I will continue following in your
footsteps. I look forward to being of service to you the next time~”
After a goodbye expression was sketched out, the mirror returned to
normal.
Klein went close to it and put away the mirror before entering the bathroom
attached to the master bedroom. He took four steps counterclockwise and
headed above the gray fog.
He wanted to complete the Grazing before Mr. X’s Spirit Body dispersed.
…
In the book world, inside a cave on a snow-laden mountain peak.
Klein looked at Mr. X’s corpse and carefully identified the head that had
been pieced together from the fragments. He matched it with his memories
of the target’s picture which Miss Magician had provided him.
It’s him… I hope I’ll obtain Traveling and Record. With them, I would
make a killing with this operation. Otherwise, I’ll have to consider getting
Miss Magician to pay more. The difficulty between hunting a Sequence 5
and that of facing a demigod are two completely different matters. As Klein
thought, he reached out his left palm and spread open his fingers, aiming at
the corpse whose spirituality hadn’t completely dispersed.
Creeping Hunger quickly transformed back into its original form, looking
as though it was made of thin human skin, two eyes split open in the middle
of its palm. Its pupils were bright red, as though they were dyed in blood.
Amidst a cold and eerie wind, Mr. X’s significantly dispersed Spirit Body
and the resplendent Beyonder specks of light that resembled the Milky Way
drilled into Creeping Hunger, fixing onto a blank finger.
Creeping Hunger first turned transparent as if it was a shadow of the spirit
world before returning to normal.
Klein closed his eyes and sensed it as his brows gradually eased. A smile
surfaced on his face.
His luck was pretty good this time because he had drawn one of the
Beyonder powers he wanted the most: Traveler’s Door!
It could also be called Door of Teleportation, Teleportation, or Traveling. Its
effect was to allow a person to traverse the spirit world while sensing the
external world. Beyonders of different Sequences could endure Traveling
for different periods of time due to the differences in their Spirit Body’s
potency. This made the effects of spirit world traversal and the distance
differ.
If it’s a Sequence 9 or 8, they wouldn’t be able to go beyond Backlund…
With my present level, I wonder if I can directly head to the primitive island
which Mr. Hanged Man provided. Hmm, if that doesn’t work, I can split it
into a few trips… Klein thought as he smiled.
At this point, he realized that a Traveler’s strength in head-on combat was
very powerful. This was because the difficulty in using short-distance
Traveling was about the same as Flaming Jump. This also meant that a
Traveler could keep phasing around a target, opening up and narrowing
distances as they pleased. This would catch people by surprise while also
preventing them from inflicting a successful blow.
Furthermore, if plenty of powers were Recorded and the vigilance that
accompanies immediately departing once something felt amiss, Klein
suspected that even with Lightning Storm and Hurricane, he had no way of
restraining a Traveler in direct combat.
Indeed, a Marionettist should try to hide behind the shadows… As Klein
thought poignantly, he cast his eyes on Mr. X’s corpse.
Creeping Hunger had also obtained another Beyonder power. It was Door
Opening of the Apprentice Sequence. It was equivalent to a very weakened
version of Traveling and was of little value.
Turning his gaze, Klein’s eye noticed the ruby ring on Mr. X’s hand.