Chapter 1382

: Home Ground Advantage
As Amon spoke, Klein appeared to be listening, but he had actually
attempted to leave Sefirah Castle.
This wasn’t because he wanted to give up or surrender, nor was it because
he was too timid and subconsciously considered fleeing first. Instead, he
believed that this was the best solution for the current situation.
If he stayed in Sefirah Castle, Klein would face three difficult questions.
Firstly, he had just advanced to The Fool and his condition was extremely
unstable. He had to divert a large portion of his mental strength to suppress
the awakening will of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings. Secondly, there was no way for him to obtain the help of his
allies; he could only fight alone. Thirdly, under the situation that everyone
could influence Sefirah Castle, even if Klein had a deeper level of control
over Sefirah Castle, he wouldn’t be able to express an overwhelming
advantage. He might even be disrupted in his use of Sefirah Castle because
his opponent was good at making use of loopholes and creating bugs,
making it difficult for him to reach the same level as “Him.”
This way, when a Sequence 0 The Fool faced a half-crazed, dual-pathway
Error and Door, even if he wasn’t in a scenario of facing a 100% failure
rate, the chances of winning were extremely minute.
And by taking the opportunity to escape Sefirah Castle, Klein could
immediately obtain the help of his allies to reverse the situation between the
two.
If Amon were to chase after “Him,” Klein would interfere with “His” return
to Sefirah Castle and make “Him” face “His” allies. At that time, the
Primordial Demoness would definitely not attack again. The ancient sun
god might not be able to reproduce the power of half a Great Old One
anytime soon. With the lead of the Evernight Goddess, the six orthodox
deities were enough to deal with Amon.
Even if Amon, who was in control of all the authorities of the Error and
Door domains, wasn’t easily killed, the orthodox deities would definitely be
able to weaken “Him” and seal “Him.” After Klein stabilized his mental
state and deepened his control over Sefirah Castle, he could then kill “Him”
in a targeted manner.
This process was almost irreversible—even if the ancient sun god could still
produce the level, status, and strength from before. “His” limit appeared to
be suppressing three orthodox deities at the same time, and this didn’t
include the Evernight Goddess.
Of course, the Outer Deities were undoubtedly unwilling to see the birth of
a new Lord of the Mysteries. Once such a situation happened, “They”
would definitely try their best to interfere, preventing Amon from dying.
However, before the world barrier collapsed, the influence “They” could
exert would be rather limited, and it might not be of much use. Just like
before, Klein believed that the combined powers of the Dark Side of the
Universe and the Chained God were inferior to the Hidden Sage.
Even if the Outer Deities managed to affect the situation, Klein wouldn’t
suffer any losses. After all, those existences wouldn’t allow Amon to kill
him either. He could find a place to hide and stabilize his mental state. Once
he was prepared, he could make new plans again—the foggy town of the
Evernight Goddess was a very good choice.
If Amon didn’t chase after him and remained inside Sefirah Castle. Klein
could use his identity as the owner of Sefirah Castle to influence the control
of all kinds of matters within at any moment, preventing Amon from doing
anything in Sefirah Castle. Even if “He” wanted to use the crimson star to
deal with the Tarot Club members, it would be impossible.
In short, it would be extremely difficult for either of “Them” to use Sefirah
Castle well, but destroying the other party’s attempts was definitely simple.
Under such a stalemate, Klein had time to stabilize his mental state,
deepening his control over Sefirah Castle, slowly turning the situation
around.
Towards the end, Amon would either flee and hide, or “He” would let the
Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings completely revive,
choosing to have an internecine outcome with Klein.
Therefore, although he didn’t have the time to analyze the pros and cons,
Klein quickly came to a conclusion.
Leaving Sefirah Castle now was the best choice.
However, just as his consciousness sank to the edge of Sefirah Castle, he
saw a crystal monocle.
This item appeared in time, crushing Klein’s hopes of escaping.
“Did you think I’d leave such an obvious loophole? Of course, you can stop
me from leaving Sefirah Castle at any time.” Amon curled “His” index
finger and pressed it against the monocle as “He” smiled.
Behind the chair that “He” was sitting on, the resplendent symbol rapidly
changed. At times, it was formed from symbols corresponding to
parasitizing, time, and fate. At times, it was a series of doors.
These two different symbols appeared one after another, making it
impossible to truly be fixed.
Klein didn’t hear what Amon said. The moment he failed, he created a real
Realm of Mysteries—a complete divine kingdom of The Fool.
Light and shadows instantly changed in front of Amon’s eyes. It brought
with it the disappearance of the grand palace, mottled table, and luxurious
high-back chair, bringing with it an ancient castle.
Amon wasn’t sure what the ancient castle looked like. This was because
“He” was standing in a corridor inside the castle. “He” could only sense the
various changes in Sefirah Castle and see with the limited vision “He” had.
The corridor was unusually dark and gloomy. The corridor stretched
endlessly. There were silver-colored elegant candle stands spaced widely
apart, each producing a dim and yellow glow.
There were dark red wooden doors on both sides of the corridor that seemed
to connect to different rooms.
There was no sound from the rooms, making it virtually impossible to know
what was hidden inside.
Amon casually glanced at it and smiled with interest.
“Interesting.”
As the most powerful Cryptologist, “He” naturally knew that this was a
divine kingdom, one that couldn’t be broken through with brute force.
This was because every door was “Reassembled” with different items. If
“He” forcefully broke through them, he would trigger unknown effects.
Amon didn’t underestimate the abilities and intelligence of a Sequence 0
The Fool. “He” didn’t plan on experiencing any more surprises or
accidents.
However, once the divine kingdom’s rules were fixed, its owner would
similarly be restricted to a certain extent.
To put it simply, Klein was definitely in one of the rooms, not somewhere
else.
One had to bear the corresponding responsibility for the benefits obtained.
“You want to use this method to stall for time and stabilize your mental
state?” Amon whispered as though “He” was talking to an invisible person.
Then, wearing a pointed hat and a classic black robe, “He” walked to the
nearest dark red wooden door.
There were no holes on the wooden door, so “He” couldn’t see the exact
situation inside.
In other words, it was very difficult for Amon to know if Klein was here
without opening the door.
The corners of Amon’s mouth curled up slightly. Amon extended “His”
right hand and drew a long rectangular shape on the dark red wooden door.
Inside the rectangle, bits of starlight emerged and turned transparent,
revealing the scene in the room.
With the authority of Door and the ability of Bug, Amon forcibly opened a
window without triggering the effects.
Following that, “He” cast “His” gaze into the room.
There were no tables, chairs, carpets, and other furniture, but a blue sea.
“Indeed, this door has been connected with the sea outside,” Amon said
without any surprise.
Once “He” twisted the door, “He” would leave Sefirah Castle and appear in
the sea outside.
And at that time, with Klein being wary, it was almost impossible for
“Him” to enter Sefirah Castle again, just like how Klein was unable to leave
Sefirah Castle.
This was the reason why Amon didn’t forcibly destroy The Fool’s divine
kingdom but opened one door at a time.
Destruction led to similar effects. The repeated effects would affect Amon
again and again. Even if there were many loopholes that “He” could use,
“He” wouldn’t be completely immune to them.
Retracting “His” gaze, Amon walked to the opposite room and opened a
window according to the method from before.
However, this time, it was pitch-black inside, and “He” couldn’t see
anything.
Amon raised “His” hand and pinched the edge of “His” monocle and
coughed lightly.
“His” figure instantly split into two.
The number of Amons increased.
The split Amon glanced at Amon, who stood in the same spot and tsked.
“Why aren’t you seeking the thrill yourself?”
As “He” spoke, this Amon extended “His” right palm and grabbed the
handle of the dark red wooden door.
Just as “He” began twisting, “His” expression suddenly turned blank as
“He” sat down, as though “He” had lost the ability to think.
“Fooling effect.” The original Amon nodded slightly.
The retarded Amon immediately collapsed and turned into a transparent
worm with twelve segments.
Tiny bits of Beyonder characteristic seeped out and returned to Amon’s
body.
“He” relied on using the loophole to avoid the negative effects of “His”
avatars from acting on “His” actual body.
After all the Beyonder characteristics returned, Amon released a flame that
had been stolen and burned the corpse of the Worm of Time.
After doing this leisurely, “He” looked up and adjusted the monocle on
“His” right eye.
On the crystal monocle, countless symbols, patterns, and labels appeared.
They moved quickly, interweaving, reforming, or changing, as though they
were making calculations.
This was a combination of a Cryptologist’s power of decryption and the
Key of Star’s authority on position.
The two attempts Amon made were mainly to gather intelligence, grasp the
rules, and prepare for cracking the secrets of The Fool’s divine kingdom.
Soon, the symbols, patterns, and labels formed a scene on the monocle:
Behind a dark red wooden door, a few slippery tentacles extended out from
Klein’s body. He sat on a high-back chair and calmly watched the entrance.
The corners of Amon’s mouth curled up. With a flash, “He” appeared in the
room.
However, everything before “His” eyes suddenly collapsed.
Klein with The Fool’s aura quickly turned thin, turning into a card.
On the card, Roselle Gustav was wearing a gorgeous head accessory and
colorful clothes, holding a stick with luggage hanging from it. His eyes
were filled with longing.
The Fool card.
The Fool card from the Cards of Blasphemy.
Klein knew that relying solely on Paper Figurine Substitutes and adding the
“Fooling” effect and “Grafting” his true aura onto it wouldn’t be able to
deceive a top-notch Swindler like Amon. Therefore, he used The Fool card
which had some convergence powers as his paper figurine.
Although Sefirah Castle couldn’t be used again, this was Klein’s home
ground after all. There was his junk pile, the various items he had gathered,
and the newly obtained Trunsoest Brass Book and the borrowed Magic
Wishing Lamp.