Chapter 650

: The Unlucky Anderson
After recognizing the leader on the mural, Klein subconsciously suspected
that it was something from his dream.
However, he quickly rejected the idea. This was because the unlucky
Anderson wasn’t someone he knew. He was also not someone that had left
an impression on him. There was a low chance of him being the extension
of his own dream.
And Anderson had clearly said that he became unlucky after seeing the
mural. It was strongly tied to the mural, so it could only be the case that the
mural was part of Anderson’s dream!
As he focused and looked carefully, Klein quickly realized that the mural
was somewhat different from the mural that Little Sun saw in the True
Creator’s abandoned temple.
The background here was a sea burning with golden flames, while the
previous one was that of a desolate plain.
The destination here was the depths of the sea, while the previous one was
had a destination of a distant mountain. On the mountaintop was a huge
cross and figure hanging upside down.
The bottom of the Angel of Fate Ouroboros’s feet was black slush with
heads pointing down and fishes stuck inside. Previously, it was a
meandering river.
It’s a different mural, but more of a memory from different stages of the
same pilgrimage… Klein nodded with a guess.
A similar scene surfaced in his mind.
A very long time ago, in a particular period of the Fourth Epoch, Ouroboros
led a devout group of pilgrims or the remnant believers of the True Creator.
With many powerful enemies in pursuit, they rode a boat through this sea.
Due to certain reasons, “He” abandoned the boat. With the help of the True
Creator or “His” own powers, he parted the sea and led the devotees
through it and into the Forsaken Land of the Gods, leaving behind the
kindling for organizations such as the Rose Redemption and Aurora Order.
In the Forsaken Land of the Gods, they tore through desolate plains, and on
the pilgrimage, they built temples along the way. And one of them was
discovered by Little Sun and company.
With how Will Auceptin was forced to restart a cycle and be reborn as a
baby, the Tail Devourer is likely still alive… Does this mean that “He”
eventually arrived at the destination with the pilgrims—the holy residence
of the True Creator? Does this mean that the holy residence of the True
Creator is somewhere in the Forsaken Land of the Gods? With this in mind,
Klein suddenly felt a baffling sense of wistfulness.
If my theory is correct, then that means that no matter how the City of
Silver tries to save itself, or how they continue passing the flame, once the
True Creator completely awakens or is restored to his original state, they
would unavoidably head towards destruction!
When you are very close to the divine kingdom or holy residence of an evil
god, your survival has nothing to do with your struggles!
This is like the bubbles produced when sea waves surged to the shore. Once
the waves recede, they would vanish.
Human civilization and ethnic groups are just that weak under the gaze of
an evil god.
No, I can’t be that pessimistic. I was only making a guess. Perhaps the one
that forced Will Auceptin to reincarnate isn’t Ouroboros. Perhaps the True
Creator wouldn’t recover or awaken that easily. “He” might be sealed by
the seven deities…
Therefore, the City of Silver still has a chance. A path between the Forsaken
Land of the Gods and the external world needs to be forged before the evil
god escapes from his shackles, allowing them to be moved out! This is
probably why the chief of the City of Silver released Elder Shepherd. They
need to use all the power they can get… Klein forcibly retracted his
thoughts.
He suddenly felt somewhat worried, afraid that his arrival was enough for
him to be stuck in an endless cycle of fate created by the Tail Devourer.
At this point, he instinctively wished to take four steps counter-clockwise
and go above the gray fog. He wanted to forcibly search for memories that
he might have lost, but ultimately, he resisted those actions and prepared to
observe first.
From his interpretation of the symbols, there were no repeating rivers.
There was only a black slush with fish embedded inside. It didn’t mean the
existence of a circle of fate, only the lingering of bad luck!
This was identical to what Anderson said!
As a King of Angels, Ouroboros definitely has more than a cycle of fate.
Different temples have different murals, and them using different powers is
completely logical… Besides, this is a dream!
Besides, even if I didn’t do anything and really am stuck in a repeated
cycle, making me repeatedly converse with the Admiral of Stars, to the
point of making my observations, the problem will be resolved once
Monday comes. The Tarot Club will definitely not be held. Miss Justice and
the others will definitely feel puzzled as they make a prayer, and I’ll use it
to regain my memories… Klein instantly felt confident as the chaos and
tension in his heart was buried instead of disappearing.
He looked up ahead and discovered that the hall went further in. There was
no end to it, and there was light shining inside. However, it was restricted to
the entrance. The other areas were dark and only became darker the deeper
it was. All that could be seen were the wooden doors on both sides; their
destinations were unknown.
Upon seeing this dark and creepy scene, Klein’s desire to continue
exploring was minimized.
To encounter a mural left behind by a King of Angels here, who knows
what will happen if I delve deeper or enter some room…
The fear of the unknown was an extremely ancient feeling. A premonition
of danger with unknown origins had brought about a strong terror towards
the unknown. Klein observed himself for a few seconds before he stopped
proceeding forward.
He turned towards Anderson, who was chopping the gigantic tree.
“Why are you here?”
Anderson looked up and scoffed.
“I’m a treasure hunter.
“So tell me, why would I be here?”
Treasure hunter… Klein casually asked, “There’s treasure here?”
Anderson continued busying himself with the creation of the so-called
canoe. His voice suddenly turned deep.
“There are treasures everywhere in these waters.
“As long as you obtain it successfully and leave alive.”
That’s true… But the problem is that it’s very dangerous if one isn’t a
demigod, but it’s even more dangerous for a demigod to be here… Klein
looked into the hall’s depths and asked, “Do you know where this place is?”
Anderson traced his gaze and said, “I don’t know.
“At least a third of my companions formed a team and headed in to explore.
But they never returned.”
“Are you referring to the real world or the dream world?” Klein asked with
a clear line of thought.
Bang!
After the axe landed, Anderson laughed.
“Of course it’s in the real world.
“The ones that proceeded to explore the dream are the other third of my
companions. They similarly didn’t return.”
“…”
Klein inhaled as he thought.
“Where are their bodies in the real world?”
“They have mutated into monsters. They killed off quite a number of my
companions.” Anderson raised his axe and cleaved down.
Clang!
Amidst a crisp sound, his axe broke into two. As the crack was towards the
back, the fragment immediately shot at him.
Anderson’s right chest and abdomen immediately bled like a spewing
fountain.
He held his left hand to his wound and looked up at Klein. Smiling bitterly,
he said, “I told you I was plagued with bad luck ever since I saw that mural.
“Thankfully, this isn’t considered too unlucky. At the very least, they didn’t
destroy my ordinarily handsome face.”
… Are such descriptive terms supposed to be used that way? Klein looked
at Anderson quickly pull out the fragments from his body as he handled the
wound and consumed some medicine. He discovered that Anderson was
unfazed, and the skill involved in his actions meant that he had already
gotten accustomed to it.
Klein had a single hand in his pocket as he played with the coins in it. After
some deliberation, he asked, “When your companions began the
exploration, were you part of the group that stayed behind to study the
mural?”
Anderson was taken aback as he inserted his medicine bag into his belt and
wiped his mouth.
“No.
“I was part of the group that did the exploration…”
As he spoke, he grinned and revealed a genial smile.
This… Klein’s pupils constricted as he bent his back slightly and raised his
left palm.
At this moment, blinding sunlight illuminated everything in a dazzling
white. Then, it dimmed and vanished.
Klein naturally opened his eyes and discovered that the outside had been
restored to the midday state.
He took out the pocket watch in his inner pocket and opened it.
Only half an hour passed. This night is rather short…
That unlucky Anderson looked very normal, but who knew that he was that
terrifying!
Rolling to his feet, Klein suddenly recalled something. Snake of Fate Will
Auceptin had yet to “reply” to him!
As everyone’s dream had been pulled into the world without the connection
of the spirit world, “He” was unable to locate me? Or did “He” sense
Ouroboros’s aura and didn’t dare come close? Or could there be something
problematic with these waters to begin with? As his thoughts whirled, Klein
decided to verify it.
As for how it could be verified, the method was simple. He could sleep
again while it was still “noon.”
However, he wasn’t in a rush to do so. This was because he wasn’t sure if
there were any taboos about sleeping in the day.
Wearing his cap, Klein came outside the captain’s cabin and knocked on the
door.
After three knocks, he retracted his hand and patiently waited.
Before long, Cattleya opened the door.
She no longer looked as lost as she was in the dream. She had worn her
heavy glasses once again.
“Is sleeping in the day alright?” Klein asked directly.
Cattleya nodded.
“Yes.”
After answering, she hesitated and asked, “It seems you were very proactive
in that dream?”
Realizing how much danger lurked in these waters, and thinking about how
he would be forced to show some of his abilities, Klein decided to
proactively lay the foundations of his future explanations.
He looked at Cattleya and smiled politely.
“Yes.
“This is a gift bestowed upon me by my Lord.”
My Lord… Under Cattleya’s thick glasses, her eyes clearly shimmered.
In a rare instance, she frowned slightly and eased them without asking any
more questions.
Klein thought for a moment, then he added, “Be careful of Heath Doyle.”
Cattleya clearly understood what he meant and directly answered, “Don’t
worry. He has a Sealed Artifact which has a negative effect of him only
being able to hear voices from nearby.”
That’s a smart use of a negative effect… Klein didn’t drone on as he took
off his hat and bowed before returning to his room.
He lay down once again and used Cogitation to fall asleep.
In the dream world, he woke up and saw the familiar pitch-black plains and
black steeple.
Phew, it’s still possible to connect… Klein heaved a sigh of relief and
traveled into the steeple. In the usual place, he saw the scattered tarot cards
and the new words.
“There’s plenty of dangers there, the most dangerous being the dream that
happens when night falls.
“It isn’t about the disappearances if you do not sleep, but there’s one thing
to remember.
“Do not explore that dream!
“Absolutely do not explore that dream!
“Since there’s not enough space, I won’t explain why. Alright, it’s just a
joke. The reason is that the area contains some of the dreams left behind by
a deity.”