Chapter 1271

Seven Lights
Upon hearing Indigo Light Iesus’s reply, Klein’s mind tensed up as he
recalled the crimson moon, the Brown Planet, the Scarlet Planet, the Blue
Planet, and Gold Planet. He felt like they were looking down at him from
above with their eyes.
Silently, a connection was established. The impending fatal corruption
made all of Klein’s Worms of Spirit feel uneasy.
As an angel in control of Sefirah Castle, Klein had many ways to sever this
connection. Firstly, he could use the status and strength of a complete
Mythical Creature. Secondly, he could suppress his anchors, using the
mental imprint the Primordial One left in him to offset it. Thirdly, he could
use the aura of Sefirah Castle that he could now utilize one step further.
Without any hesitation, he chose the simplest and most convenient method
to not leave behind any hidden dangers.
A grayish-white fog appeared around him as all the celestial body
projections in his mind vanished.
After being stunned for a second, Klein organized his words and said,
“There are that many Outer Deities?”
Indigo Light Iesus symbolized the domain of prayers. “He” touched the
ruby ring on “His” right hand and nodded.
“Ever since the Oldest One awakened and split apart, the most powerful
Outer Deities in the entire Universe gathered around this tiny solar system.
Some of ‘Them’ wish to retrieve ‘Their’ sefirot and characteristics that had
been ripped from ‘Them,’ and were attracted here. Some of ‘Them’ have the
hope of getting neighboring sefirot and high-level characteristics which
‘They’ can accommodate.”
Oldest One… The Seven Lights address the original Creator as the Oldest
One, and not the Primordial One… In terms of the name’s meaning, there
isn’t much difference… Klein deliberated and asked, “Sefirot and
characteristics that were ripped and attracted over?”
He could understand the rest of the words Indigo Light had mentioned, and
he had even made some speculation towards such matters. There was just
one point that caught him by surprise.
Blue Light Kuthumi, who was a symbol of the domain of Cogitation and
used love and wisdom as a characteristic of “His” body, explained kindly,
“Your Excellency, you shouldn’t be unfamiliar with the law of convergence
of Beyonder characteristics.”
Seeing Klein nod, the thick-bearded elder with a “sapphire” tied around his
forehead continued, “This isn’t just a law for the Sequence pathways. It’s
also suitable for describing the sefirot and the characteristics related to the
Outer Deities, especially the ones that were directly nurtured and created
from the Oldest One. For example, the Mother Goddess of Depravity, Son
of Chaos, and the Mother Tree of Desire. As for the other Outer Deities, we
aren’t too sure. In short, the three Great Old Ones who lost a portion of their
sefirot and characteristics are most concerned and proactive when it comes
to invading the real world. ‘They’ have been trying to influence the spirit
world and corrupt us.”
Klein nodded slightly and asked in a confirmation-seeking tone, “In other
words, a portion of the current twenty-two pathways and nine sefirot belong
to the Outer Deities?”
“Yes.” The amethyst-wielding Saint Germain, who symbolized the domain
of ritualistic magic, took the opportunity to answer. “When the total number
of 22 pathways and the nine sefirot was reached, everything finally reached
a balance. This might be the mysticism connection that originated from the
Oldest One.”
Klein thought for a moment before saying, “What are they exactly?”
Saint Germain. whose face was suffused with a faint purple glow, making
“Him” look rather mysterious, said, “For example, the Moon and the Earth
pathway both belong to the Mother Goddess of Depravity. ‘She’ is an
existence that stands atop all the Outer Deities. Even after a portion of ‘Her’
sefirah—that is, the Brood Hive—was ripped from ‘Her,’ that remains the
case. ‘She’ is the sovereign of all the feminine forces in the entire
Universe.”
Just as Saint Germain said that, Green Light Serapis suddenly laughed.
“In fact, after carefully analyzing the twenty-two pathways, you’ll discover
that the Moon and Earth pathways are the two most contradictory ones. Heh
heh, the Demoness pathway represents the Oldest One’s feminine side. The
Red Priest pathway represents the masculine side. This happens to form a
deformed aspect of balance, but the Moon and Earth can also make
Beyonders of the corresponding pathways turn into feminine creatures at
high Sequences. There are no pathways that balance it.”
Seeing Klein wince his eyebrows, Green Light, who had the long hair of an
artist, added with a smile, “The Earth pathway’s Sequence 2 is ‘Desolate
Matriarch,’ and the Moon pathway’s Sequence 1 is called ‘Beauty
Goddess.’ Therefore, the Sanguine only have queens and no male princes.”
Then was the ancient goddess, Lilith, originally a male and a female? Klein
mumbled inwardly and asked thoughtfully, “The Primordial Moon is the
Mother Goddess of Depravity?”
“Yes.” Red Light Aiur Moria, who was wearing a diamond crown, nodded
in a dignified manner. “‘She’ occupies the moon, and through ‘Her’ own
level and influence on the Brood Hive and the Uniqueness of two pathways,
‘She’ has gradually infiltrated into reality. The Primordial Moon is ‘Her’
manifestation in this world.”
After saying that, Aiur Moria paused and said, “‘Her’ full title is ‘Mother
Goddess of Depravity,’ ‘Origin of Evil,’ The Indestructible,’ and the ‘Brood
Hive of Filth.'”
Klein recalled the exaggerated reaction of the moon when he first learned of
the secret of the cosmos. He suddenly felt a chill as he hurriedly asked,
“The Devil and Prisoner pathway come from the Mother Tree of Desire?”
Yellow Light Venithan, who was wearing a lemon-yellow robe, sighed.
“Yes, ‘Her’ full name is the ‘Mother Tree of Desire,’ ‘Father to Devils,’
‘Perpetual Blatherer,’ and the ‘Heartless God.’ Therefore, ‘She’ had seized
the opportunity when something happened to the Chained God, easily
achieving ‘Her’ goal of corruption.”
Mother… Father… Is that fellow a man or a woman… Yes, to an existence
at this level, it’s normal for there to be no distinction between genders.
Different incarnations have different images… Heh, ‘She’ even wanted to
bear a child for me. From the present state of the Chained God, if I had
been caught, I’d probably be the one bearing the child. Then, the child will
inherit Sefirah Castle, allowing the Mother Tree of Desire to indirectly
corrupt and control this sefirah…
From this angle, perhaps the Prisoner pathway’s desire of indulgence is the
proper way of acting. However, this “correct” path leads to the Outer Deity,
so temperance is still the better one… Klein frowned slightly as he raised a
question he had guessed before, hoping to get an answer.
“Since there are so many Outer Deities, why haven’t ‘They’ entered our
world yet?”
From what Klein had learned to date, he could guess that, even if it were
only the Mother Goddess of Depravity and the Mother Tree of Desire, the
Outer Deities could easily resolve existences like the former seven deities,
the True Creator, and the Primordial Demoness.
The plump Orange Light Hilarion smiled and said, “All our suffering comes
from the Oldest One. All our luck comes from the Oldest One as well.
“Not only did ‘He’ leave behind ‘His’ spirit, will, branding, and corruption,
but ‘He’ also left behind the sefirot, characteristics, and power.
“The remnants of ‘His’ power formed an invisible barrier outside the planet,
preventing the Outer Deities from directly invading it. However, with the
passage of time, ‘His’ consciousness and powers haven’t truly been revived,
and ‘His’ will and powers are fading. At the end of the Fourth Epoch, this
reached a very serious state. The invisible barrier produced cracks, and the
seven deities had no choice but to move ‘Their’ divine kingdoms into the
astral world to mend the cracks.
It’s no wonder that the true deities from the Fourth Epoch could walk the
land, but “They” rarely descended in the Fifth Epoch… Klein immediately
came to a realization and asked, “When the Oldest One’s will and powers
decline further, the invisible barrier will vanish and usher in the
apocalypse?”
Orange Light Hilarion, who had been smiling all this while, glanced at
Yellow Light Venithan. His expression immediately turned serious.
“Yes.”
When the time comes, the Mother Goddess of Depravity, the Mother Tree
of Desire, and the Son of Chaos and all the other Outer Deities would
invade this planet. Even if the Goddess becomes a Great Old One, “She”
wouldn’t be able to withstand so many of “Them”… The other Sequence 0
deities would be able to tie down one or two Outer Deities together, and that
would be considered a miracle… It would take nine to fight one, or even
more… Klein’s scalp tingled as he once again experienced the meaning of
despair.
No wonder it was called the apocalypse!
With his upheaval in emotions, he immediately felt the Primordial One’s
mental imprint strengthen, and more of it had eroded what the anchors had
fixed in place.
Klein quickly calmed himself down and allowed the fragile balance to
reappear again.
This is the reason why the corruption from underground will naturally
dissipate as long as one doesn’t approach it or resist? Klein recalled some of
the mysticism knowledge he had previously grasped.
“Your Excellency, you’re completely right.” Orange Light Hilarion gave an
affirmative answer.
Klein immediately made other connections.
“Does that mean that the closer one is to the apocalypse, the easier it is for
one to advance? This is because the Primordial One’s will is fading. ‘His’
awakening will become difficult, to the point of not waking up again?”
Red Light, Aiur Moria thought for a moment and said, “This is the reason
why the seven deities have only waited until recently to set ‘Their’ sights on
Above the Sequences before taking concrete action.
“However, the Oldest One’s will can dissipate, but ‘His’ spirit will remain
forever. It won’t be erased unless the entire Universe returns to the
singularity. Therefore, the corresponding high-level existences still have the
possibility of having the Oldest One awaken in ‘Them.’ The higher the
level, the greater the possibility. The corresponding influence and
corruption will become more serious.”
The extraordinary power and the curse that can never be broken are always
two sides of the same coin… Klein sighed. Forcefully suppressing a
problem that wasn’t at his level, he asked, “Do you know the potion
formula for Attendant of Mysteries?”
The amethyst-wielding Saint Germain replied, “There’s a corresponding
mystery attached to such knowledge. It’s not in the spirit world, but
according to our observations, the Attendant of Mysteries ritual should be
closely related to the spirit world.”
Orange Light Hilarion immediately smiled at Klein.
“Your Excellency, if you require anything, we’ll provide our full support.”
This fervor makes me a little afraid, just like facing Arrodes… Klein
nodded slightly and prepared to change the topic.
After some consideration, he asked solemnly, “Do you know of ‘The
Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings’?”
He translated the title using Elvish.
The Seven Lights immediately fell silent. “They” looked at each other and
didn’t reply for a while.
After a few seconds, Orange Light Hilarion sighed.
“We still can’t be sure if you’re ‘Him.’
“‘He’ was a Great Old One who had been active during the end of the
previous civilization up to the mid-stages of the First Epoch. ‘He’ is ‘the
great ruler above the spirit world’ that we speak of.
“The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings is ‘His’ title in the
Western Continent. The other title is ‘King of Space-Time,’ ‘Beacon of
Destiny,’ ‘Embodiment of Sefirah Castle,’ ‘Dominator of the Spirit World,’
and…”
At this point, Orange Light paused and said, “Lord of the Mysteries.”