Chapter 1204

Putting Life and Death Aside
Fors wasn’t surprised by Mr. World’s request. She nervously replied, “Al-
alright.
“What kind of deal is it exactly?”
During this period of time, she had communicated with her teacher, Dorian
Gray Abraham, several times. Under Miss Justice’s guidance, she had laid
quite a lot of foundation for the impending request.
The World Klein laughed hoarsely.
“You don’t have to tell him what I want for now. Just lay out my chips for
him and see if he’s interested.”
“Your bargaining chip is still the promise to break the Abraham family’s
curse?” Fors cautiously sought confirmation.
Klein nodded and pointed at 0-61 on the long mottled table.
“It can also be this Box of the Great Old Ones.”
An item used to exchange for a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact can’t be simple…
Be it Justice Audrey or The Hermit Cattleya, both of them suddenly had
such a realization.
However, Fors paid more attention to the promise of breaking the curse.
This was because she had experienced it herself and knew how tragic her
teacher’s family was.
She replied solemnly without hesitation, “Alright.”
…
Backlund, West Borough, in the basement of a house.
Saint Tenebrous, who was hidden in the shadows, suddenly grew out of the
darkness.
He turned his head as if he was listening to something. The muscles on his
cheeks began to twitch. It wasn’t just one chunk of flesh, but bits. Not only
were they not connected to each other, but they were also interfering with
each other. It looked extremely odd.
In seconds, Kisma wore an extremely painful expression as his skin tore
apart, as flesh and blood beneath squirmed, mixed with a deep black.
With a thud, he fell to the ground and prostrated himself before the altar,
vomiting out large amounts of organs and shimmering light.
Saint Tenebrous’s head was pressed tightly against the ground as he
muttered crazily, “Botis actually died…
“A Secrets Sorcerer who wields a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact died just like
that…
“There’s a tarot card, The Hermit…
“The two enemies that attacked were saints. One was a Mysticologist, while
the other was a Manipulator…
“The organization that believes in The Fool and uses tarot cards as their
codenames…
“Gehrman Sparrow… Azik Eggers…
“…”
After an uncontrollable murmur, Saint Tenebrous Kisma cried, feeling both
vexed and pained.
“I repent, I repent, I repent…”
…
A few days later, in an apartment’s room in Pritz Harbor.
The disguised Dorian Gray Abraham had received a letter from Fors
through many hands.
He examined it carefully and confirmed that there were no issues. After
confirming that there were no abnormal signs, he took out the letter with the
help of a letter knife.
The beginning of the letter was the usual greeting. Following that, Fors
directly wrote:
“…We have already killed Saint of Secrets Botis, and obtained the items on
his person…”
“…” Dorian had originally planned on scanning through the letter quickly,
but he ended up stuck on this sentence. He read it a few times and forgot to
continue reading.
Dorian knew how strong and powerful Botis was. He also knew very well
how terrifying a Secrets Sorcerer was.
But now, the new student he had been teaching for over a year had told him
in a very calm tone that Botis had already been taken care of.
In an instant, the only things that echoed in Dorian’s mind were thoughts of:
“impossible,” “a lie,” and “a conspiracy.” He suspected that Fors had
already been controlled by the Aurora Order.
In any major faction, Sequence 4 Beyonders were the absolute upper
echelons and extremely important members. How could they be so easily
killed!
Dorian’s throat bobbed up and down as he forcefully focused and continued
reading the contents of the letter.
“…We have obtained the Box of the Great Old Ones. I believe you aren’t
unfamiliar with it…”
After reading another line, Dorian’s eyelids twitched a few times. He felt
that the letter in his hand was as heavy as a boulder.
Of course, he wasn’t unfamiliar with the Box of the Great Old Ones. This
was a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact of the Abraham family, proof that they had
once been glorious.
…The one that was killed was Botis who possessed the Box of the Great
Old Ones… Dorian’s shock kept rising. He felt that things had gone beyond
his imagination. On the other hand, he felt that there was a possibility that it
wasn’t impossible. Perhaps the one who really killed Botis was actually the
Box of the Great Old Ones.
He knew very well how dangerous that Grade 0 Sealed Artifact was!
At the same time, he finally noticed a word: “We.”
This was the first time Fors had indicated that she had companions and
partners.
Of course, Dorian had already guessed it, but he hadn’t called her out.
Indeed… Dorian sighed and eagerly read the rest.
“…I have a friend who wants to show you his goodwill by pushing for this
operation against Botis. He said that he wants to make a deal with you, and
is willing to use the Box of the Great Old Ones or a promise to remove the
Abraham family’s curse in exchange. He wonders if you are interested. He
doesn’t know where you are, and I won’t tell him. You can totally refuse…”
A promise to remove the curse? Dorian skipped over the Box of the Great
Old Ones and ruminated on the extremely important part of the sentence.
After the first few letters, he had fully understood the true nature of the
family’s curse. It was both a sorrowful and helpless matter—a glimmer of
hope that was brewed out of the pain.
Before this, who would have thought that the person who caused the
descendants of the Abraham family to lose control would be their ancestor’s
cry for help?
This was like a cruel joke from fate.
Dorian didn’t know if Mr. Door knew the consequences of “His” actions,
nor did he know how to describe his complicated feelings. However, he
couldn’t help but start searching for a way to make Mr. Door return and
completely remove the family curse.
This was a path with very slim hope, but for the Abraham family, it was
enough, because a light had finally appeared in the darkness.
After an unknown period of time, Dorian folded the letter and smiled
bitterly to himself.
“Goodwill… Such goodwill is frightening…”
After he muttered to himself, he fell into silence again. His expression was
gloomy and his heart seemed to be struggling.
Gong!
The sound of the wall clock rang punctually, snapping Dorian out of his
daze.
His expression gradually became solemn, and he finally made a decision.
After making up his mind, Dorian felt much more relaxed. He even smiled.
He first burned Fors’s letter before packing his bag and heading out to the
steam locomotive station in Pritz Harbor.
He was going to Southville, but not to hide, but to make some preparations.
He planned on handing all his family’s items and potion formulas to one of
the family members who was staying there before returning to Pritz Harbor.
With his identity as Dorian Gray, he would head to Backlund to meet his
student, Fors, and the powerhouse who had shown his goodwill.
When the time came, he would consume a type of medicine in advance to
allow himself to suffer a powerful curse that rooted itself in his Spirit Body.
He would have to regularly consume another type of medicine to maintain
his life. This way, even if he was controlled and unable to commit suicide,
he would quickly die because he had no chance to take the medicine. With
his Spirit Body dissipating, he wouldn’t leak any key information.
For this “journey,” Dorian had put life and death aside.
He was willing to sacrifice his life for that slim hope.
…
North Borough in Backlund, beneath Saint Samuel Cathedral.
Leonard, who had just had a discussion with the members of the Mandated
Punishers, the Machinery Hivemind, and MI9, returned to his office and sat
down.
At that moment, the slightly-aged voice of Pallez Zoroast resounded in his
mind:
“They’ve finally found the exact location of the Jacob family’s treasure
trove and are about to enter.”
“Ah?” Leonard was momentarily stunned, unable to react.
Previously, at the gathering of the Hermits of Fate, he had sold the news of
the Jacob family’s treasure trove. As no one knew what was inside, no one
was willing to offer a high price. And Leonard’s main goal was not to trade,
so he had only exchanged it for some rare spirits.
He immediately lowered his voice and said, “Old Man, how do you know
that?”
“Heh, it’s a given that I sent out my avatar to monitor the area,” Pallez
Zoroast replied unhappily. “Are you underestimating an angel from the
Marauder pathway?”
Leonard laughed dryly.
“Old Man, you’ve recovered quite well. You even have excess
characteristics for an avatar.”
“I’m already at the level of a Sequence 2.” Pallez Zoroast scoffed. “Next,
don’t go out. Just stay inside the cathedral to prevent any accidents from
happening.”
“Are you worried that a trap lies within the treasure?” Leonard asked
thoughtfully.
“How can a treasure left behind by a Marauder angel not have a trap?”
Pallez Zoroast said with a scoff. “I can’t predict what will happen, but
staying underground in the cathedral is definitely safe.”
Leonard nodded and suppressed his voice.
“Let’s hope everything goes smoothly. Old Man, you promised me that if
you can successfully obtain a Sequence 2 Beyonder characteristic, you will
steal a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact from the items they obtained for me.”
It wasn’t that he was concerned about whether he reaped anything out of it,
but rather, it was to ease his sudden anxiety.
“Weren’t you against ‘stealing’?” After a mocking remark, Pallez fell silent,
as if “He” was focused on monitoring the situation at the Jacob family’s
treasure trove.
About an hour later, “He” heaved a sigh of relief in Leonard’s mind.
“Although there were many traps and accidents, they eventually reached the
predetermined target. Heh heh, I only took that characteristic and a Sealed
Artifact. The rest will be their payment.
“Don’t be in a hurry to leave this place. Wait until I absorb that
characteristic before leaving. When that happens, there won’t be any
problems.”
Leonard immediately relaxed and leaned back, crossing his legs as he read
the newspaper leisurely.
In the evening, Pallez Zoroast finally spoke again.
“It’s done.”
“His” voice contained plenty of emotions, but because it was too
complicated, Leonard was unable to tell.
Seeing that nothing had happened and that Old Man might still need to
digest, Leonard stood up and rubbed his temples. He left Saint Samuel
Cathedral and returned to 7 Pinster Street.
As he passed through the porch, he suddenly saw a person sitting on the
sofa.
The man was wearing a classic black robe and a pointed hat. He placed his
right leg over his left and was leisurely reading a newspaper.
As if sensing Leonard’s arrival, that person raised his head and adjusted the
monocle on his right eye, revealing a teasing smile.