Chapter 188

: Ball
Sharp nose, thin eyebrows, slightly droopy cheeks, faint blue eyes…
Qilangos examined himself in the mirror. He was certain that he looked no
different from the unconscious man.
After he rehearsed a few of the man’s gestures, he bent down to drag the
man off the ground and shoved him into a wardrobe.
Then, he extended his right hand. With an audible snap, he broke the man’s
neck.
Qilangos took out his handkerchief and wiped his hands before closing the
wardrobe door.
He slowly walked back to the mirror, wore a black double-breasted suit,
tied a bowtie, and raised a bottle of amber-colored cologne. He dripped a
few drops on his wrist, then dabbed them over himself.
Qilangos tidied his hair in front of the mirror, then walked out of the room.
He clasped his hands and told his butler who was waiting outside, “Don’t
let anyone enter my room; I’m keeping something very important in there.”
“Yes, Baron!” The balding butler pressed his hand against his chest and
bowed. “Your carriage and personal servant is waiting downstairs. Duke
Negan’s invitation card is there as well.”
Maintaining the baron’s mannerisms, Qilangos nodded indiscernibly. He
walked towards the stairs in an arrogant manner under the company of his
butler.
Heh, a baron who is riddled in debt, to the point of not wanting to hire a
normal security guard, has actually maintained his hiring of a butler,
personal male servant, two attendants, two first-grade maidservants, four
second-grade maidservants, two laundry female workers, one carriage
driver, one stablemaster, one gardener, one chef, and one sous chef. To these
foolish nobles, dignity really is everything… I even had to waste some of my
time to learn the strange pronunciations and so-called “noble slang”…
Qilangos thought to himself in disdain.
…
Backlund, Cherwood Backlund. In a particular cramped apartment.
Xio Derecha sat cross-legged on a bed and looked at Fors Wall who was
reading a novel with the light from the window.
“This is so disappointing. Qilangos didn’t leave any clues behind. We still
haven’t figured out what he’s trying to do in Backlund.”
They had acted according to their initial plan and lodged a police report.
Then, they secretly sent a letter to the local police station and described the
strange situation at the crime scene in detail. They also mentioned that the
suspect could be Qilangos.
The police station responded as they had predicted. The policemen were
very careful, and they transferred the case directly to the Mandated
Punishers.
After a day’s time, the news that Rear Admiral Hurricane had sneaked into
Backlund was widely spread among all “enforcement teams.” Xio and Fors
also left the place they originally rented and hid to investigate in secret.
They didn’t want to be brought back to the police station to help with the
official investigation. The Mandated Punishers, Nighthawks, and
Machinery Hivemind were all hostile towards non-official Beyonders. The
Churches viewed them as potential criminals.
Hence, not only were Xio and Fors avoiding the possibility of Qilangos’s
pursuit, but they were also hiding from the “enforcement” authorities.
“If we could discover his purpose so easily, Qilangos would’ve been buried
in a cemetery long ago, and the tombstone would be covered in weeds,”
Fors replied casually. “We need to wait patiently. As long as the authorities
continue to take this much interest in him, Qilangos will definitely make a
mistake. I’ve got to say, I’m quite envious of a mystical item that can allow
one to change appearances.”
Xio hugged her knees and looked out the window.
“I’m just worried that Qilangos will take action soon and then flee from
Backlund before anyone can respond.
“If that happens, I don’t know when I’ll be able to advance to Sequence 8,
let alone Sequence 6 or Sequence 5…”
She paused and muttered as her mind spaced out, “I don’t know when I’ll
be able to take back the things that belonged to our family… It’s been
almost a year since I last saw my younger brother…”
Fors gave her a comforting smile.
“When you fulfill your wishes, please allow me to write your experiences
into a story. It would definitely be an interesting and exciting one.”
“Hmm, I actually find Miss Audrey very generous. Even if Qilangos
escapes, I think she’ll still reward us handsomely. We’ve been busying
ourselves for so long after all, and we’ve even caused Qilangos to appear.”
“I hope so… Sigh, why can’t I have any fortuitous encounters?” Xio
grabbed her shoulder-length blonde hair.
Fors frowned and said, “In the Beyonder world, fortuitous encounters are
usually accompanied with danger. I have yet to figure out what the ravings
we hear during the full moon mean, or if they will result in negative
changes. Heh heh, fortuitous encounters without dangers may exist, but
they are very, very rare. It’s difficult for your wish to be fulfilled, unless…
unless we receive the favors from an orthodox deity or the attention of some
friendly hidden existence. However, it would be hard for us to tell if it was
really an evil god or devil in disguise.”
Xio sat straight and drew a crimson moon on her chest.
“May the Goddess watch over me!”
…
Duke Negan was in his mansion located in Backlund, Empress Borough,
where he was hosting a grand ball.
There were two parts of the mansion. One was the dancing hall located on
the ground floor, which was covered with glamorous stone slabs carved
with complicated patterns. There was the duke’s excellent ensemble playing
music in a corner. Up the stairs, there was a winding corridor that circled
the hall located on the second floor. The guests were holding their glasses,
leaning against the railing, overlooking the people dancing on the ground
floor as though they were enjoying a fencing match from the stands.
Occasionally, a gentleman would walk before a lady or his wife to invite
them to dance. If the invitation was accepted, both of them would walk
down the stairs hand in hand and enter the hall.
On the far side of the corridor, there were doors after doors. They were
rooms that had been allocated to the guests as their resting quarters.
But behind a French door was a corridor, and on both sides of the corridor
were various gypsum statues. They were all the ancestors of the Negan
family.
At the end of the corridor was another hall which could see the ball. Long
tables were covered with a variety of delicious food and fine wine, and
another ensemble belonging to the duke was playing relaxing melodies for
the guests.
In the hall, the guests were gathering in groups. Some were seated and some
stood around, chatting about all kinds of matters. Those who wished to get
away from the frivolities for a while would go to the attached balconies to
overlook the garden and enjoy the crimson moon in the sky.
After participating in the opening dance, Audrey Hall stood on the second
floor above the dancing hall and stared at the candles on the huge crystal
chandeliers hanging from the rooftop in a daze. However, she noticed that
many young men were appearing to pump themselves up to come over and
invite her for a dance. So, she wisely left the place and went to the corridor
that connected to the dining hall.
How boring, but my attendance is necessary… Sigh, can’t they just let me
observe in silence? I have to say, some people have rich facial expressions
when they dance. They remind me of animals seeking mates… Audrey
lowered her head, looked at the tips of her feet, and walked in a straight line
out of boredom.
Just then, the corner of her eyes caught an approaching figure. She slowed
down, stood straight, and instantly became the elegant yet quiet Miss Hall.
“Good day, Baron Gramir,” Audrey greeted with a flawless smile and
etiquette.
Baron Gramir had thin eyebrows and faint blue eyes. He smiled and bowed.
“Nice to meet you again, Miss Hall. You are the brightest and most dazzling
gemstone at this ball.”
After exchanging a few words, Baron Gramir headed for the dancing hall
while Audrey continued approaching the dining hall.
After a few steps, she suddenly frowned. There was puzzlement in her
green eyes.
Baron Gramir isn’t the same as before…
In the past, when he sees a pretty lady or madam of a higher rank than he
is, and one that’s relatively prettier, he would look to the side without
looking at them directly. Then, he would steal glances constantly… But
today, he appears very confident…
Also, his cologne smells off. In the numerous parties in the past, his body
would emit the final note of the Amber cologne fragrance, musky yet faint,
not ostentatious yet elegant. In other words, he would spray the cologne a
few hours earlier to let the front and middle notes disperse before the
gathering. But just now, his cologne was Amber in middle note, rich and
refined…
Audrey slowed down her footsteps. As a Spectator who had completely
digested her potion, her sensitivity towards details wasn’t anything other
Beyonders could compare to.
Suddenly, she thought of a possibility. Her green crystal-clear eyes froze.
It couldn’t be Qilangos in a disguise, right?
The Creeping Hunger has the power to change a person’s appearance!
…
The more Audrey thought about it, the more possible it seemed. She felt
uptight as she turned nervous and panicky.
If he really was Rear Admiral Hurricane, what is he trying to do? It’s a pity
that I can’t bring Susie to the ball. Otherwise, I could ask her to observe
Baron Gramir… No way, I have to warn Father! Amidst her frantic
thoughts, Audrey quickened her pace and entered the dining hall. She found
Count Hall who was talking to the Chief Cabinet Secretary and others.
She flashed a flawless smile and walked over. She held Count Hall by his
arm and told the others, “Gentlemen, do you mind if I borrow Count Hall
for a few minutes?”
“Beautiful lady, it’s your right,” The few gentlemen said in a friendly
response.
Audrey held Count Hall by his arm and moved to the nearest balcony. They
found a quiet, uninhabited corner, and she said to her middle-aged father
who was getting plump, “Father, I have something to tell you.”
Count Hall was smiling fondly at his daughter, but he got serious when he
saw her serious facial expression, “What’s the matter?”
“I ran into Baron Gramir earlier, but there are things about him that are
different from the past. For instance, his cologne was in the middle note of
the Amber fragrance. It used to be the end note. And…” Audrey continued
with the things that she found different. It could be explained as being
sensitive and meticulous.
After she described what she had noticed, she weighed her words and
added, “I heard from Viscount Glaint that Rear Admiral Hurricane Qilangos
has the ability to take on other people’s appearance. Hasn’t he been in
Backlund recently?”
Count Hall listened to her carefully, and his face grew abnormally grave.
But he soon flashed a smile and comforted his anxious daughter.
“I’ll take care of this. Go look for your mother and stay with her. She’s at
the lounge in this hall.”
“Okay.” Audrey nodded obediently.
On the way back to the lounge, she turned around and looked at her father.
She saw that Count Hall was talking to another noble softly, and he wore a
rather solemn look.
Audrey couldn’t help but feel anxious. She felt that she needed to do
something to make sure that her father, mother, and brother didn’t get hurt.
She surveyed the area and changed the direction in which she was heading
in. She left the dining hall and found Duke Negan’s small prayer room.
She pushed the door closed and locked it behind her. She looked at the
symbol of the Lord of Storms before her and subconsciously found a
remote and dark corner.
Audrey sat down with her body leaning forward. She clasped her hands
together into a praying position and supported her forehead.
Then, she recited softly in Hermes, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to this
era, you are the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; you are the King of
Yellow and Black who wields good luck.”