Chapter 304

: Feathers
White Feathers?
Looking at the corpseless grave, Klein suddenly thought of a word:
“Angel!”
In the canon of the seven major Churches, they were filled with legends of
Angels and Saints. The former had one characteristic—a pair of pure white
wings on its back, and as many as two, three, or even six pairs of pure white
wings.
However, in the blink of an eye, Klein remembered something else
Mr. Azik had once described his dream to him—one that seemed to indicate
his different lives.
One of the scenes was inside a dark mausoleum. There were many opened
ancient coffins beside him, and in the coffins, there were corpses with white
feathers growing from their backs!
Is this a special characteristic of the Death pathway, or a strange
phenomenon caused by the Numinous Episcopate? Klein didn’t say a word
as he restrained his emotions and calmly looked at the white feathers
stained with yellowish oil at the bottom of the grave.
His initial judgment was that the old gentleman wasn’t an angel, as the
terrifying Sequence 2, or even Sequence 1 Beyonders, would certainly
produce intense effects on their surroundings when they died. For example,
the Holy Artifact, the ashes of a Saint which had been stored behind Tingen
City’s Chanis Gate, would extend almost invisible thin, black, and cold
lines so as to seal the people and things around it.
Of course, it’s also possible that he didn’t actually die… He’s like Mr. Azik?
Klein bent down and picked up three white feathers with his black-gloved
right hand.
He planned to do some divination above the gray fog when he returned
home.
At that moment, Kapusky came to his senses, scrambled to Klein’s side, and
looked at the grave with a hint of fear.
“Where’s the body?”
Klein looked at him and said in a low voice, “Maybe he left by himself”
“He left by himself…” Kapusky repeated in horror, now fully aware of how
terrible it was for the dead to awaken.
His legs trembled as he muttered to himself, “B-but I didn’t use the
resurrection ritual on him.”
Klein turned around and looked at him for a few seconds.
“Death is not the end.”
“Death is not the end… Death is not the end… ” Kapusky was quite
frightened by his own beliefs as he blurted out, “W-will he come back?”
Well, the copper whistle had summoned a messenger which probably
corresponds to the old gentleman. In other words, by giving the messenger
a letter, it is equivalent to sending a letter to the old gentleman — a man
who has been dead for almost half a year… Heh, I wonder where he went
and what kind of state he’s in… In response to Kapusky’s question, Klein
gave him an indifferent reminder.
“Don’t blow that copper whistle again.”
“You mean the copper whistle will draw him back?” Kapusky asked in
horror.
Before Klein could reply, he asked again, “C-can you help me throw this
copper whistle into the Tussock River?
“If you can’t, I-I’ll do it myself.”
Weren’t you interested in the philosophy of death? Klein lampooned as he
reached out to take Kapusky’s copper whistle.
He was planning on sending the dead man a letter when the conditions were
right to see what would happen.
Of course, the prerequisite for all of this was that he was certain that there
wasn’t too much danger involved.
After instructing Kapusky to fill up the grave again, Klein had a brief
exchange with him about the “Spirit Dance” and the corresponding
mysticism knowledge, enriching his own knowledge. He also asked
Kapusky in detail about how he laid the old gentleman’s body, facing down,
in accordance with his last words.
Under certain special circumstances, using “Spirit Dance” to replace part
of the cumbersome setup for ritualistic magic would be more effective and
simple… Seeing that he had achieved his goal, Klein warned Kapusky to
stop dabbling with the so-called resurrection rituals.
Then, he left the street through the garden and took a long detour via
carriage to East Borough.
After changing back into his previous clothes, he returned to Minsk Street
and entered his bedroom. After a series of actions, he carried the three white
feathers and Kapusky’s copper whistle above the gray fog.
Seated in The Fool’s high back chair, Klein conjured pen and a paper. He
wrote a divination statement he had long thought of: “Its origins.”
Then, he held the three white feathers and leaned back in his chair.
As he chanted silently, Klein entered a dreamland. It was a blurry grayish-
white all around him.
In this world, there was rich darkness without any light. Suddenly, the
darkness was dyed with a crimson shade. A thin, pale hand reached out of
the yellowish-brown soil.
A figure slowly got up. He didn’t lift the stone slab, but he pierced through
the soil directly.
Under the crimson red moonlight, the clothes on the figure’s back were
tattered, and white feathers grew out one after another.
The white-haired man tilted his head, revealing the red spots on his face, as
well as his blank, emotionless eyes.
It began to walk, struggling through the surrounding fences, heading deeper
into the darkness until it disappeared far away.
The dream shattered and Klein woke up.
White feathers sprouted from the back of the corpse… Its state resembles
Miss Sharron’s, but it’s clearly different as well. It gave off a very heavy and
corporeal feeling… It seemed to be phasing between a human’s body and a
spirit’s body in a semi-natural and incomplete transformation? An envoy
that’s connected to the real world and the spirit underworld? Klein tapped
the edge of the long table and thought for quite a while.
Then, he divined whether there was any danger in using the copper whistle
he received from Kapusky at that very moment and received a positive
answer. Furthermore, the spirit pendulum moved with great amplitude and
high frequencies.
It’s a pity that I can’t directly use the copper whistle above the gray fog. The
messenger wouldn’t be able to enter at all; otherwise, there wouldn’t be any
danger… After muttering to himself, Klein descended through the gray fog
and returned to the real world.
…
Early morning, in the relatively refreshing woods in Empress Borough.
The Apothecary, with a round face who was in his thirties, appeared in a
secluded corner and stored the herbs that he had secretly planted into a
leather bag that he carried around with him.
After completing the mission for the day, he straightened his back, and he
began to stretch his body. He mumbled to himself in great satisfaction,
“Sure enough, my physical constitution has improved. I’m no longer like
what I was before where I was relatively resistant to poisonous elements.
“However… Why is my Sequence 8 Beast Tamer? What does this have to
do with Apothecary?
“Well, an Apothecary tames and uses plants and parts of animals that have
lost their lives, while a Beast Tamer tames and uses living animals. Does it
include Beyonder creatures?
“Then, will my Sequence 7 be able to tame and use humans?
“The old geezer didn’t even tell me the name of Sequence 7, nor did he give
me the formula. When I stabilize, I’ll have to try contacting him.”
The Apothecary began punching and kicking to get used to his strengthened
body. He only stopped when he was utterly exhausted.
Whoosh… While panting, he began to consider a serious problem: How
should a Beast Tamer act?
“Beast Tamer… how should it be done? Look for animals and tame them?”
As the Apothecary was mumbling to himself, he suddenly sensed something
and looked towards the artificial lake.
There was a huge golden retriever running happily.
The large golden retriever seemed to notice his gaze as it suddenly turned
its head to look at him.
As their gazes met in midair, the large golden retriever froze for a moment.
Then, it nimbly turned around and ran away, disappearing without a trace.
…
In the Hall family’s luxurious villa.
Susie returned to a piano room and sat beside Audrey’s feet, her tongue
hanging out as she panted heavily.
It waited until the blonde girl finished playing a song before it said in fear,
“Audrey, I met a scary guy.
“His eyes were scary!”
“Is that so? What did he want to do to you?” Audrey asked, curious and
concerned.
Susie thought for a moment and said, “I don’t know either. In short, he’s
very dangerous. That was my intuition.”
“What does he look like?” Audrey considered letting the guards and
attendants warn the man.
“I didn’t see him clearly. I feel that he is my natural enemy!” Susie replied
in all seriousness.
Your natural enemy? A dog-type nemesis? Audrey gave a reserved smile.
“Susie, don’t go into those woods for now.”
“Woof, Audrey, were you in a bad mood? I could tell from your piano
music,” Susie asked.
Audrey nodded gently and said, “Yea… I just received word from Glaint
that Fors and Xio wanted to inform me that this evening’s gathering has
been canceled. I was originally planning to exchange some Beyonder
ingredients for you.”
And also attempt to come into contact with people from the Psychology
Alchemists…she added silently in her heart.
“Why?” Susie asked, puzzled.
Audrey thought for a moment before replying, “It’s said to be a result of the
serial murders.”
…
On Saturday morning, Backlund’s air was as bad as usual.
Klein was trying to make a noodle dish which he loved to eat as a child. For
this, he bought higher quality flour, added water and sugar, and mixed it to
form a pot of thin “paste.”
Then, he poured oil into the pot and moistened the surface.
After the oil heated up, he scooped up some of the flour paste with his soup
spoon and poured it to the side of the pot, spreading it thin.
Amidst the sizzling sounds, he spread out several flat pieces of bread, and
the fragrance of the flour gradually emanated.
When he was almost done, he removed the soft flat pieces of bread, one by
one, and put them on the plate. Then, he added water and turned the
remaining materials into batter.
As soon as he returned to the dining room with the flat bread and “paste,”
Klein impatiently tore off a piece and stuffed it into his mouth.
The flat piece of bread only had a rich fragrance of wheat and a sweet taste
that whetted his appetite. It was simple and plain, but it was exceptionally
delicious.
It’s the taste from my memories… Klein quickly ate, occasionally drinking a
mouthful of the paste.
As he was almost done eating and started to slow down, the doorbell
suddenly rang.
A new commission? Klein took off his napkin, wiped his hands, and got up
to go to the door.
Before he touched the handle, the image of a visitor appeared in his mind.
It was a middle-aged gentleman with white sideburns, a thin face, and an
outstanding temperament.
It was the private detective, Isengard Stanton, who could get an invitation
from the police!
Why is he here? Klein opened the door in puzzlement and asked with a
smile, “Good morning, Mr. Stanton. Is there something?”
Isengard took off his half top hat and smiled.
“Good morning, Mr. Moriarty. I wish to work with you. I believe you’re an
excellent detective. After all, you previously managed to lead your
investigations all the way to East Balam Dock and the Dock Union all by
yourself.”
“Cooperate?” Klein didn’t hide his surprise.
Isengard tapped his black cane and replied in a deep voice, “To find the
serial killer behind the recent chain of serial murders.
“The police has already offered a reward of 2,000 pounds.”