Chapter 1249

: Showcasing His Might
Boom! Boom!
In an underground shelter in Backlund, Audrey, who was dressed in hunting
attire, listened to the distant explosions.
When she turned around, she happened to see Melissa looking at her in
confusion.
The young girl, who had just reached adulthood, asked in a dreamy tone,
“Miss Audrey, will the war end if we’re completely defeated? Will we no
longer have to worry about bombardments, raids, and having insufficient
food?”
Audrey looked at her deeply and said, “But if that happens, you will have to
change your faith.”
Melissa hesitated, not knowing how to respond. At this moment, a
commoner curled up against the wall blurted out, “I believe in the God of
Steam and Machinery! Even if Feysac and Intis win, I don’t need to change
my faith!”
When that happens, life would return to its original warm and peaceful
state!
These words stirred the commoners who were hiding in the shelter. They
whispered to each other and discussed possible developments. There were
no lack of Evernight believers.
To most people, faith wasn’t that important compared to life. After all, a
true deity would eventually still protect them.
The police officers who maintained the order of the shelter didn’t stop the
commotion from spreading. They watched on coldly, some even having a
hint of anticipation.
However, the defeated will definitely suffer something far crueler than you
can imagine. It’s not something that can be summarized with just a change
of faith… Be it a lesson from history or her conclusion deduced from the
human psyche, all of them made Audrey more pessimistic than everyone
present.
She looked around and could not help but sigh inwardly.
“The Goddess’s anchor is already greatly shaken… If not for the grain
support from before, it might have completely collapsed…”
As for what this situation meant, Audrey knew very well in her heart. She
closed her eyes, tilted her head slightly, and muttered to herself silently,
“The battle of gods is about to begin…”
The final outcome was about to appear.
After nodding at Melissa, Audrey turned and left the area, arriving at the
entrance of the shelter.
The golden retriever, Susie, was seated there, looking like a qualified guard.
“You… don’t seem like you plan to return?” Susie’s nose twitched as she
asked with a suppressed voice.
Audrey had hidden herself in this shelter from the beginning of the siege
that began today; therefore, she hadn’t had the time to return to her own
residence in Empress Borough. As the battle had decreased in intensity
slightly, Earl Hall had already sent two people to urge her to return, so that
she could head for a sanctuary for nobles.
Audrey shook her head and said with a faint smile, “I have to do what I
need to do.”
Without waiting for Susie’s reply, she smiled and said, “Stay here on my
behalf and secretly placate them. Don’t let any commotions happen here. If
they want to pat you, let them do so.”
Susie hesitated for two seconds before saying, “Alright.”
Audrey didn’t say anything else. She left the shelter, completely ignored by
the troop of soldiers guarding the shelter.
The sky outside was dark, and there were many buildings that had
collapsed. They burned with flames that were about to be extinguished. The
streets were empty, with no carriages or pedestrians.
This was completely different from what Audrey remembered of Backlund.
Backlund was originally blue, yellow, and beige. It was lively, bustling, and
full of vitality. But now, it was gray, black, and scarlet. It was in shambles,
disorder, and somewhat silent.
Looking left and right, Audrey identified her bearings while in her hunting
attire, and walked towards the city borders.
What she wanted to do was simple:
Join the war and do her best to help Loen not collapse before the end of the
battle of gods.
If the winner of the battle of gods was the opposing side, she would use
various methods, such as “Cue,” “Hypnosis,” “Mental Plague,” and other
means, to prevent the soldiers, officers, and Beyonders from venting their
emotions, as well as reduce the damage brought by the war.
Amidst the flickering flames, Audrey quickly passed through them and ran
into the distance.
…
Rorsted Archipelago, City of Generosity, Bayam. In a room at the top of the
Cathedral of Waves.
Dressed in a black cloak, Danitz met the legendary cardinal of the Church
of Storms, the high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers, Sea King
Jahn Kottman.
Glancing at the muscles that filled up his priest robes, Danitz swallowed the
words he was about to say, and he deliberated for a moment before saying,
“I come with good intentions.”
For some reason, he felt that his skin was numb, as though invisible
lightning was dancing on them.
“Good intentions?” The tall, muscular, well-defined Jahn Kottman grunted.
Heh, I had already considered the fact that fellows from the Sailor pathway
are more irritable, making them incapable of telling the difference between
a joke and sarcasm. Once their anger erupts, they don’t even consider the
overall situation. Otherwise, I wouldn’t even need to speak like this…
Dogsh*t! Danitz mumbled to himself, maintaining his smile as he explained
the Resistance’s intentions.
Jahn Kottman stared at the pirate whose affiliation with the Golden Dream
remained unknown and suddenly sneered.
“If we withdraw most of our strength, can you defend Bayam and the
archipelago?
“If you can’t defend it, how are you going to guarantee that the interests of
the Loen migrants will be maintained when the Feysac and Feynapotter
combined navy forces breach the defense lines?”
As a demigod, he was extremely certain that Sea God Kalvetua had already
perished. However, he didn’t know who it was that was using the name of
“Sea God,” or if that entity had the ability to protect the Rorsted
Archipelago.
That’s a good question… Only with questions can there be room for a
successful negotiation… In fact, Danitz had never thought of how the
Resistance would defend against the Feysac and Feynapotter after Loen’s
powerhouses were transferred back to Backlund. He fully believed that
Gehrman Sparrow and Mr. Fool behind him had the ability to protect this
place.
As his thoughts raced, Danitz looked at the extremely oppressive Sea King
and said, “I will pray to my Lord and ask ‘Him’ to protect the Rorsted
Archipelago.”
“Oh?” Sea King Jahn Kottman narrowed his eyes and took a step forward.
The aura from the Tyrant pathway made Danitz involuntarily take two steps
back. He lowered his head and prayed on the spot.
“Blessed of the sea and spirit world, guardian of the Rorsted Archipelago,
ruler of the undersea creatures, master of tsunamis and storms, the great
Kalvetua, please send down your powers to protect the Rorsted
Archipelago…”
After the prayer, Danitz carefully cast his gaze out the window, but he
didn’t discover anything unusual.
Jahn Kottman sized him up for a few seconds before saying, “Your god
doesn’t seem to be responding…”
“Ahem.” Danitz cleared his throat and felt his heart beating like a drum.
At that moment, the sky outside suddenly darkened. It was as if a large
number of dark clouds were flying over, blotting out the sun.
Sea King Jahn Kottman instinctively turned his head and looked out the
window. He saw a shadow cast over the border between the sea and the sky.
With his control of the archipelago’s waters, scenes of the overall situation
rapidly surfaced in the Cardinals cardinal’s mind.
The Rorsted Archipelago, along with the surrounding seas, was shrouded by
thick fog. It became indistinct and surreal.
A seabird flew past and attempted to land on the dock, but it failed to pass
through it, unable to set foot.
The commoners in the archipelago continued living normally, aside from
noticing the brewing storm.
This… Jahn Kottman’s dark blue pupils dilated significantly. He
subconsciously turned his head to look at the Sea God’s Blessed, Blazing
Danitz.
Danitz’s mouth gaped slightly as he forgot to close it. His shock was not
lesser than the shock Sea King experienced.
A few seconds later, the fog dissipated and the shadows faded away.
Everything in the Rorsted Archipelago returned to normal.
“…” Danitz blinked. When Sea King Jahn Kottman looked over again,
Danitz chuckled and said, “My Lord has responded to my prayers.”
As he spoke, the pirate with a bounty of more than ten thousand pounds
slapped himself inwardly.
Dogsh*t! You actually dare to suspect Mr. Fool! Isn’t this the might of Mr.
Fool?
Jahn Kottman remained silent for a few seconds before saying, “I will
consider your proposal carefully. I will immediately convene a meeting
with the key figures in Bayam to discuss this matter. I will give you an
answer in an hour.”
Danitz lifted his chin slightly and laughed.
“I will wait patiently.”
With that said, he followed his instincts as a Hunter, and he indifferently
bowed before leaving the room.
Amidst the creaking sound, silver bolts of lightning lit up in the blue eyes of
Jahn Kottman.
…
In the ancient palace above the fog.
Klein threw the “curtain” back into the “metal pot” and sealed it again.
He had used the power of a Sequence 1 Attendant of Mysteries and stirred
the power of Sefirah Castle to respond, creating a shocking effect for Jahn
Kottman.
In another half a day, the Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic
will be separated, and the rest can be used to concoct the Miracle Invoker
potion. Yes, when it’s only at the Sequence 2 level, I can attempt to use the
power Sefirah Castle to shatter it and let the Beyonder characteristics such
as the Scholar of Yore and Bizarro Sorcerer to seep out in a shorter amount
of time. That will lower the risk brought by the potion… Klein mumbled
before rapidly returning to the real world.
He wasn’t situated in the dark moors anymore, but the frozen dusk of the
Giant King’s Court.
He had entered the Giant King’s Court before the City of Silver’s
expedition team arrived at the Afternoon Town encampment.
Under the orange light, Klein felt the degeneration and exhaustion of his
body. He cast his gaze at the magnificent and beautiful buildings situated
high above.
The countless palaces and towers still had the remnant glory of the Second
Epoch, as though they were a manifestation of myths.
No, it was a myth.
Before the City of Silver’s exploration team officially took action, Klein
planned on attempting to open the palace where Dark Angel Sasrir was
sleeping.
This way, if there were any accidents, the City of Silver’s expedition team
would still have time to make targeted preparations. As for Klein himself, it
would definitely be much safer for him compared to the others since he was
using a historical projection.