Chapter 1148

Not Late
There were very few chances to use charms in high-level battles. No one
would take the initiative to leave an opening for their opponent while they
chanted the incantation. The reason Trissy was able to complete the
corresponding action was because she had ignited wicked black flames
from the inside out. As for the black flames, they seemed to absorb all the
heat in the surrounding areas, causing thick ice crystals to form. Beyond the
ice crystals, there were almost invisible spider webs that wrapped around
them, forming huge cocoons.
Relying on the three layers of defense, Trissy managed to buy almost two
seconds, so she took out the rectangular diamond-shaped charm and
chanted, “Yesterday!”
The transparent flame ignited amidst the wicked black flames. The
diamond-like charm silently disintegrated before merging with the void.
This was something Klein had specially provided to the Demoness, so as to
allow the damage from the three prongs to become the main assault point at
any time.
Trissy immediately saw the grayish-white fog and realized that the scenes
in the past were like stars, densely packed together.
There were scenes of the young him wandering the streets, coming under
the control of the mafia, swindling, cheating, and stealing from others. He
later joined the Theosophy Order and became an Assassin. There, he
enjoyed ending lives and the bloodshed, instigating others to tear off their
masks and reveal their true bestial nature. Due to various reasons, he had no
choice but to become a Witch. She began creating catastrophes and it was
arranged by the Demoness of Pleasure that she would become Prince
Edessak’s mistress. Realizing that she was becoming less and less like
herself and that she was slowly losing herself to the pleasure, she felt
extreme fear and yearned to escape. However, having fallen deeper into
hell, she experienced immense pain and chose to be extreme.
With a thought, the scenes magnified and occupied her entire vision.
Under the light, the lawn outside the window was bright, and the horses
were walking slowly. The holes of the golf course could still be vaguely
seen, and inside the house, there was an antique cabinet blocking the view
from the door.
The past Trissy stood at the edge and looked out, wearing a sapphire ring on
her left hand.
At that time, she wasn’t even a Sequence 5, and she didn’t have the strength
the current her needed to borrow. However, she had a ring from the
Demoness Sect that was closely related to the Primordial Demoness.
This ring was the thing that Trissy wanted to borrow!
All of a sudden, the intricate ring that was inlaid with a sapphire gem
appeared on Trissy’s pinky. And unlike in the past, the present Trissy had
fused with the mark and submitted to the Primordial Demoness. She had
been greatly enhanced as a Sequence 4 demigod.
In other words, even though she wasn’t a robust deity’s descent “vessel,”
she already had the qualifications to be one.
And that sapphire ring allowed her to temporarily grasp a certain amount of
initiative.
Looking at the scenes in the past, the cocoon formed by Trissy’s spider silk
cracked inch by inch. The thick ice crystals silently melted as the wicked
black flames corroded. She raised her left hand, closed her eyes, and smiled
as she placed the sapphire ring between her eyebrows.
The ring melted like metal as it flowed into Trissy’s head in a surreal
manner.
At that moment, the wicked black flames were completely deprived by
Prince Grove as a burning white spear of light shot out.
At the front of the spear, two pure white wings spread out as they embraced
the tip of the spear, like an angel, sealing off the surrounding space, and
preventing the target from escaping.
At that moment, Trissy opened her eyes. They were a deep black color.
Her hair flared up one by one, each becoming as thick as a snake. The outer
layer was slippery and diabolical, with clear black and white eyes
embedded at the ends, or heads that looked like venomous snakes. Their
mouths were slightly open as they flicked their tongues.
The spear that was condensed from pure light stopped in front of Trissy, as
though it was being pressed down by an invisible hand, making it difficult
for it to advance even an inch further.
It quickly turned grayish-white in color, turning from incorporeal to
corporeal, as if it was carved out of stone.
With a whoosh, the spear rapidly plummeted to the edge of the cliff,
shattering into countless tiny pieces.
The grayish-white color around Trissy rapidly spread out in every direction
as if it had a life of its own. Wherever it passed, the stones became hard
while everything else turned to stone.
The various rituals that had been set up in Ruins No. 1 were now tainted
with grayish-white colors, preventing the angels guarding the other secret
mausoleums from discovering the changes and coming over immediately.
Prince Grove was instantly surrounded by a grayish-white aura that
emanated out of the void. With him only being capable of using the crown
of thorns to maintain a small safe zone, there was no way for him to use any
“Prohibition” powers.
Trissy, whose eyes had no borders marking her whites from blacks, didn’t
even look at her opponent. With her snake-like hair blotting out the sky, she
took a step towards the secret mausoleum at the bottom of the dark valley.
Boom!
The ground began to shake violently as a dull thud sounded from deep
within. Red asteroids with fiery tails appeared out of nowhere as they flew
past Demoness Trissy and smashed at the mausoleum.
In an instant, this ruin was inundated with catastrophes.
George III, who was at the critical moment of “His” advancement, sensed
this and immediately felt a strong sense of confusion and anger.
With great difficulty, “He” split off some of “His” strength, and with the
help of the preparations he had put in place, he forcefully distorted the
surrounding area and isolated the dark and solemn secret mausoleum from
the real world, preventing earthquakes and meteors from approaching the
target.
Boom! Boom!
Amidst all kinds of catastrophes, the cliffs crumbled one by one as the ruins
began to collapse. George III’s angry voice sounded from the secret
mausoleum that formed a world of its own:
“Are you mad?”
For a Sequence 4 to forcefully accept the power of a true deity, the only
outcome was death!
Trissy laughed. The skin on her face had been pushed to its limits. Inch by
inch, they crumbled, revealing the blood and flesh that was squirming
wildly underneath.
This extremely terrifying Demoness scoffed and said, “Isn’t the ending of a
lovely story supposed to have all the bad guys die?
“For example, you, or me…”
Before Trissy could finish her sentence, she wore that tragic smile on her
face as the asteroid plummeted into the twisted secret mausoleum in a bid to
destroy it.
…
In another mausoleum, Klein didn’t put on a strong front. He quickly ended
the connection with Sefirah Castle as though he was praying to The Fool for
help.
The commotion from before had nearly caused all the angels present to
stop. Unfortunately, the concealment angel Klein had summoned was a
Historical Void projection. It only continued fighting based on instinct,
turning the situation even more chaotic.
At this moment, William Augustus I’s projection pulled out a silver sword
and pointed ahead before slicing downward.
There was no need for “Him” to say anything else. The chaos in the ruins
came to a stop as the battlefield was divided into different sections.
Hermes faced the beautiful and impassive lady. Abomination Suah
suppressed Reinette Tinekerr; the Historical Void projections of Emperor
Roselle and the Angel of Light surrounded Klein; William I stood at an
isolated spot, ensuring that none of the aftershocks attacked the mausoleum
below.
As expected of the Hand of Order… Klein’s pupils dilated. Without
thinking, he reached his right hand into the inner pocket of his clothes, and
he stretched out his left hand to borrow strength from his past self.
The Death Consul, the Evernight cloister’s matron, and the concealment
angel were figures that exceeded Klein’s own level. Be it summoning or
maintaining “Them,” it was a terrible burden on his spirituality. He had no
choice but to borrow some power from his past self before his spirituality
completely dried up.
This way, he was filled with fake spirituality once more. For the next five
minutes, it was no different from real spirituality.
Then, Klein saw light.
The angel formed from pure light, which also had illusory wings on “His”
back, made the layers of light surge towards him like a tidal wave,
drowning him.
In the bright white sea of light, something suddenly appeared. It rapidly
plummeted and approached the secret mausoleum.
It was a dark-colored book that consisted of goatskin.
Groselle’s Travels!
Using his ability to split into Worms of Spirit, and his enhanced ability to
shapeshift, he shrank into bookmarks made of flesh, embedding themselves
into the book, using it to block the endless light’s purification and melting
effect.
But even so, he was still severely injured because the light still could
illuminate part of his body.
This wasn’t the end. Standing right beneath Groselle’s Travels was Emperor
Roselle, dressed in gorgeous clothes, waiting there with his hands raised.
“…” Without second thoughts, Klein could only activate the first method he
knew of to protect himself:
Hiding in the Historical Void!
Boom!
A loud thunderclap boomed outside the ruin.
It rumbled in the distance in the beginning, but by the end of it, it was
ringing in one’s ears.
Klein, together with the projections in the Historical Void, and all the living
beings in the ruins were awed and turned stiff. Instantly, the “sea of light”
dimmed.
But no, there was a figure that wasn’t affected—the concealment angel of
the Church of Evernight. The beautiful but dull-looking lady took the
opportunity to phase her body, transforming into many symbols that
symbolized concealment and terror. She extended the strange world,
enveloping Hermes, Reinette Tinekerr, Suah’s arm, the Angel of Light, and
William Augustus I within.
Although Klein had summoned a Historical Void projection—a watered-
down version—some essential parts remained!
The chaos that Klein was anticipating was finally here!
As for George III’s other helpers, such as that King of Angels, they were
still in other mausoleums.
The moment the nearly transparent world took form, the angels inside
began to resist.
Amidst the chaos, the strange world easily tore apart.
However, with the remnants of the angel’s power being directed, the lady
rushed out and headed for the secret mausoleum at the bottom.
Boom!
An even louder clap of thunder rang out. Emperor Roselle, who had
attempted to stop them, was once again awed, unable to make any further
attempts.
In an instant, the dark and majestic secret mausoleum was hit. The cracks
on its surface sank deep, causing its dark interior to present itself.
In these rifts, blood appeared out of nowhere. Some were bright red, and
some were dark.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Having restored his human form, Klein held Groselle’s Travels while
collectively launching Air Cannon with his scattered Worms of Spirit.
The mausoleum which was already on the verge of collapse had finally
collapsed, and even more blood gushed out.
…
With the destruction of a mausoleum, George III’s advancement ritual was
no longer stable. “He” lacked the key pillar of support.
If only one mausoleum was under attack, “He” might’ve been able to rely
on his tenuous connection with them to put up a resistance to a certain
degree. But now, “He” had suffered too intense of an attack.
“His” already incorporeal body suddenly boiled, unable to maintain the
“Distortion” outside. The mausoleum that was isolated from reality finally
appeared in front of Trissy.
On Trissy’s tendril-squirming face, the corners of her mouth curled up.
…
Backlund City, Memorial Square.
“My subjects…” The stern and old-fashioned George III with his mustache
was finishing his speech when there was a loud explosion.
His flesh and blood transformed into a flurry of fireworks that sprayed into
the air.