Chapter 289

: Conjecture and Investigation
Audrey, who thought she knew the truth, couldn’t help but imagine the
scene described by Viscount Glaint.
Lanevus lying in the mud in the darkness, covered with rows and rows of
tarot cards. There’s The Fool, Justice, The Hanged Man, The Sun, The
World, and the other Major Arcana cards and numerous numbered cards.
They would either be overturned or facing right up, and there would be
some left unturned, exposing only their backs, as if they were all part of a
large-scale, eerie tarot divination.
This kind of scene must be very shocking!
I wonder where the card for Justice landed…
How would the Beyonders of MI9 and the Church view this matter? Would
they believe that a new secret organization has appeared?
By possessing the godhood of the True Creator, the ploy between Lanevus
and the Aurora Order must definitely be significant. It definitely would’ve
brought a terrible disaster to Backlund and the kingdom. Yet, this ploy was
so easily foiled because of a simple mission Mr. Fool had issued!
This is a tussle at the level of deities?
Mr. Fool and the True Creator are considered archenemies?
It’s no wonder He calls the other party the Fallen Creator…
Many thoughts flashed through Audrey’s mind as her body trembled faintly
and imperceptibly.
“What are you thinking about?” Viscount Glaint, who was sitting opposite,
finally couldn’t hold it in any further as he asked in puzzlement.
Audrey abruptly snapped out of her reverie. Slightly cocking her head, she
smiled and said, “Didn’t you tell me to imagine the scene of the corpse
being covered with tarot cards?”
“Haha.” Glaint awkwardly smiled and sighed. “I wonder which secret
organization’s member killed Lanevus. It really matches how I imagined
such things to be like. It’s so—so cool!”
It’s our Tarot Club! Audrey answered silently as she smiled. “Perhaps
there’s no organization, but the independent act of a powerful Beyonder?”
“Regardless, I like this style! Urge Xio and Fors and ask them when they
can find my Apothecary formula,” Glaint said in excitement.
Audrey widened her eyes slightly. Looking around her, she lowered her
voice and said, “Hush, keep it down.
“How can you talk about potions here?”
Glaint gave an indifferent smile. “Don’t worry. it’s nothing. I had already
confirmed that other than you and me, there’s only a dog.”
The huge golden retriever, Susie, unconsciously shifted her position.
…
North Borough in Backlund. Inside a room beneath the Saint Samuel
Cathedral.
Daly, who was wearing a black hooded robe and make-up with blue
eyeshadow and red blush, gave off a charming yet cold feeling. She
randomly found a seat and picked up the document on the table.
She swept through it before her gaze suddenly froze. Her brows
immediately furrowed, and she suppressed something as she asked,
“Lanevus?
“Why wasn’t I informed of this matter?
“Why didn’t you inform me about the operation last night?”
Sitting at the seat of honor, Crestet Cesimir, who had hidden his chin and
lips back into his propped up collar, said deeply, “I was afraid that you
wouldn’t be able to control your emotions. That would’ve brought
unnecessary danger to the operation, so I didn’t get anyone to inform you.
“I can understand how you feel. A Nighthawk from the Tingen squad is
currently undergoing guidance and training at the Holy Cathedral. He plans
on joining the Red Gloves, and his performance is about equal to yours. But
as the person in charge of the operation, and as a high-ranking deacon of the
Nighthawks, I had to eliminate all unstable elements.”
Daly looked at the other Nighthawk Squad Captains and deacons, and she
sneered.
“Why do you think I won’t be able to control my own emotions? I’m very
calm and I won’t act rashly!
“My anger will only erupt after Lanevus is caught! This is the professional
bearing of a veteran Nighthawk and a deacon!
“If I had caught Lanevus, I would let him know that men can be weak too! I
would make sure that a cold, rotten, yet stiff corpse would be situated
behind his buttocks. I would make sure that a pungent white bone filled
with thorns would be situated in front of him. I’d make it so that those cold
little fellows enter and leave his body wherever they can!
“Damn it! You actually managed to let him die just like that!”
Crestet Cesimir looked at Daly calmly and sighed after silently listening to
her until she was done.
“How long have you been putting up with it?”
Daly froze, then muttered in frustration, like a deflated ball, “For a very
long time…”
Cesimir retracted his gaze and cast them towards the other deacons and
captains.
“Got anything?”
“From our preliminary investigations, the person who killed Lanevus is a
member of the Secret Order, a Sequence 8 of the potion name, Clown. He’s
adept at using paper cards as flying knives.” A deacon reported based on the
findings. “However, we are unable to confirm this guess. The tarot cards
scattered across the corpse don’t seem like they were concealing something.
After all, the Beyonder didn’t deal with the cards on the wall and in
Lanevus’s head. We all believe the final scene was more of a ritual or a
symbolism. Therefore, we suspect that the Beyonder might belong to an
organization we don’t understand. Of course, the scene might also just be a
personal preference of his.”
Cesimir nodded slightly and said, “We can start from that point and proceed
with a follow-up investigation.
“Aiur, any updates on the person who tipped us off?”
The charming middle-aged man, Aiur Harson, flipped the papers in his hand
and said, “We investigated the person and discovered that his actions were
directed by a bounty hunter.
“In the process of looking for the wanted criminal, Lanevus, the balam’s
companion was killed by a member of the Aurora Order. In order to exact
revenge, she secretly carried out an investigation and eventually locked
onto the target at the Workers Alliance Tavern in East Balam Dock. Based
on the target’s actions and lifestyle, she discovered Lanevus.
“Her actions have basically been verified by witnesses. There isn’t anything
strange about it. We also used Beyonder means to confirm that she has no
connection with the person who killed Lanevus.
“She’s in hiding now, and it’s very hard to find her.”
Cesimir added while seemingly in thought, “This fits very well with
Lanevus’s description, that the radical and insane members of the Aurora
Order were helping him out.
“Is there any problem with the reporter who did the interview at the union
that afternoon?”
Another captain of the Nighthawks reported, “He was a fake reporter, and
according to news from the police department, he’s actually a private
detective who had previously helped Mike Joseph of the Daily Observer.
Joseph was investigating the murder of Siber. We suspect that he got some
kind of lead, found the Dock Union and disguised himself to get in touch
with everyone who was suspected of being the killer.
“This guess has already been confirmed by Isengard Stanton.”
Cesimir acknowledged it before switching to ask about other people who
had recently come into contact with Lanevus, but similarly got answers that
there was nothing wrong with them.
Towards the end, he said after some deliberation, “I’m very confused by the
lack of motive for the murder of Lanevus. That mysterious murderer
deserves our attention. You should continue to follow up on this matter.
“In addition, according to common sense, the Aurora Order definitely
wouldn’t only have Beyonders at the Rose Bishop and Shadow Ascetic
level in a big city like Backlund. There should at least be an Oracle, or
perhaps even a Saint.
“Their ploy of receiving the True Creator’s descent has failed. With their
crazy and irrational traits, I’m worried that they’ll launch a series of
retaliatory acts. All of you are to be on high alert in the near future. I’ll also
be staying in Backlund.”
“Yes, Your Grace,” the deacons and captains replied solemnly.
Crestet Cesimir paused for a few seconds before adding, “The events of the
Megose incident in Tingen and last night’s incident with Lanevus have
revealed a problem. The industrial area, the dock area, and East Borough
have become hotbeds for the descent and nurturing of evil gods. You are to
send people to investigate and gather the truth about the situation.
“If it truly is as Lanevus had described, I’ll raise this matter at the Council
of Cardinals, formally exerting pressure on the kingdom and the
government to bring about the corresponding changes as soon as possible.”
…
Klein slept in and didn’t wake up until it was late. However, it still wasn’t
bright enough outside. The area was still shrouded in fog, making it dark
and cold.
This doesn’t fit with my splendid mood… He grumbled. After changing his
clothes and taking his key, he returned to Minsk Street unnoticed.
After changing from his worker’s uniform to casual home attire—a shirt
and sweater—and after confirming that no one came investigating his
identity as a private detective, he was completely at ease. He leisurely went
out to the butcher and grocery store to buy food in preparation for a
sumptuous lunch for himself.
There was some afternoon sun in Backlund, and Klein lazily basked in its
worth, momentarily having no desire to do anything.
He waited until fifteen minutes to three, then he took out his golden pocket
watch for a glance before returning to the bedroom and going above the
gray fog.
After conjuring the fake World and familiarizing himself with its controls,
he sat down on the high back chair at one end of the table and gave a
message to The Sun that he was to prepare for his participation in the
gathering.
At precisely three, according to Backlund time, streaks of crimson light
soared out of the vast and ancient palace, outlining blurry figures which
were equally indistinct.
Audrey directly looked towards the seat of honor and said cheerfully,
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool.
“The ‘simple’ mission you entrusted has been completed.”
She had deliberately emphasized the word “simple” in order to ascertain
from Mr. Fool whether Lanevus had really been eliminated by his adorer.
She wanted to know if the tarot card-covered death scene was a symbol of
the Tarot Club.
Klein deliberately acted composed as he said with a smile, “I’m already
aware.”
After saying that, he sighed.
“In such an age, in such a place like Backlund, in such a place in the East
Borough, the dock area, and the factory district, they’re the hotbeds for an
evil god’s descent.”
What? Alger was stunned for a moment, wondering if there was something
wrong with his ears.
Why would a simple mission involve hotbeds for an evil god’s descent?