Chapter 991

A Ritual Without A “Reply”
After ending the private communication, Klein made The World Gehrman
Sparrow look at Cattleya.
“Please inform Queen Mystic that I wish to meet her to talk about
something. The exact time and location is up to her.”
Queen Mystic? So Ma’am Hermit represents the royals above the Five
Seas… Leonard was first taken aback before he came to a realization.
What’s the matter? Cattleya frowned slightly in a wary manner.
“I will forward her your intentions, but I cannot provide any guarantees
over her agreement.”
“Okay.” The World Gehrman Sparrow nodded simply, indicating that it was
fine.
At this moment, Derrick finally had an opportunity as he asked,
“Everyone…”
He glanced at Mr. Hanged Man and Mr. World before continuing, “The
ritual needed for me to advance to Priest of Light requires pure darkness. I
need to bury my entire body in ice that usually doesn’t melt. In the City of
Silver, such ice isn’t difficult to find. However, how do we create pure but
safe darkness?”
So that’s the Priest of Light’s advancement ritual. Little Sun sure is honest
and simple… Due to her lack of experience and knowledge, Audrey was
unable to provide any substantial suggestions. All she could do was cast her
eyes at the person she believed was capable of resolving the problem: The
World Mr. Gehrman Sparrow.
And at this moment, The World raised his hands to pinch his temples. As
for The Fool Klein, he was rapidly trying to think of a solution.
Sigh, if this were the outside world, pure darkness is extremely easy to
obtain. Ice that normally doesn’t melt would be the most troublesome thing
to obtain, but the City of Silver is the complete opposite… There, darkness
is too dangerous. Just being within it will result in one’s disappearance or
suffering the attacks of strange monsters…
I can get Leonard to provide charms from the Evernight domain, and then I
can stir some of the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog.
Using Little Sun’s prayers, I can provide an area of artificial darkness. But
the problem lies in me being unable to determine if this would bring the
normal danger that the City of Silver encounters. This is not something that
can be answered with divination. When matters do not involve myself, I can
only determine if a matter is dangerous or not, or when matters should be
done. And under such situations, there are too many elements involved, and
the sources of danger are diverse…
Yes, I’ll summon Arrodes later and ask it…
Klein had previously been considering the problem over Little Sun’s
advancement, but he had never been able to find an answer.
Seeing The World silent, Leonard, who had originally wanted to say that
“creating pure darkness is extremely easy” slowly shut his mouth. He began
pondering over The Sun’s words and caught notice of a word that he had
ignored: Safe!
In the Forsaken Land of the Gods, in the City of Silver, darkness is
equivalent to danger? Leonard roughly grasped the key idea, but due to his
lack of understanding, he was unable to provide any suggestions.
Finally, it was Alger who spoke.
He glanced at Derrick and said, “I will help you gather information and
seek out solutions. But in the process, you might need to provide some help
to confirm that it can be done.”
“No problem!” Derrick answered without any hesitation.
Right on the heels of that, he added, “There’s no need to rush it. I still have
about a month before I can finish digesting my Notary potion.”
Alger nodded gently, indicating that this wasn’t something that needed any
reminders.
At this moment, Cattleya deliberated for a moment and said to Derrick,
“Perhaps we can consider this problem from another angle. Your
advancement ritual wouldn’t last too long. We can simply increase the time
you can survive in pure darkness to resolve this matter.
“I remember that you’ve mentioned that after being left in darkness with
zero light, there are two dangers. The first would be the attacks from
strange monsters that come from unknown origins, and the second would be
a baffling instance of disappearance that is akin to evaporating.
“The former situation is easy to resolve. You can make a request to your
Chief for certain Sealed Artifacts, or you can get him to stand guard by your
side. As for the second case, I don’t know enough. You can attempt to ask
your Chief.”
Derrick thought about it carefully and suddenly felt that this was a viable
train of thought with a rather significant chance of success.
He immediately replied in pleasant surprise, “Thank you, Ma’am Hermit.”
The exchange and learning session continued until the gathering slowly
came to an end. Seeing that it was almost done, The Fool Klein rapped
gently on the table’s corner.
“Let’s end it here for today.”
“Your wish is our will!” Audrey and company stood up and bowed
reverently.
After they vanished from above the gray fog, Klein left the area and
returned to the real world.
He first took out his wallet and got the paper crane which was folded by
Will Auceptin. Spreading it across the table, he picked up a pencil and
simply wrote: “There’s something!”
After folding the paper crane and stuffing it under his pillow, Klein got into
bed and genuinely took an afternoon nap.
In his hazy dream, he once again saw the pitch-black plains and the
towering steeple.
Passing through the plains and through the wooden doors, Klein arrived at
the familiar corner.
A black pram came out of the thick shadows as Will Auceptin, wrapped in
silver silk, sucked at his right thumb and derided angrily, “You are getting
more and more impolite!”
Klein laughed dryly and said, “With our relationship, there’s no need for
such pleasantries, right?”
Will Auceptin harrumphed and said, “Speak, what’s the matter?”
“This is the thing; I recently encountered Amon’s avatar,” Klein said
directly.
The baby’s mouth widened a little as though he was about to cry. It took
him great effort to control himself as he said, “I haven’t been born for more
than a month!”
“…There’s nothing I need from you. I only wish to ask you a question,”
Klein quickly added.
Will Auceptin raised his fleshy arm and waved it.
“What is it?”
Klein immediately said with a smile, “Amon’s avatar can steal the destiny
of others and appear while replacing their identities. I wish to know how I
can see through such a terrifying matter.”
Will Auceptin chuckled as he pointed up at the sky with his index finger.
“Pray for help.”
From the looks of it, using the powers of the gray fog can be used to
discover the grafting of destiny… Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he felt
even more certain.
When he thought of the word “using,” he was referring to using his
marionette to pray to The Fool while he entered above the gray fog.
Through the point of light representing his believer, he could survey the
surrounding area to seek out any abnormalities. In a sense, this was
equivalent to The Fool’s observation, an equivalent to an augmented “true
vision.”
But the problem is that I can’t stay above the gray fog to observe for
grafting all the time. It might be the case that, in between two of the
observation periods, Amon could’ve entered Böklund Street and have done
something… Klein thought before asking with some deliberation:
“Anything you would like to remind me of?”
Will Auceptin turned his head away without looking at him as he mumbled,
“You have to visit me and my parents once this week. During high tea…”
“No problem!” Klein agreed without any hesitation.
Only then did the baby turn his head back and giggle.
“Next week, around Wednesday or Thursday, there might be some changes
in your destiny.”
Is that so… Klein nodded in thought as he watched the black pram slowly
retreat into the shadows.
After waking up from his dream, he packed up his items and began setting
up an altar without any rest.
This time, the target of his prayer was the Evernight Goddess “Herself,” and
not Artificial Death. This was to prevent Amon from prying upon the source
of the stirring via the changes in destiny and, thus, noticing something
wrong.
How could the Evernight’s Blessed be praying to Artificial Death?
After setting up the ritual, Klein wiped his face and turned into the cold-
looking Gehrman Sparrow, causing his height to drop a little lower.
After igniting the first two candles in front, Klein made the ordinary candle
representing “himself” burn with a yellow flame. There were two candles in
front. One was a candle made of night vanilla and slumber flower to
represent Evernight, and the other was a candle made up of white chestnut
flowers and wild rose to represent “Concealment.”
Following that, he created a wall of spirituality, dripped Full Moon
Essential Oil, and burned some herbal powder that pleased the goddess. Bit
by bit, he completed the ritual.
Towards the end, Klein took two steps back, activated his Spirit Vision, and
chanted softly, “I pray for the power of the dark night.
“I pray for the power of the mystery.
“I pray for the Goddess’s loving grace.
“…I encountered Blasphemer Amon’s avatar in Backlund. He was
gathering the characteristics of a Marauder pathway demigod…
“…I seek for the blessings of Concealment so as to complete the mission of
eradicating the Blasphemer’s avatars…
“Night vanilla, a herb that belongs to the red moon, please pass my
supplication to the Goddess! “Moon flower, a herb that belongs to the red
moon, please pass my supplication to the Goddess!”
After he was done chanting, Klein patiently waited for a while, but nothing
happened. There wasn’t any reply.
This… The Goddess is in a critical period of gaining control over the Death
pathway’s Uniqueness and is unable to respond beyond anything normal?
Should I try to pray to Artificial Death? After all, if there are the blessings
of Concealment, Amon wouldn’t be able to see it. If it doesn’t, then the
source of stirring destiny wouldn’t point to me… Klein frowned little by
little as he ended the ritual and cleared the altar.
He felt that he needed to find other solutions.
After he finished clearing the desk and turned around, prepared to head for
the reclining chair, a figure suddenly appeared in front of him!
The figure wore a simple linen robe with signs of patching. By the figure’s
waist was a belt made of tree bark. Raven-black hair cascaded down freely
as the figure’s feet didn’t wear any socks or shoes, making them covered in
dust and wounds.
It was a lady. She had extremely normal facial features. Her ghostly black
eyes were no different from the common person, but just looking at her left
Klein feeling a sense of extreme peace and serenity. Even though feelings
of alarm rose up within him, they were unable to overpower the
peacefulness.