Chapter 744

: Sale
I’m no stranger to Mr. Door? Apart from Mr. Fool, the only one I’m no
stranger to will be the seven deities. Furthermore, I’ve only been to the
cathedral of the God of Steam and Machinery… As Fors was feeling
puzzled, she quickly recalled which high-level existence she could have
made contact with.
Since there weren’t many, she quickly eliminated all the other possibilities.
Her eyes lit up as she made the connection with the contents of what Mr.
Fool had originally said to her.
She looked at the end of the bronze table that was enveloped in gray fog.
Her voice trembled as she asked, “Is ‘He’ the one who created those ravings
during the full moon?”
Klein chuckled with a nod.
“That’s right.”
Ravings during the full moon… What’s that? Audrey and company
exchanged looks as though they were ordinary people who had just entered
the mysterious world.
They had never heard of any so-called “full moon ravings.”
As expected, Miss Magician isn’t simple. She actually knows about Mr.
Door, and she’s aware of the corresponding matters. My initial judgment
wasn’t wrong… Although the Beyonder ingredients she needs are relatively
low, there are too many possibilities… Cattleya nodded her head
indiscernibly, planning to ask more about Mr. Door during the free
exchange. She was also willing to pay a certain price for it.
An existence who could be seriously mentioned by Emperor Roselle and
addressed by Mr. Fool in a rather formal manner, had to have many secrets
involved. It was definitely nothing simple!
At that moment, Fors silently exhaled. She felt that she was one step closer
to removing her curse.
At the very least, I now know who’s producing the full moon ravings… She
lowered her gaze and sincerely said to Mr. Fool, “Thank you for your
reminder.”
Klein didn’t speak further, nor did he point out that Mr. Door was suspected
to be the ancestor of the Abraham family, Bethel. After surveying around
the table, he said with a casual tone, “You may begin.”
With that said, he immediately controlled The World to say with a hoarse
voice, “I have two mystical items for sale.”
Two mystical items… Mr. World has recently been able to produce
something of great value at every gathering… He lives up to being Mr.
Fool’s Blessed… Audrey poignantly sighed in amazement as she cast her
eyes towards the other end of the long bronze table. Clearly, she was
looking forward to The World’s explanation of the powers of the item.
Alger was tempted, as he knew that the mystical items The World sold were
definitely up to mark. However, thinking back to his lack of savings, with
the secret to the primitive island already given to him, all he could do was
silently sigh, feeling depressed.
He still had five hours before arriving at Pasu Island, and he was yearning
to immediately fly over and complete his report. Then, he could leave the
area, find an Obninsk to advance to Ocean Songster.
Once he did that, he could explore that primitive island with The World,
obtaining the relevant rewards, so as to ease his financial situation!
As for Derrick, Emlyn, and Fors, although they were somewhat curious
about the mystical item, they lacked the desire to actually purchase it.
One of them could submit an application to the six-member council to
select one mystical item which the City of Silver had for becoming a
Sequence 6. The other wished to receive the rewards from the hunting
competition, and he wasn’t certain what the rewards would be; therefore,
blindly purchasing items made it easy for redundancy and wastage to
happen. Furthermore, he only had the two to three thousand pounds needed
for the reward for clues. As for the last one, she didn’t even have the money
to purchase it.
Cattleya looked at Gehrman Sparrow with piqued interest as she considered
the possible origins of the mystical item.
If it was suitable, without clashing with the two mystical items she had, she
didn’t mind buying it.
Seeing how the two major clients appeared interested, The World gave a
deep chortle.
“One of them is Scales of Luck. It’s what I named it…”
As he spoke, he requested Mr. Fool to conjure the silver necklace that had
an ancient coin dangling from it.
After introducing its mystical effects and negative effects, he glanced at
Audrey and specially gave a warning, “I suggest that Beyonders lacking in
combat strength don’t purchase it. Although it can allow one to avoid a fatal
blow, the subsequent backlash is equally dangerous. One needs to have
sufficient combat strength and sharp reactions to have a chance of surviving
the backlash.”
Thinking back to how she took on more of a support role, one that leaned
towards control and influence, as well as her lack of combat experience,
Audrey nodded with slight disappointment. It was an indication that Mr.
World was right.
Mr. World is pretty nice to me and the Tarot Club members. He’s willing to
give such a warning. This would’ve prevented him from selling it… Audrey
adjusted her understanding of The World.
The Hermit found the description extremely familiar. She had apparently
heard of the effects of the Scales of Luck.
Scenes quickly flashed through her mind before finally being fixed onto a
few particular scenes. Cattleya’s eyes constricted as she blurted out in
surprise, “Senor?”
It’s likely Admiral of Blood Senor’s necklace! It looks similar, and the
effects are identical! Where did Gehrman Sparrow obtain it? What did he
do this time? Did I miss some important news over the past few days while
the Future was out at sea? Cattleya instinctively suspected that The World
had stirred up something massive again!
Klein thought about it and controlled The World to laugh deeply.
“He’s already dead.”
He wasn’t against letting Miss Justice and company realize that Gehrman
Sparrow was equivalent to The World. After all, there were already two
people who knew, and he didn’t plan on using this identity frequently in the
future.
A powerful member who often took action made the rest of the Tarot Club
feel a greater sense of belonging.
He’s already dead… Gehrman Senor killed Senor? In the previous battle, I
only held a slight advantage over him… Cattleya discovered that she was
increasingly unsure of The World’s strength.
Although Admiral of Blood’s bounty was higher than hers, it was mainly
because he did more evil deeds. In terms of her strength and mystical items,
Cattleya was slightly stronger.
It wasn’t as if she had never had any conflict with Senor. She had held the
advantage several times, but she had failed to mortally wound him.
As for Gehrman Sparrow, she believed that he was inferior to her when they
met on the Future. he was even unlikely to defeat Vice Admiral Ailment
Tracy in her optimum state.
Only when this crazy adventurer completed his advancement and hunted
Slaughterer Kircheis did she determine that he truly had the strength of a
pirate admiral and was someone at her level.
However, a week had just passed, and Gehrman Sparrow had completed
another hunt. He had finished off Admiral of Blood Senor who was one of
the top three pirate admirals!
Cattleya knew that she herself was incapable of doing so!
He’s dead? Admiral of Blood Senor is dead? Gehrman Sparrow did it? He’s
killing one Sequence 5 a week? Furthermore, each one of them is stronger
than the last… Even if he’s Mr. Fool’s Blessed, isn’t such strength too
ridiculous? Especially when he hasn’t become a demigod… Was it done
with the help of the other Blessed? The Church should have the relevant
records, but at my present position, I won’t be able to read them… Alger
was secretly alarmed as he automatically began to consider a reasonable
explanation.
Audrey was still in her family castle in East Chester County. All she read
was a few newspapers and magazines that involved the entire nation, so she
wasn’t aware of what happened at sea. However, from Ma’am Hermit’s
tone and words, she could tell that Mr. World had done something
incredible again!
Senor… Mr. Hanged Man had apparently mentioned it before. It’s Admiral
of Blood’s name… Mr. World finished off this pirate admiral and obtained
his mystical item? How amazing. That’s practically what I dreamt of! Back
when I had heard of the Seven Pirate Admirals, I had imagined myself
becoming a powerful Beyonder to adventure out into the sea to capture all
of them and hand them over to the kingdom… So our Tarot Club is already
this powerful!
Hmm, I have to investigate who killed Admiral of Blood. That way, I’ll be
able to figure out Mr. World’s real identity… But would he be unhappy
about that? No, he mentioned it himself, so he’s likely willing to let himself
be known… Audrey thought in glee.
Fors, who needed to read various newspapers to obtain material, instantly
recalled a piece of news that she had recently read:
Admiral of Blood Senor was suspected to have been killed by the crazy
adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow!
C-could it be that Mr. World is the crazy adventurer worth, no—is the crazy
adventurer with a bounty of 50,000 pounds!? Fors felt respect. She began to
believe that he had the ability to help her finish off the Aurora Order Oracle,
the suspected Traveler, Lewis Wien!
Emlyn shared similar feelings as Audrey. This was because he seldom read
minor newspapers. His area of activity didn’t include any information
gathering grounds. As for Derrick, he wasn’t one bit surprised. He had long
confirmed that Mr. World was extremely powerful. Even though Mr.
Hanged Man had once mentioned that Admiral of Blood Senor was very
powerful, he believed that Senor was inferior to Mr. World due to a lack of
any direct impression of him.
Cattleya said after a few seconds of silence, “How much do you plan on
selling it for, or what item would you like to trade it with?
“If the price is suitable, I can consider it.”
Great! There’s finally someone who’s interested! Klein, who was burdened
with immense financial pressure controlled The World to say, “12,000 gold
pounds.”
He was afraid Cattleya would be frightened away by such a price, so he
quickly added, “You can choose to pay a portion with gold coins. That way,
all you will need is 11,000 pounds.”
Klein believed that Admiral of Stars, who had plundered gold-carrying
ships from various nations, definitely had some gold reserves. Even if she
didn’t have much, she could exchange for them from other pirates. This
would allow him to make his first payment to Miss Messenger.
As for fishing up sunken ships, due to the existence of the Church of
Storms, Klein believed that any easily discoverable ships would’ve long
been found by the irascible Storm bros.
Sea King isn’t weaker than Sea God, and there had to be a handful of
people at the level of Sea King inside the Church of Storms!
Cattleya did a silent calculation and said, “4,000 pounds worth of gold
coins and 6,500 pounds in cash. We can close the deal if you are agreeable.”
The money wasn’t easy to raise, even for her, but she had the Moses Ascetic
Order backing her. Spending about 10,000 pounds to obtain the Scales of
Luck was something that no secret organization would object to.
As expected of a pirate admiral… Unfortunately, I have to avoid the Rose
School of Thought, and I can’t clean out Admiral of Blood’s ship… Klein
made The World carefully consider it before saying, “Deal.”