Chapter 1043

Each Having Their Own Plans
Emlyn blinked as he leaned back in his chair. He spoke unhurriedly and
with a hint of a smile, he answered Miss Justice’s question, “What I need to
do is very simple. My role is to ensure that both parties can complete the
collaboration successfully.”
That means you don’t need to participate in the battle, right? Audrey had
originally wanted to press with such questions, but after sizing up The
Moon, she reflected on the words said and said with a faint smile, “Since
that’s the case, there’s only one thing you need to do to ensure your own
safety.”
Makes sense. I can’t affect myself because of this matter. Anyway, there’s
nothing that needs my assistance… I’m not in charge of the risky parts of
the operation. I’ll later rent Leymano’s Travels and spend money to get The
World to record a few pages of Teleport. My safety will basically be
guaranteed… Emlyn thought for a few seconds and said with a nod,
“Excellent suggestion.”
As there were no other members of the Tarot Club participating in the
Sanguine’s hunting operation and wasn’t under their control, the private
min-gathering quickly ended and the participants returned to the real world.
Klein wasn’t in a rush to leave. After his figure disappeared, he appeared in
The Fool’s chair again and beckoned for the Unshadowed Crucifix and the
Marauder pathway mystical item, Broken Finger.
At that moment, the surface of the two grayish-white “tweezers” that
resembled the polishing of finger bones had produced a piece of gravel that
sucked all the light around it, making it look pitch-black. It slowly swirled
and gathered as though it was trying to form a new shape.
As for Broken Finger, the grayish-white color had turned transparent as it
reflected some light, producing tiny holes.
The Unshadowed Crucifix can actually slowly purge the Beyonder
characteristics from mystical items and Sealed Artifacts and let them
combine together. Of course, the premise is that there’s a power similar to
the mysterious space above the gray fog to suppress it, allowing it to
willingly “make contact” with items with Beyonder characteristics… Klein
nodded in satisfaction.
At this moment, the grayish-white Broken Finger suddenly began to belt
out in a fervent voice:
“Oh, my Sun!
“Praise you!
“Praise the Sun!
As the tweezer-like object sang, a cracking sound emitted from it as though
it would shatter into pieces at any moment.
But this did not affect its praise of the Sun.
“…” Klein gaped at the scene, momentarily at a loss for what expression to
show.
After a few seconds, he sighed. He separated the Unshadowed Crucifix and
Broken Finger and threw them to the corner of the junk pile in different
spots. He then suppressed the former using the powers of the gray fog.
Then, he prepared to leave and return to the real world.
At this moment, the point of light, which represented The Fool’s only
believer, emitted ripples of light as the sounds of stacked prayers were
heard.
Klein reined in his thoughts and extended his spirituality over. Immediately,
the scene of Danitz praying in his room surfaced before his eyes as a
corresponding voice echoed in his ears:
“Honorable Mr. Fool, your faithful servant wishes you to pass the following
words to Gehrman Sparrow:
“According to my captain, there are many items at sea that’s rumored to
belong to Vice Admiral Ailment, but without any exception, they’re all fake.
And ever since she was injured after that assault, this pirate admiral has
placed great care in the secrecy of her course and seldom plunders. The last
time her ship appeared was two months ago at Theros Island west of the
Berserk Sea. Later, it cruised into the massive ocean, her whereabouts
unknown.
“The foreign object in Anderson’s stomach is now controlled to some
degree and is separated from his body to a certain extent. It won’t be able to
penetrate his flesh for a very long period of time.
“There are two ways to completely resolve this latent problem. One is to
seek the help of the Sun pathway’s Sequence 4 Unshadowed. However, this
has quite a high possibility of cleansing most of his Beyonder
characteristics. The second is to find the Hunter pathway’s Sequence 4 Iron-
blooded Knight potion formula. Through the help of the ritual and
ingredients, he can directly absorb the foreign object.
“Anderson is inclined toward the latter choice. He’s happy to take the risk.”
It’s obvious that Danitz is forwarding me Vice Admiral Iceberg’s answer by
imitating her style. This isn’t his usual style of speech… However, some of
his terms aren’t precise enough. Could it be that Danitz had secretly
modified it to use terms he understands better? I-is he worried that
Gehrman Sparrow wouldn’t be able to understand? Klein pricked up his
brows and cast his attention back onto the content itself.
Vice Admiral Ailment adhered to the advice from the Demoness Sect and
has hidden in this relatively critical period? If that’s the case, it’s basically
impossible to capture her in a short span of time. In one or two months’
time, perhaps the matter will completely blow up and I wouldn’t have a
need to seek her out…
I’ll first send Danitz to look for her and keep some hope… My focus will be
on finding Demoness Trissy. I have a way to contact her and can consider
using the excuse of working together to deal with Saintess of White
Katarina to make her meet with Gehrman Sparrow. I’ll see if I can control
her and use her to fish out Katarina…
The elimination of Anderson’s latent problem has two solutions, both of
which I can help with. Since he’s inclined toward taking risks by advancing
to absorb the foreign object, I don’t have to worry about using Danitz to
promote the option of leasing the Unshadowed Crucifix to him… That’s
good. At least I don’t have to worry about the crucifix given by Adam
creating some nasty chemical reaction with the foreign object Adam left in
him…
As for the potion formula for Iron-blooded Knight, with how Anderson had
played an important role in luring Ince Zangwill, it’s not like I can’t give it
to him. The foreign object in his stomach is Adam’s payment… Hmm, I
can’t directly bestow it to him since he isn’t a believer of The Fool…
Gehrman Sparrow has no reason to give him something at such a high
level…
Amidst his thoughts, Klein quickly made a decision. He conjured The
World Gehrman Sparrow and made him take on a prayer stance.
In the Fog Sea, on the Golden Dream.
Bang!
The wooden door was pushed open and slammed heavily into the wall.
Amidst this loud commotion, Anderson, who had been flipping the pages of
a book, looked at Danitz, who was standing by the door, with his usual
expression.
“There’s a very good mission for you.” With a cloak draped over his
shoulders, Danitz raised his chin and chuckled.
Anderson sized up the pirate opposite him and tsked.
“You seem to be very smug…
“What’s the mission?”
Danitz glanced at Anderson and said, “Accompany me to Theros Island and
help me seek out Vice Admiral Ailment’s whereabouts.
“In addition, help me gather the Beyonder ingredients needed for Conspirer.
Heh, you’ll have to pay for it.”
Anderson nodded in thought.
“Then, what is the reward?”
The corners of Danitz’s mouth widened as he said in a condescending
manner, “The Iron-blooded Knight’s supplementary ingredient list and the
advancement ritual.”
Anderson didn’t respond. He didn’t say a word as he focused his gaze on
Danitz for nearly ten seconds.
Then, as though he was burning with impatience, he threw away the book in
his hand and stood up. He said with a bright smile, “When do we set off?”
Backlund, East Borough, in a rental apartment that had its curtains drawn.
Trissy, who was dressed in a black dress, packed her luggage, preparing to
head to her next hideout.
Her slightly round face was a little slimmer than before. Apart from her
sweet smile, she had an indescribable, elegant, and beautiful look. Even
though she was in the dirty and chaotic East Borough, she seemed to be
untainted by any dirt.
Trissy didn’t immediately pick up her black suitcase. After looking around,
she walked to the desk and unfolded a piece of paper. She picked up a pen
and wrote:
“Mr. Gehrman Sparrow, I’ve obtained the information I need from that
captain of the royal guards: He is truly loyal to King George III.
“You should understand what this means.
“Next, my goal is to figure out what this king wants. For that, I plan to
oppose the Demoness Sect’s Saintess of White Katarina. She definitely
knows the corresponding secrets.
“She’s a Sequence 3, a Demoness of Unaging. She’s very difficult to kill,
and it’s very difficult to capture her.
“I have to admit that just my strength alone isn’t enough to deal with her. If
you’re interested and confident, we can try cooperating
“You know how to contact me.
“Trissy.”
Putting down the pen, Trissy folded the letter and began setting up the ritual
to summon Gehrman Sparrow’s messenger.
She had only written to the crazy adventurer now because she was worried
that he would lock onto her hiding spot with the help of his messenger, and
then Teleport over, bringing help to launch an assault. Therefore, she waited
until she was about to move before making the attempt.
Although Trissy wasn’t sure what Gehrman Sparrow’s motives were and
couldn’t determine if he would launch a surprise attack on her, out of habit,
she chose the most reliable method for her, just to be safe.
After handing the letter to the messenger, I’ll leave and wait for Gehrman
Sparrow to contact me. I’ll try not to meet him until we begin taking
action… I wonder what faction is hiding behind him. I have to focus on
mobilizing and using him, and not to trust him too much… This is indeed
troublesome, but it’s sufficiently safe… As Trissy thought, she ended what
she was busy with and took two steps back. Looking at the candlelight, she
chanted in ancient Hermes:
“I summon in my name:
“The spirit that wanders about the unfounded, the friendly creature that can
be subordinated, the messenger that belongs to Gehrman Sparrow.”
Just as she finished speaking, the candlelight burgeoned and turned
abnormally pale.
Following that, a figure stepped out of the candlelight and wore a dark and
complicated robe, holding four blonde, red-eyed heads.
The four heads had eight bloodshot eyes that darted around simultaneously
as they cast their gaze at Trissy.
Trissy’s pupils dilated as though she saw something extremely terrifying.