Chapter 1205

A Thousand-Year-Old Trap
Amon!
Blasphemer Amon!
Leonard was no stranger to the person in front of him. Not only had he
faced his avatar, but he had also heard of “His” various deeds and nasty
character from Old Man Pallez Zoroast.
At that moment, Leonard’s thoughts nearly froze as his mind went blank.
Only a small number of thoughts could spin.
Amon’s lips suddenly quivered as “He” muttered a raving that was
completely at the level of a deity.
One voice after another echoed in Leonard’s mind as though it came from
the countless number of Amons:
“Are you pleasantly surprised? Are you shocked?”
“After realizing that I won’t be able to get Sefirah Castle any time soon, I
shifted my focus to Backlund…”
“If it wasn’t to fool all of you, why would I have played such a simple cat-
and-mouse game with him?”
“I think you two should be in contact…”
“He must’ve told you that I’m still tracking him and sabotaging his
operations, that I even set a trap for him at his destinations…”
“That’s just an avatar that’s close to Sequence 1…”
“Ah, right. Pallez, I forgot to tell you that in the later years of the Fourth
Epoch, I pretended to be the ancestor of the Jacob family. I had long
swallowed ‘Him’ in secret. Then, I watched ‘His’ descendants panic. Then,
I thought of a way to add another secret treasure trove to the place where
Tudor became Blood Emperor…”
“I didn’t finish off these fellows, because I had a premonition that this
treasure trove would be very useful. I had an avatar that had been sleeping
there for more than a thousand years, patiently waiting for someone to open
the treasure trove. As for the other avatars, I didn’t synchronize this
information to ‘Them.’ That way, I might be able to create a ruse at some
point in time…”
“Yes, this kind of ‘synchronization’ is something I invented. Pallez, you’re
quite behind the times…”
“In order to confirm your whereabouts, I watched that bunch of fellows
destroy the traps and take the items away. I watched your avatar steal the
characteristic and Sealed Artifact from their hands. I watched ‘Him’
carefully devour and digest it. Now, my patience has finally paid off…”
“I guess you must be thinking of how to stall for time and wait for a deity’s
descent…”
These voices overlapped each other, tearing through Leonard’s thoughts and
hurting his soul. It made his head swell and contract, causing a bunch of
short black hair to grow on his face. It made his ribs and waist bulge as
though it was about to form a new body.
With just the ravings alone, Leonard was close to losing control. He was in
extreme pain and had no means of resisting.
This was the son of the Creator, a King of Angels.
At the same time, 7 Pinster Street changed. At some point in time, pitch-
black stone pillars were erected around them, propping up a majestic
cathedral.
Each column of the cathedral was embedded with the bones of different
races. They were densely packed as they used different eye sockets to stare
at the puny Leonard who stood in the middle as though they were
conducting a trial.
Amon stood in front of the cross that was more than a hundred meters tall in
the depths of the church, smiling as “He” looked at Leonard’s grimacing
face.
“This corpse cathedral is pretty good, isn’t it?
“I just ‘stole’ it not long ago.
“This way, if ‘They’ wish to discover any abnormalities here and do a
deity’s descent, it can stall for at least thirty seconds. That’s enough.”
As “He” spoke, Amon raised “His” hand to pinch the crystal monocle that
had a beaming face underneath it.
Leonard suddenly heard a “gong.” It was ethereal, as though it came from
an infinite distance away.
This caused the ear-piercing ravings that tainted Leonard’s Spirit Body to
come to an abrupt stop as everything around him turned silent.
In Leonard’s eyes, beams of light shot out from his body, condensing into a
pure and pure figure that was like a wingless angel.
The figure was also a hundred meters tall, and its body constantly
coruscated with a faint glow, as though it was announcing the passage of
time.
With that, Leonard’s body was pushed by an invisible force as he flew
towards the door of the corpse cathedral.
On the door, transparent and distorted faces appeared. They sealed the
inside from the outside, isolating it from the spirit world and the astral
world.
Gong!
Another bell rang. The transparent faces filled with pain froze.
Leonard’s figure was no longer obstructed. In this short span of time, he
passed through the main door of the “corpse cathedral” without feeling
anything.
Everything he saw instantly returned to normal. There was still a bit of light
high up in the sky. The gas lamps by the side of the streets were already
emitting light, illuminating 7 Pinster Street.
From the outside, the building was silent, quiet, and dark. There was
nobody around.
Old Man… It was only at this moment that Leonard finally found his train
of thought. His heart tightened as he strode forward and returned to the
house.
However, the door to 7 Pinster Street was so heavy that he couldn’t open it
any time soon.
With this obstruction, Leonard finally regained some of his senses. He
hurriedly retreated as he quickly thought of what he could do to save Old
Man.
After a few steps, he stopped and lowered his head with a solemn
expression. He quickly chanted in Jotun, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to
this era…”
Leonard already knew that the one inside was Amon’s true body. And to
deal with Amon’s true body, he could only seek help from a god!
…
Walking through the darkness with the lantern in hand, Klein entered the
historical fog immediately. Then, he took four steps counterclockwise and
went above the gray fog.
After listening to Leonard’s prayer, the puzzled and nonchalant-looking
Klein instantly sobered up. It was as if he had just woken up from
hibernation and had just climbed out of bed when he was splashed with a
basin of cold water.
Amon’s true body has gone to Backlund… Amon’s true body has found
Leonard and Pallez… Amon stole the corpse cathedral from “His” brother
and used it to delay a divine descent… So it turns out that when “He”
suggested that we play the game of “who will be the first to find Black
Demonic Wolf Kotar,” “He” had never thought of deciding on a winner.
“He” didn’t care what the stakes were either. “His” goal was to draw my
attention and believe that “He” is still pursuing me and trying to steal
Sefirah Castle from me… The trap hidden in the Jacob family’s treasure
trove was planted by Amon for one to two thousand years. It has finally
come into play… Many thoughts flashed through Klein’s mind as he raised
his right hand and summoned an item from the junk pile.
0-61, Box of the Great Old Ones!
This was a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, and it was also from the Apprentice
pathway. It could better utilize the power of Sefirah Castle and produce
better results!
In the face of Amon’s true body, this might bring Pallez some hope.
At the same time, through the prayer light, Klein confirmed that Leonard
hadn’t been possessed by Amon. He immediately instructed in the tone of
Mr. Fool, “Leave the scene and go to an Evernight cathedral.
“Also, pray to Evernight.”
A pinnacle Sequence battle beneath deities was definitely not something
that a Beyonder at Leonard’s level could participate in. Even though Klein
had gained some initial control of Sefirah Castle and held 0-61, he didn’t
have much confidence. He only hoped that he could stall for time until a
deity’s descent happened.
Outside 7 Pinster Street, Leonard heard Mr. Fool’s words echoing in his
ears.
He was stunned for a moment before he looked up at the tightly shut door.
Then, he turned around and used his right knuckle to ruthlessly knock on a
certain tooth.
A series of illusory mud surged out and sprayed onto the top of Leonard’s
head, enveloping him from top to bottom.
Suddenly, Leonard seemed to transform into a mud doll as he kept sinking
to the ground and fusing into the earth.
This was a rare natural spirit he had exchanged from the Hermit of Fate. It
didn’t contain any Beyonder characteristics, and its powers mainly came
from the spirit world.
It allowed Leonard to quickly traverse the soil at a speed far faster than the
steam metro.
As Leonard left the battlefield, Klein had picked up the gem-embedded Box
of the Great Old Ones. He stirred the power of Sefirah Castle and cast his
gaze at the pitch-black church that overlapped with the embedded bones.
The cathedral isolated his “true vision,” preventing him from seeing the
situation inside. He could only determine that the battle had yet to end
through the flashes of light that the stained glass let through.
Use 0-61’s first level’s powers to swap its interior space with the corpse
cathedral? No, isn’t this equivalent to letting Amon enter Sefirah Castle?
Just the first level of the Box of the Great Old Ones cannot imprison
“Him”…
Activate the second level and move the entire 7 Pinster Street somewhere
else? No, it won’t work either. Once we leave Backlund, there won’t be a
timely divine descent. It will be even more dangerous for Pallez Zoroast…
Third level? Opening it might lead to a switch in owners of Sefirah
Castle…
“…”
As his thoughts flashed through his mind, Klein came up with an idea. He
wanted to narrow the target area to a tiny point and exert pressure on it to
crack it!
He wanted to exchange the corpse cathedral’s door and the space in the first
level of the Box of the Great Old Ones using Sefirah Castle, so that the seal
that isolated the spirit world and the astral world would be ineffective.
If that was the case, the deities would realize the situation and accelerate the
speed of a deity’s descent!
At the end of the long, mottled table, Klein sat in his high-back chair and
aimed at the crimson star representing Leonard as he opened the first level
of the Box of the Great Old Ones.
The surging power in Sefirah Castle suddenly calmed down, returning to its
usual concealment as it silently pierced through the crimson star.
In the real world at 7 Pinster Street, the door of the corpse cathedral that
overlapped with ordinary buildings lost its luster. Following that, it became
a light pool with gravel and cobblestone.
The situation inside and outside suddenly cleared up, and it was reflected in
Klein’s eyes.
In front of the cross that was a hundred meters tall, the black-robed, pointed
hat, and a monocled Amon, slowly turned around to the “opened” door.
“He” held a crystal pillar formed from light and shadows in “His” hands.
There were many twelve-ringed Worms of Time swimming rapidly inside.
Everything around them seemed to stop.
Amon raised “His” head and looked up into the sky as the corners of “His”
mouth curled up.