Chapter 774

: Clues
She isn’t dead? She managed to escape? She’s actually trying to seek
revenge for Prince Edessak? At that moment that he saw Trissy, Klein
nearly lost control of his expression.
Although he had guessed it based on the conversation, he still felt it
exceeded his expectations when the truth was placed before him.
Without even the need for a dream divination, he could still recall the Great
Smog of Backlund. Trissy had conversed with him, and back then, she was
eager to escape Prince Edessak’s control and escape the manipulation of her
fate by the hidden person behind the scenes. She felt her daily life was filled
with pain.
This Demoness who was once a man had sold her soul to an evil god to
help avenge Prince Edessak? What kind of crappy trite romance plot point
is this!? The corners of Klein’s lips twitched as he “saw” Walter throw a
bag of food to Trissy. After “hearing” him give a few words of advice, he
turned and left the secluded path.
At this moment, a figure appeared from Member of Parliament Macht’s
house. It was within Klein’s line of sight from where he was standing. It
followed the shadows in the street as it quickly approached the entrance to
the sewer. She was none other than Hazel who held a mystical item from
the Marauder pathway.
She’ll encounter Walter… This isn’t some entrance to the sewers! It’s
clearly the entrance to a bustling city! Klein looked down and nearly
facepalmed.
Upon arriving at the manhole, Hazel warily observed her surroundings for a
few seconds before moving the cover away and climbing down. The entire
process was done in one fell swoop without any signs of delay.
Stepping onto the slightly moist ground, she followed the rusted metal pipes
and the sewage that slowly flowed with a clear destination in mind.
Suddenly, she felt her back turn cold as a chill ran down her spine. Her hair
began to stand on end.
Right on the heels of that, Hazel seemed to plunge into a freezing river, and
she felt a coldness that was overcoming her body.
She was horrified to see herself walking in a different direction, heading
straight for the wall with metal pipes. And this was completely against her
will!
Horror filled Hazel’s mind before she received a reprieve from her numb
thoughts. She infused all her spirituality into the necklace on her neck.
The seven green gems on the necklace were equidistant from each other.
Embedded around them were tiny diamonds. In the absolute darkness, they
still swirled with a faint lustrous glow.
Suddenly, a gem lit up as the green glow illuminated Hazel’s ghastly face.
She leaned against the wall and paused for a moment. She moved her feet
forward in an awkward manner before retracting them.
At that instant, the coldness Hazel felt had paused for a moment.
She didn’t hesitate to use her spirituality to light up another green gem. She
raised her right hand, aimed it at herself, and twisted her wrist.
At the same time, many mysterious symbols and patterns appeared in her
mind as her spirituality and voice changed momentarily.
She had stolen the Beyonder power, Wraith Shriek!
Hazel was just about to open her mouth to shout when she found her hands
losing control again. She forcefully and quickly covered her mouth with her
hands.
Her Shriek turned into a muffle as she took a few brisk steps to the wall.
She turned into another fork before crouching down in the pure darkness.
She tried hard to struggle, but it was useless. She wasn’t even capable of
activating the necklace on her neck.
Hazel’s dark brown eyes widened as they filled with horror and indignation.
Tears began to well in her eyes before slowly streaming down her cheeks.
And at this moment, Walter had come out from another path, returning back
to the sewer entrance before climbing up agilely.
After he sneaked back into 160 Böklund Street, Hazel suddenly regained
control of her body. She felt that the coldness had completely disappeared.
She first raised her hands in surprise, using her night vision to take a glance.
Following that, she looked around in a fluster, as though there were
countless unknown monsters hidden in the darkness of the sewers.
Hazel immediately touched the necklace with her right hand, carefully
stood up, and headed for the entrance.
She didn’t flee in panic, but she instead warily prepared for any attack that
would appear from the darkness.
Finally, she returned to Böklund Street where she saw the black street lamp
emitting its light, illuminating the streets that still had the remnant signs of
rain.
Only then did Hazel speed up her pace and run home. Midway, she
suddenly turned back, nervously and frantically closing the manhole’s
cover.
After doing all of this, she followed the shadows and entered her garden.
With the help of the gas and water pipes, she entered the balcony to her
bedroom.
Only at that point did she really have any room to think. She widened her
eyes and subconsciously looked around. Slowly, her body began to tremble.
She raised her left arm, hoping to use her clothes to wipe her face, but she
paused midway, switching to using a handkerchief from her pocket.
…
Hazel still has the basic abilities needed to react. She’s not a complete
newbie… In the sewers, Senor appeared with his dark red coat and
triangular hat as he spoke silently.
Following that, under Klein’s control, he went invisible again as he entered
the hidden fork where Trissy was.
Just as the Wraith approached, the black-dressed Trissy looked up and
revealed a weak but stubborn smile.
“From the looks of it, you have no ill intentions.
“That lady was quite lucky.”
She had sensed Hazel and discovered the Wraith!
Senor’s figure appeared as he chuckled.
“Perhaps killing her will only bring you greater trouble.”
To be honest, he wished to report Trissy to the authorities because he knew
of the evil deeds she had done. He knew how she had incited the passengers
and crew on the Alfalfa, causing them to kill each other out at sea. He also
knew how she had many innocent lives die ahead of time. However, after
realizing that Trissy was investigating the mystery behind Prince Edessak’s
death, Klein had a new plan in mind. He would incite the Demoness and
cooperate with her on certain matters.
The mystery of Prince Edessak’s death was equivalent to the truth of the
Great Smog of Backlund!
Investigating this matter is bound to be very dangerous. Roping others in
will make me feel guilty, afraid that harm or even death will happen to them
as a result. By getting Trissy to do it, I wouldn’t have such a psychological
burden. The crimes she had committed had long doomed her to hell! The
only problem is that she might be using the investigations of the mystery to
Prince Edessak’s death for her own ploys. I have to be wary about this to
prevent myself from being used, thus causing a disaster… As Klein thought,
he made Senor take two steps forward.
Trissy looked at the middle-aged before her and chuckled.
“Since you have ill intentions, go ahead, Mr. Senor.”
At this instant, the marionette’s senses revealed countless threads floating
and flailing around Trissy. And seated in the middle was her black-dressed
self with a pale face. It resembled a spider in the middle of her web, but it
was filled with temptation and pity that made one approach her.
“You know me?” The marionette halted in his footsteps.
Trissy’s expression was somewhat adrift as she answered in reverie, “I once
spent an unforgettable period of time at sea.”
Back then, you were still a man… Klein lampooned and chuckled.
“Why are you investigating Prince Edessak’s death? Didn’t he commit
suicide?”
Trissy immediately looked up as anger colored her face.
“Suicides can be different. Some people do it willingly; others are forced.”
No way, she really seems to mind Prince Edessak’s death… Lady, have you
forgotten that you were once a man? Have you forgotten the pain you were
previously talking about? Don’t tell me that this is the so-called Stockholm
syndrome where you end up bonding with your captor due to the minute
amount of kindness they’ve provided? Well, I’m not a Spectator, and I can’t
determine if she’s being truthful or not… Klein made Senor chuckle.
“So, you believe that Prince Edessak was forced to commit suicide?
“You sought William Sikes to investigate this matter?”
The angry look on Trissy’s face vanished as a miserable but beautiful smile
appeared.
“That’s right.
“It was he who forced Edessak to commit suicide with a spirituality
obliteration bullet. However, he was also under orders by others. Heh, to
obtain the final bit of pleasure, he revealed everything. Heh heh, he was still
unable to really touch me. I even showed him my former photo. He died
filled with even more misery and despair…”
I can’t imagine what William suffered… Trissy is as twisted as she was
before… Demonesses at the stage of Pleasure are really filled with charms.
Every expression and every action are filled with enticement… But I can tell
that Trissy has already reined it in very well, only using it when needed. She
has already advanced? Or is it because of love? As Klein lampooned, he
made Senor ask, “Who is it?”
When asking that question, Klein hadn’t expected to receive an answer, but
Trissy chuckled and replied, “Viscount Stratford.
“The royal guard captain of the royal family.”