Chapter 207

: Guardian
Dunn sighed.
“I did want to send you away back then since I was going to do something
that involves the secrets of the Church and the Nighthawks. But Kenley’s
death left my mind in chaos. At that moment, all I could think of was a
clumsy excuse, thus, giving you the opportunity to witness what I was
doing.”
“What secret is that?” Klein pressed, now being more at ease.
He had almost forgotten about the threat of the evil god’s son, or the
existence of a legendary creature outside.
Dunn weighed his words and said, “There might be a law in mysticism.
Heh, even though I haven’t read many books, I’m still aware of what a law
means.
“This law is called ‘Law of Beyonder Characteristics Indestructibility.’
“The characteristics of a Beyonder is never destroyed or reduced. It’s only
passed from one carrier to the next.”
Klein’s eyes opened wide. He suddenly came to a realization and asked
thoughtfully, “For example, the Sealed Artifacts, mysterious objects, or a
potion’s main ingredients that are left behind by Beyonders who have lost
control?”
“Correct.” Dunn nodded solemnly. “This isn’t only the case for Beyonders
who lose control; it’s also the same for normal Beyonders after they die.”
“The same…” Klein mulled over Dunn’s description, now having a faint
idea of what the Captain was doing.
He suddenly recalled when the suited clown died. He recalled the blue,
thumb-sized blood sphere that was suspended beside the corpse of the
suited clown. Frye’s explanation had been that there would always be
strange transformations after a Beyonder died.
Dunn continued with his deep gray eyes, “But what’s different about
Beyonders who lose control is that a Beyonder who dies normally won’t
leave behind ingredients or objects. Th-they’re equivalent to a potion, a
potion that corresponds to their Sequences, except that they’re lacking a
certain amount of supplementary ingredients.”
Equivalent to potions… Equivalent to potions! Klein squinted as a flash of
inspiration went through his mind. The endless darkness in his mind was
illuminated in that instant.
He suddenly understood many things, figuring out why the Beyonder
pathways wouldn’t be broken, even if the creatures used as main ingredients
were going extinct.
Apart from using substitutes, one could also simply use the remains of
Beyonders!
That should also be the reason why they only handed out complete potions
at the higher Sequences! Another reason is to prevent the formula from
being revealed to people adept at divination or mediumship rituals… Many
guesses went through Klein’s mind.
Dunn looked at the recreation room and explained in a deep voice, “A few
years ago… Well… I can’t exactly remember just exactly how many years
it was, but I wasn’t the Captain of the Nighthawks back then. I
unexpectedly realized this problem, and after interacting with Daly, who
had just become a Beyonder, I immediately sent a report to the Holy
Cathedral. The Holy Cathedral told me to keep it a secret and gave me two
choices. Heh heh, that’s also the reason why it’s me, and not Daly, who’s
explaining this to you. Whoever exposes this is responsible for it.
“The first choice was to pretend to know nothing, just like a large number
of Nighthawk Captains and Deacons, and allow the Holy Cathedral to
continue dealing with the remains of Beyonders who died through normal
means. The second was for them to give me a unique, simple ritual and the
corresponding techniques. It would allow me to temporarily consume the
items produced by the unique characteristics within a limited period of
time. Well, this is only suitable for Sequences of the same pathway at my
level or lower.
“This would augment my Beyonder characteristics, and I would also
become more powerful. In terms of abilities regarding dreams, my powers
now are not too different from a Sequence 6’s. That’s also the reason why I
dared to deal with Madam Sharon.”
“So that’s why… To think that something like this exists…” Klein slowly
exhaled.
He finally understood why he couldn’t come up with a logical explanation
despite his best efforts. That was because he didn’t have all the relevant
information and was unable to fill in the blanks.
Yes, this does match the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Indestructibility…
Would consuming these characteristics cause a qualitative change in the
Captain by constantly accumulating them? Klein allowed his mind to
wander.
After glancing at him, Dunn let out a bitter smile.
“I chose the second option, but not because I wanted to become more
powerful. If I wanted to become more powerful, quickly digesting a potion
and receiving an advancement is the best and most direct way.”
“Yes,” Klein agreed sincerely. “Consolidating the characteristics of the
potions of the same Sequence will increase the risk of losing control at the
same time as it improves your abilities, right?”
Dunn shook his head solemnly. “No, these are the remains of normal
Beyonders and not Beyonders who have lost control. Well, after I came to
know of the acting method, I realized that it would increase the difficulty of
digesting the potion.”
“Then why do you still continue?” Klein asked in shock.
Dunn placed his hand into his pocket, intending to take out his pipe, only to
find that he had left it in his office.
He shook his head and let out a self-deprecating smile.
“I just said that becoming more powerful isn’t the reason why I consume
their remains.”
Having said that, he paused, his eyes wandering to the blue flicker of the
gas lamp opposite where he was standing.
“They were all my partners… We’ve gone through many things together.
We’ve dealt with monsters in the darkness and insane heretics together.
Some of them have saved me, and I’ve saved quite a number of them. We
walked together in the silent night. We fought together in battles that aren’t
visible to the general public. We faced danger together. We had each other’s
backs.
“I really can’t bear to part with them. I remember the lad, Hitte. He broke
into tears the first time we went on a dangerous mission. I remember
Adelaide, heh—he was Rozanne’s father. He once blocked an evil curse for
me with his arm. I remember the lady, Dwayne, and her warm temperament
which was like the dawn. She would always silently record the things we
encountered. I remember Kenley being someone who knew how to do
many things like play the seven-string guitar, sing, tell stories, even though
he wasn’t tall. He was more like a poet than Leonard… I miss them very
much.
“I hoped to continue fighting with them, to continue dealing with the
monsters in the darkness, to deal with the crazy heretics, to protect Tingen
City with them. Thus, I chose to consume their remains.”
Dunn’s gray eyes seemed to flicker. His reliable and dependable persona
broke down considerably at that moment.
His lips arched upward slightly as he continued, “They’re still with me in
my dreams. Adelaide loves to read, and he often reads at the solarium. He
often tells me to discipline Rozanne and get her to mature faster, to the
point that Rozanne complains about me becoming more and more like her
father and has become scared of me. Hitte is a person who cannot sit still
and has to hunt in the forest every day. Dwayne always stands by the
window of her bedroom and watches us chat. Kenley, who recently joined,
created his own seven-string guitar and sings while strumming it… I really
miss them.”
“Captain…” Klein subconsciously muttered. His eyes became blurred and
watery. He couldn’t help but rub his eyes and curse in his heart. Fuck.
Captain, you’re making me cry…
But I finally understand the reason for the Captain’s slow progress despite
using the “acting method”… Klein let out a silent sigh.
“Unfortunately, Old Neil died after losing control. Otherwise, he would’ve
brought along much joy to us.” Dunn retracted his gaze. He lowered his
head and massaged the bridge of his nose.
A few seconds later, he lifted his head and let out a bitter smile.
“This is a selfish decision.
“I don’t know what the true wishes of Adelaide, Kenley, and the rest were,
and, thus, selfishly made a decision for them.
“I truly am a selfish person.”
“No…” Klein shook his head.
…
On the sofa in the receptionist area, Leonard watched Megose pull out
clumps of her hair as his expression became more and more rigid.
Megose seemed increasingly restless as she constantly picked up the glass
for a mouthful of water. She looked at Leonard with a contorted expression.
“I don’t know why, but I suddenly feel a little unwell.”
Leonard Mitchell was about to reply when he suddenly saw Megose reach
for her face. She clawed out a piece of flesh—a long piece of flesh—a piece
of flesh stained with blood.
“My face is a little itchy.” Megose smiled, a little embarrassed. The edge of
her lips spread to where her cheekbones were, revealing a row of white
teeth and bright red gums.
FUCK! Leonard cursed out silently. He felt that the situation was worsening
way too quickly.
His lips quivering, Leonard turned to listen as his expression immediately
turned steely green.
He forced a smile and apologized to Megose, who was clawing out pieces
of her flesh.
“I need to use the bathroom.”
“Al… right…” Megose’s tone became ethereal.
She rubbed her belly and said, “My… child… is a little restless…”
Leonard didn’t reply. He hastened his footsteps and approached the
partition.
After entering the corridor, Leonard stared deeply at the box of ash in Dunn
Smith’s hands and exhaled in exasperation.
Following that, his expression turned firm.
“Captain, I’m afraid that it’s too late. We have to deal with Megose and her
baby immediately. Otherwise, the whole of Tingen will suffer terrible
losses. This isn’t something that can be avoided just by evacuating the
citizens around us. I know that you’ve already sent such a telegram.”
Dunn knitted his eyebrows and asked, unusually stern, “Are you sure that
the situation has worsened to such an extent?”
“Yes. In no more than three minutes, Megose will undergo a mutation, and
her child will descend upon us,” Leonard said with a certain tone.
At the same time, he glanced at the thick, large blood vessel wrapped
around Klein’s hand and said, “Sealed Artifact 2-105? Let me use it. I can
better utilize its abilities.”
“Alright.” Klein didn’t hesitate to hand the Blood Vessel Thief over to
Leonard.
That was something he intended to do so from the beginning.
At that moment, Dunn tugged at his collar and patted down his
windbreaker. He spoke with a determined tone, “I’ll head out with Saint
Selena’s ashes first. Come out after ten seconds; remember, come out only
after you finish counting to ten. Then, regardless of my condition, direct
your strongest attacks at Megose and her baby without wasting any time.”
With that said, he turned around and walked towards the partition with the
urn of ashes.
“Captain…” Klein let out a shout, his lips dry.
“Captain!” Leonard also shouted.
Dunn stopped and looked back. He had a gentle expression as he said with
his mellow voice, “Don’t worry about me. I’m not alone. Adelaide,
Dwayne, Hitte, and Kenley are all fighting alongside me, no matter what
kind of danger I face.”
He paused for a moment before speaking, his gray eyes gentle.
“There’s no need to be too nervous as well. We’re guarding Tingen City.”
His lips arched upwards, forming his usual smile.
After saying those words, he didn’t stay any longer. He stepped through the
partition, his black windbreaker following behind him.
“Captain!” Klein and Leonard shouted at the same time, their tears falling
uncontrollably, but Dunn didn’t slow down.
We are guardians, but also a bunch of miserable wretches that are
constantly fighting against threats and madness.