Chapter 638

: Poison Expert
While Klein bowed, the purple tint in black-haired Cattleya’s eyes
converged as they seemed to turn into an abyss that could suck up souls.
What already exuded an air of mystery had turned even more obvious.
She saw that the Astral Projection deep inside Gehrman Sparrow’s Ether
Body was pure darkness. In minute areas, there were dark flows with
unending changes.
She saw that Gehrman Sparrow’s left hand was bright and lustrous, but it
was stained with a sanguine color that couldn’t be dispersed.
She saw a blue luster by Gehrman Sparrow’s wrist and a silver flow on his
left pocket. The colors were bright and obvious as though they were
connected to the illusory, stacked spirit world. There was the sound of the
tide and the illusory sounds of wind surrounding the items.
She saw an intermix of green and black lusters by Gehrman Sparrow’s right
pocket, as well as two points of golden, silver, and bronze under his armpit.
At his chest, there was a deep grayish-white like rotting death.
Four mystical items and Beyonder artifacts or spirituality charms in units of
ten… Cattleya’s eyes were a little dazzled as she couldn’t help but close
them for a moment.
She nodded as well.
“Good evening, Mr. Sparrow.”
Even as a powerhouse who was famous across the seas, a senior member of
the seven pirate admirals, she seldom saw people who armed themselves to
the teeth with Beyonder items.
Of course, she had also seen people with more mystical items, Beyonder
artifacts, and spirituality charms, but they had secret organizations backing
them. They typically had several ships and more than a thousand pirates
under them. Many things needed to be turned in, split and shared, as well as
sold in order to maintain and strengthen one’s faction. Few things could be
left in their possession as a result.
However, “few” was relative. They could compare with what Gehrman
Sparrow presently had, but Cattleya had reduced her items to only two after
several trades. They were two items that were sufficiently powerful and
mystical enough to match her identity as a pirate admiral.
Apart from the lusters representing different items, Cattleya’s black eyes,
which were slightly purple, could also tell that Gehrman wasn’t real
enough. He seemed to be hidden behind thick curtains.
Th-this is the reason why he gives me the feeling like he’s not a living
person at the Tarot Club? He has quite a number of secrets. It involves at
least a Sequence 3 saint or an even higher-level angel… Cattleya didn’t
dare take another look as the glow in her eyes were no longer as profound.
Meanwhile, she mocked herself, believing that some of her guesses about
The World and Gehrman Sparrow were somewhat funny.
Involves a Sequence 3 saint or an even higher-leveled angel. Heh heh,
there’s nothing wrong with that, since he’s like me, a member of the Tarot
Club. We’re definitely involved with Mr. Fool, who’s likely a reawakened
ancient god.
After exchanging greetings, Cattleya didn’t engage in further small talk.
She led Klein towards the cabin.
At this moment, the Future, which had been docked, set sail again. A long
contour was drawn on the surface of the sea as it cruised east of the whale
fishing route. With that, the tense atmosphere at the Nas Harbor dispersed.
Gazes from various sailors were cast over. Klein didn’t show any signs of
pressure as he surveyed the area and said with a tone as though he was back
in his own home, “There are fewer people than I expected.”
Cattleya turned her head and glanced at him before answering simply, “East
of the whaling route is very dangerous. Only Ludwell heads there
frequently as though he’s searching for something.
“Apart from the Future, the pirate crew’s other ships wouldn’t join us.
Similarly, a large number of sailors have been placed on the other ships.
Only the minimum number needed to guarantee the successful voyage of
the ship has been maintained.”
A very wise choice… Ludwell. That Admiral Hell Ludwell? Mr. Hanged
Man mentioned him a long time ago. He said that he was beginning to study
Sonia Sea’s eastern end of the navigation… Klein nodded a little without a
word.
This was Gehrman Sparrow’s bearing.
He silently observed his surroundings and realized that the deck, the cabin,
and spars were covered with mysterious and abstract symbols. As a whole,
it looked like a gigantic ritualistic magic ceremony.
It’s like the Golden Dream. It’s a sailboat of mystery, but it’s not at the level
of a ghost ship… Compared to Admiral of Stars and Vice Admiral Iceberg,
Tracy, who has only become a pirate admiral for the past few months,
clearly is considerably more inferior. The Black Death has nothing special
about it… Klein retracted his gaze and followed Cattleya to the cabin’s
entrance.
Waiting here was a man in dungarees and a white shirt. He was in his
thirties and looked strong and fit. He had thick body hair. As for his
forearm, which was exposed outside, it seemed like he was downing a
brown sweater.
He wore a circular hair with a depression in the middle as he revealed a
smile and stretched out his right hand.
“The first mate of the Future, Frank Lee.
“Good evening, Mr. Sparrow.”
Poison Expert Frank Lee who has a bounty of 7,000 pounds… Klein
instantly recognized the man.
Considering how Gehrman Sparrow didn’t have the habit of shaking hands,
he bent his back slightly and said, “Good evening.”
Frank Lee retracted his right hand and glanced at Cattleya. He said while
maintaining his smile, “You seem to know me? That’s right. The picture I
took before is on my arrest warrant.
“Don’t mind the Poison Expert title. I’m a very friendly person, as long as
I’m not facing those darn bastards! My greatest hobby is to study soil and
figure out cross-breeding techniques. Believe me, this is the future of
humanity.”
“But the people from the Church of Mother Earth don’t believe him.”
Cattleya gave Klein an introduction in the most subtle manner.
He’s originally someone from the Church of Mother Earth? Cross-breeding
techniques are good. As long as the quantity rises, it will be able to provide
for more humans, raising the poverty line… Klein looked at Frank Lee, and
he calmly said courteously and truthfully, “This is something
commendable.”
“… You are indeed an adventurer who doesn’t share the viewpoint of the
common man! Excellent! Excellent! There are just too few people like
you!” Frank Lee’s blue eyes revealed a clear look of pleasant surprise. “I’ve
only tried cross-breeding a bull, a cow, and wheat together, allowing calves
to be born like wheat. For that, I was almost sent to court by the Church of
Mother Earth. My benevolent mother, they don’t understand your true will
at all!”
Cross-breeding a bull, a cow, and wheat… You devil… Only then did Klein
realize that his understanding of cross-breeding techniques was different
from what Frank Lee was talking about.
He maintained a stoic expression without providing any further explanation.
Under the lead of Frank Lee, who was reeling in a sudden bout of
enthusiasm, Klein walked through the corridor beside Cattleya.
After stepping on the steps and arriving at a higher level, Klein’s spiritual
perception stirred as he cast his gaze to a shadow beside him.
A figure grew out of the distorted darkness—a thin and tall but pale figure.
His cheeks were nearly transparent, and his nose bridge was disharmonious
and tall. His entire being gave off a sickly feeling.
“This is the second mate of the Future, Heath Doyle,” Frank Lee introduced
with a smile.
Bloodless Heath whose bounty is higher than yours at 7,600 pounds? Klein
quickly matched the face to the correct bounty notice.
Heath nodded as a greeting before receding back into the shadows.
“He’s a Rose Bishop.” When turning around to head for the captain’s cabin,
Frank Lee warmly mentioned Heath Doyle’s situation.
You are telling me your second mate’s Sequence directly? Klein nearly
pricked his brows.
He secretly glanced at Cattleya and discovered her masked exasperation.
“Are you puzzled and worried that he’s a devout believer of the True
Creator, a lunatic who has been tainted? No, haha. He’s a lucky fellow. Due
to an incident, the ordinary him was scattered with the potion concocted
from a Rose Bishop’s Beyonder ingredients. The potion seeped into him, bit
by bit, and he survived the ordeal. Finally, he became quite a special
Beyonder. As he didn’t experience the Listener stage, he wasn’t tainted, nor
did he become a lunatic. As long as he doesn’t proactively use the Beyonder
power, Listen, he remains an ordinary person,” Frank Lee said in a flaunting
tone.
What an enviable fellow. He reached Sequence 6 in one go. Furthermore, he
didn’t turn mentally unstable like the sea serpent, Kalvetua… Klein sighed
silently as he watched Admiral of Stars open the door to the captain’s cabin.
Cattleya pointed inside.
“Your room is diagonally across from here. Frank will send you over. If
there’s anything, you can come to me directly.
“You can have your meals at the dining hall at any time. You can also get
Frank to send someone to bring food to your room. What you choose is
dependent on your preference.”
Admiral of Stars does things in a very clear and direct manner. Yes, she’s a
mature and wise lady… Klein praised inwardly as he replied without a
change in expression, “Okay.”
He took this opportunity to glance at the layout of the captain’s cabin,
discovering that it contained a bookshelf, a full-body mirror, a table, and a
carpet.
She actually reads. Isn’t she unable to digest all the information the Hidden
Sage imbues in her… Klein thought in amusement.
At this moment, having seen their conversation come to an end, Frank Lee
passionately promoted, “Mr. Sparrow, would you like a serving of roasted
potatoes tonight?
“When you chew it, it’s like beef and its taste is like beef, but it’s certainly
potatoes.”
Will I get sick eating that… Klein answered coldly, “I don’t eat supper.”
“Alright then.” Frank Lee drooped his shoulders and was just about to lead
Klein to his room.
Cattleya suddenly thought of something and said, “Mr. Sparrow, you’ve
likely hunted quite a number of enemies and have received several spoils of
war.
“I’m curious about the number of Beyonder characteristics you have left.
Perhaps, they can be used to reduce the remaining price of the trip.”
Klein considered for a moment and answered frankly, “Most of them have
been sold.
“There’s Interrogator, Pugilist, and Lunatic left.”
He didn’t mention the All-Black Eye or the Beyonder characteristic of
Nightmare.
He really is the most famous adventurer during the past few months… Even
after selling most of them, he still has three sets of Beyonder
characteristics… Cattleya sighed inwardly as she pondered.
“I want Pugilist.”
She had a Warrior subordinate from the Gargas Archipelago who had long
made enough contributions to apply for an advancement.