Chapter 719

: Dream Tour
Klein turned his gaze to the forest where light could hardly penetrate
through its denseness, having gained a rough idea of where he was.
This was the Waning Forest which Groselle guarded when he was at the
Giant King’s Court.
The trees in the forest were tens of meters tall, and the thickness of the trees
was the arm span of several giants. However, their barks were mottled with
signs of rot everywhere. The leaves and twigs were mostly withered and
dropping as they interwove with each other like a dark cloud floating in
midair.
Groselle and similar-looking giants guarded the boundary of the forest,
either carrying axes or broadswords, fully concentrating on defending the
area.
According to Groselle, this Waning Forest has the bodies of Giant King
Aurmir’s father and mother buried in it. Apart from this ancient god, no one
else is allowed to step inside, including these guards… Yes, Giant King
Aurmir’s parents should be so-called original giants, the kind that was the
craziest, cruelest, and most ferocious. Perhaps… Eh, why would Groselle
have such a dream? As Klein was in thought, he suddenly sensed
something amiss.
According to his random conversations in Pessote, the present Groselle was
a native giant who had nothing to do with the Giant King’s Court.
Therefore, having such a dream made it appear rather abnormal!
From the Psychology Alchemists’ theory which Ma’am Daly and Miss
Justice have discussed before, perhaps the book world will use or clone the
original character’s subconscious or collective subconscious when creating
a character. Then, it would make minor changes, making the consciousness
fulfill the required settings. Therefore, Groselle’s dream will be influenced
by his subconscious, reproducing life in the Giant King’s Court… if that’s
the case, it can only be said that this book is a cruel author… The moment
Klein thought of this, he suddenly had an idea. He felt that this was an
opportunity for him to gather relevant information on the Giant King’s
Court.
He previously planned on directly learning about such matters through
Groselle. But in order to keep his promise, the Giant Guardian had died in
the battle with King of the North Ulyssan. After his Spirit Body left the
book world, it quickly dissipated without giving him any chance of
communicating. Now, he finally had another method, which was to explore
Groselle’s dream.
There had to be parts of it that were ridiculous or exaggerated, but the
remaining content had to be a true reflection of reality. As long as an
approach of careful study is employed, it’s not impossible to distinguish the
two.
Groselle never entered the Waning Forest, so the scenes inside must stem
from his imagination. There’s no need to explore it… Klein slowly cast his
gaze onto the mountain where the king’s court was.
It wasn’t tall, which meant that the Waning Forest was on a mountain rather
close to the king’s court. It was probably just a straight path from there to
the ancient god’s residence.
Klein didn’t waste time searching as he walked straight to Groselle and
acted like he knew him well. He asked in a relaxed tone, “How should I
return to the king’s court?”
He knew that Groselle was an honest giant, and he would only be more
honest in his dream.
Groselle raised his hand to scratch the back of his head as he looked down
with a confused look. He said with a smile, “Isn’t it simply by taking the
Barren Tunnel?”
He pointed ahead and added, “You’ll see it when you circle around that
boulder.”
“Thank you,” Klein sighed as he said with a bow.
As he watched Klein depart, Groselle scratched the back of his head again,
muttering to himself in confusion, “Who is he? Why do I find him so
familiar…”
After circling a boulder that protruded out the mountain, the scene opened
up before Klein’s eyes. A gigantic cave at least thirty meters tall appeared.
Erected outside the cave was a stone stele. Engraved on it was a single
vertical eye, a high nose, and plush lips. It looked like a giant’s head had
been squeezed in to reveal the frontal facial features.
Just as Klein approached, the mouth on the stele opened.
“Why are you returning to the king’s court ahead of time?”
“By His Majesty’s orders,” Klein said in an unflustered tone. After all, the
intelligence level of all the living beings in this dream was equivalent to the
owner of the dream—Groselle.
The lips on the stele opened and closed as it let out a humming sound.
“Please answer a question; otherwise, you shall not pass.”
… If only I brought along Arrodes, it should be rather fun to see what
happens… Klein lampooned as he calmly nodded.
“Okay.”
The stele’s lips closed for three seconds before opening.
“If your wife, daughter, and a woman you covet ask you to judge which of
them is most beautiful, who would you choose?”
This is completely different from the magic mirror’s style… Klein’s lips
quivered as his mind raced. Using nearly ten seconds, he answered, “My
intelligence is insufficient to determine this matter. I will assign someone
who is more intelligent than me to give the answer.”
How can I answer something that can get me killed? He gritted his teeth as
he added.
“… Who is this more intelligent person?” The giant’s face on the stele froze
for a few seconds.
Klein solemnly answered, “Of course it’s our king.”
The stele was shocked beyond words. It took quite a moment before it said,
“Alright, I’ll consider it as you answering the question. You may pass.”
Klein immediately crossed the strange stele and walked into the cave.
The ground in the cave was paved with large stone panels that had been
weathered. The sides and top of the cave were filled with murals, speaking
of stories of the giants and dragons battling the demonic wolves, mutants,
devils, and phoenixes. The drawing style was crude and the color choice
was dark. However, it was extremely vivid.
Klein walked forward as he observed the murals. He discovered that there
were swaths of withered weeds, as well as all kinds of coarse gravel in
between the stone panels and the bottom of the murals.
And the lack of water and the decline of life became more apparent the
deeper he ventured inside.
After walking for an unknown period of time, Klein saw a huge grayish-
blue open door. Standing on each side of the door was a four-to five-meter-
tall giant.
The giants guarding this place were different from Groselle and the others.
They wore solid and beautiful iron-black armor and firm, exquisite helms.
They looked like two huge statues.
They didn’t stop Klein and allowed him to pass through the door and enter
the hall within.
The hall wasn’t too spacious. The ends of the hall could be seen clearly, and
it could probably only hold five to six giants.
As Klein was observing his environment, he suddenly halted. Then, the hall
seemed to be pulled up by an invisible hand as it quickly rose.
He staggered a little before finding his footing. All he saw were grayish-
black walls flashing by as they kept sweeping downwards.
In about ten seconds, there was a thud as the hall stopped ascending.
At this moment, it wasn’t the cave tunnel outside the door, but a
magnificent palace propped up by stone columns.
Klein briskly left the original hall as he sized up his surroundings with
piqued interest.
This is the Giant King’s Court’s “elevator?” This seems to be the place
where the guards live. Outside is a long table taller than humans, with
extremely large chairs. On the two sides are rooms, and inside them are
neatly ordered beds… Klein swept past the various items in the hall before
he stopped at a mural.
The mural’s main character was a giant dressed in full-body silver armor.
As there was nothing to scale, Klein was unable to know exactly how tall he
was.
The giant stood by the side of a cliff, with a sword in hand pointing
diagonally upwards. His body emitted a bright halo, like a rising sun
illuminating the surroundings.
Many giants were genuflecting around him, as though praying or
worshiping him and awaiting a bestowment.
The giant king’s son, God of Dawn, Badheilbrunn? Klein looked at the face
of the mural’s main character in thought, and he saw that his face was
blocked by a mask. There was only a dawn-like halo coming from his eyes.
It’s very similar to the God of Combat statue in the Backlund underground
ruins. His face is completely hidden behind a mask… Heh, Queen Mystic
said before that the God of Combat is a giant who lived from ancient times.
Therefore, their Church’s headquarters, the Great Twilight Hall, resembled
the Giant King’s Court… Could it be the son of the giant king? God of
Dawn escaped the destruction of the king’s court, and at a certain point in
time, he managed to retake the authority wielded by “His” father? Klein
made a bold guess, but he lacked any evidence or clues.
He used the correspondence principle to look at the wall opposite the mural.
There was also a mural there, but the main character was no longer God of
Dawn, Badheilbrunn. Instead, it was a female giant in a leather vest and
long skirt.
This female giant stood sideways. Her facial contours were soft, and her
single vertical eye was focused beneath her. Long, dark-brown hair reached
all the way to her back.
Her right hand was spread out as she held items like wheat and fruits.
Around her were golden fields, clear lakes, and trees covered with fruits
and colorful mushrooms.
Giant Queen, Goddess of Harvest, Omebella? Klein looked around, but he
didn’t see the mural representing Giant King Aurmir.
There’s no depiction of the ancient god because this is the residence of
remote guards? Then, going out from here will likely be the interior of the
Giant King’s Court… Klein carefully walked to the door. He used the
method he employed in the dream world of the battlefield ruins of the gods
by activating Creeping Hunger and using the strength of a Zombie to open
the door.
However, there wasn’t a palace in the frozen dusk that he had imagined
outside. Instead, it was a gray, hazy world. It appeared to be a cliff with a
bottomless pit.
According to Miss Justice’s previous experience, this is likely the boundary
of the dream. The only way is to head down and enter Groselle’s
subconscious. Finally, I’ll arrive at the sea of collective subconscious…
Miss Justice discovered a mind dragon in the human sea of collective
subconscious where she was. Then, in this book world created by the
Dragon of Imagination, what would be contained in the sea of collective
subconscious? Klein’s mind whirred as he conjured a staircase that led
down into the hazy world.
The staircase didn’t head straight down but spiraled around deep into the
gray haze. The bottom couldn’t be seen, nor were any of the details of the
mind world that were possible to discern.