Chapter 1296

Amateur Astronomer
Eric had become a captain of a Red Gloves team during the later stages of
the war, as well as advancing to Sequence 5 Spirit Warlock.
He had witnessed the deaths of the ex-captain and ex-ex-captain. He knew
that a higher Sequence wasn’t a guarantee that he would be safer. Care and
caution was what mattered.
To the elite Red Gloves of the Nighthawks, this was a concept that almost
everyone believed in. This was because ordinary Nighthawks might only
encounter ordinary problems that looked like supernatural events.
Occasionally, there would be slip-ups, and it was highly likely that they
would rely on their Beyonder powers to turn the situation around. As for
Red Gloves who worked on various important cases, their hidden targets
were definitely rather dangerous.
At that moment, Eric stood on the fourth floor of the apartment on 14 Priya
Street. Facing the tightly-shut dark brown wooden door, he surveyed the
area and said, “Two Nighthawks have already gone missing here. We must
not be careless.”
Initially, several residents of this apartment block reported it to the police.
They claimed that Unit 403 had a stench, and the tenants of Unit 303 often
heard heavy footsteps from above.
The policemen in charge of the area took two days before coming to
investigate. However, they didn’t walk out of Unit 403.
After the police confirmed this, they immediately transferred the case to the
Church of Evernight. However, the two Nighthawks who came to deal with
it also disappeared. The door to Unit 403 remained tightly shut.
Due to this premise, the Church of Evernight’s archbishop of the
Midseashire diocese entrusted the matter to Eric’s team and allowed them to
apply for a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact as support.
“Yes, Captain.” The members of the Red Gloves team either nodded or
spoke in response.
Eric didn’t say anything else as he stood in front of the dark-brown door of
Unit 403 which remained tightly shut. He raised his red-gloved left hand
and knocked on one of his teeth.
A blurry figure suddenly appeared in front of him. As though it had no
substance to it, it passed through the gap in the door and entered Unit 403.
Eric’s expression was unusually focused, as if he was observing the
situation in the room through that blurry figure.
It was a natural spirit that he controlled. It wasn’t especially powerful but it
had special abilities. It usually lived on his left front tooth.
Under the current situation, Eric believed that they shouldn’t barge in
directly. It was best to do reconnaissance first. Even if his team had a good
mix of powers and a powerful Sealed Artifact to help them, they had to be
cautious.
If he could figure out the situation inside and prepare for it in a targeted
fashion, he believed that things would be much easier.
Right at this moment, tiny blood vessels protruded in Eric’s eyes, and some
of them even exploded.
When his vision turned bright red, Eric heard a heavy creak.
The dark-brown door suddenly opened!
There were a total of six figures in the room. Three police officers wore
black-and-white uniforms. They were sitting on high-back chairs, high
stools, and the sofa. Two of them were wearing half top hats, black trench
coats, of which one was standing by the door, and the other was standing
behind the oriel window. His face was pressed to the surface of the glass as
if he was watching the streets downstairs.
There was also a figure sitting on a high stool at the edge of the balcony. In
front of him was an exquisite astronomical telescope.
The skin of the six figures began to swell, as though they had been injected
with gas. Some parts of the body had even cracked and were highly
decomposed, but they still hadn’t dried up. They exuded a bluish-black
glisten as light-yellow liquid with hints of black flowed out.
Sensing the door open, the six figures turned to look at Eric and the others.
The first was the Nighthawk standing in front of the door. The last was the
man wearing a cotton shirt behind the astronomical telescope. He had one
of his eyeballs—its blacks and whites separated clearly—glued to the
telescope’s lens, allowing him to only use his remaining black, empty
socket to scan the Red Gloves team outside.
A faint stench drilled into the noses of Eric and the others as an
indescribable coldness filled the surroundings.
Eric instinctively raised his hand to hit his teeth, releasing more spirits.
Then, he used his Nightmare Beyonder powers to forcefully drag all his
targets into a dream.
However, no matter how he tapped his teeth, he didn’t release his soul. His
Spirit Warlock Beyonder powers seemed to have vanished instantly.
At the same time, a Nightmare in the Red Gloves team also discovered in
surprise that he was unable to pull someone into a dream!
At that moment, apart from the enhancement in their physique brought by
the potion, their Beyonder powers mysteriously vanished.
“Leave this place!” Eric ordered without hesitation.
He had never encountered such a strange situation before. All he could do
was get the team to retreat first before choosing a Sealed Artifact to handle
the situation in a targeted manner.
However, he and his team members didn’t move despite his orders. It was
as though their bodies were no longer taking orders.
Eric instinctively lowered his head and looked at his lower body. His legs
were swollen and his pants were torn.
In addition, he could clearly feel that his skin was decaying, rotting, and
running with pus.
He and his Red Gloves team had yet to truly come into contact with their
target, but they had fallen into a “nightmare” of watching themselves die,
swell, and rot bit by bit with no way to escape.
Right at this moment, Eric’s bloodshot eyes reflected a normal palm. He
held the handle and gently pulled it.
Thud!
The dark-brown door of Unit 403 closed once again, separating Eric and his
Red Gloves team from the creatures in the room.
They instantly regained control over their bodies. However, their legs
seemed to have suffered significant injuries. It was a little difficult to move
them, be it raising their feet or bending their knees.
Eric didn’t bother checking on his injuries. He quickly cast his gaze on the
palm that closed the door, and its owner.
It was a young man wearing an ancient hat and a long black robe. His facial
features were ordinary, making it impossible for one to have a deep
impression of him. It was a face that one forgot in seconds.
“I sincerely advise you to return now and leave the matter to the archbishop
or high-ranking deacons to handle. Of course, you have another choice.
That is to ask me to grant a wish. I’m a wandering magician named Merlin
Hermes. My specialty is granting the wishes of others.” Klein spared no
effort in enticing others to make a wish.
When he saw the rotting face on the oriel window earlier, he suddenly had
an ominous feeling, so he specially came over to confirm what had
happened.
Grant wishes… Eric recalled the education he had received during his
training in the Holy Cathedral:
A High-Sequence Beyonder might be in a state of being imprisoned or
sealed. They will pretend to be mystical items that can grant wishes, and
they will entice you into helping them escape. The corresponding examples
include: granting three wishes and wishing pools…
Is this a High-Sequence Beyonder? But he doesn’t look like he’s
imprisoned or sealed… Eric looked left and right and deliberated for a few
seconds before probing,
“If we don’t ask you to grant us our wishes, will you not resolve the
abnormality in the room?”
As soon as he finished speaking, he saw the wandering magician who called
himself Merlin Hermes fall deep in thought, looking a little troubled.
A few seconds later, Klein raised his hand to stroke his tall top hat. He
smiled and sighed.
“Even if you don’t make the wish, I will still attempt to resolve it.”
“…Do I need to read your honorific name or your true name to have my
wish granted?” Eric asked after exchanging glances with his team members.
Klein shook his head.
“No, just tell me your wish.”
This wouldn’t create a mysticism connection… Eric probed in a joking
tone, “Then I wish the abnormalities in this room will be resolved and will
no longer affect the surroundings.”
Klein curled his smile and gently clapped his hands.
“Your wish will come true.”
Without waiting for Eric to respond, he smiled and said, “The abnormalities
inside can suppress Beyonder characteristics, causing the corresponding
powers to be ineffective, but that isn’t absolute.
“Typically in such cases, my suggestion is…”
As he spoke, Klein reached out with his left hand and took out an eyeball-
shaped glass ball. He then twisted the handle with his right hand, opening
the door a little.
Then, through a crack, he threw the glass ball into Unit 403.
As the glass ball flew, it constantly absorbed the surrounding light and gave
off a brilliant, pure, extreme sunlight that resembled a miniature sun.
The next second, Klein closed the door with his right palm, lest Eric and
company’s eyes couldn’t take it.
“My suggestion is to use a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact in the Sun domain to
purify the entire area.” While saying that, Klein recalled the Mutated Sun
Sacred Emblem behind Tingen City’s Chanis Gate. Although it was only a
Grade 3 Sealed Artifact, it could still deal with the rotting creatures inside
given enough time.
Just as Eric was about to say that they had brought a similar Sealed Artifact,
but just didn’t have the chance to use it, he saw Mr. Merlin Hermes open
the door to Unit 403.
The six figures inside had vanished into thin air, and the different Beyonder
characteristics were slowly condensing. The originally cold and sinister
stench had been completely melted by the warm feeling.
“It’s been resolved?” Eric asked after some hesitation.
Klein shook his head with a smile.
“No, the root of the problem is still here.
“Have you investigated the owner of this place?”
Eric replied immediately, “He calls himself John, an amateur astronomer.
He likes to study the cosmos using specialized telescopes at night.”
Studying the cosmos… Klein walked into the room without batting an
eyelid, and he casually instructed:
“Search the area and find any possible clues.”
For some reason, Eric suddenly felt that Mr. Merlin Hermes was the captain
from back when he first joined the Nighthawks. He was professional, calm,
and trustworthy.
He nodded at his team members, signaling them to follow his instructions.
As for him, he continued following Klein. It was both to provide him help,
and also for necessary precautions.
Klein ignored him as he swept his gaze and approached the exquisite
astronomical telescope. Then, he bent down and drew his eyes towards the
lens.
This might be dangerous… Eric had planned to warn him, but he fell silent
when he thought about how high the other party’s level and status
expressed.
At that moment, through the telescope, Klein saw a resplendent, dream-like
dark night sky. Every star there was blinking slightly.
Suddenly, his vision was occupied by a huge eye.
The eye seemed to be directly attached to the lens on the other end of the
telescope. It was grayish-white with a pale-yellow iris. Veins swelled
outwards and seeped out disgusting translucent pus.