Chapter 1270

“Visiting“
On the ship, Sea God, the members of the City of Silver, like Liaval,
Candice, and other City of Silver scouts, were seated on chairs that didn’t
suit their size. They watched the “dwarfs” around them warily.
Of course, they knew that these were normal humans. After all, they all
knew that their exaggerated heights were brought about by potions, but they
still felt that the people on the ship were too short, including Lord Danitz,
who called himself an oracle. After all, in the City of Silver, other than
children, the residents who had yet to reach Sequence 6 had an average
height exceeding 1.8 meters. Among them, there were no lack of Sequence
9 Beyonders who were more than two meters tall.
The slight sway of the boat made the “half-giants” feel somewhat
uncomfortable, but their strong physique helped them quickly overcome
this influence. And the contrast between the sea and the lone boat beyond
the window made them unable to contain their unease, fear, and anxiety. It
was like the first time they participated in an expedition. The surroundings
seemed to have monsters lurking in the darkness that could attack them at
any moment.
At that moment, Danitz entered the room that had been transformed into a
dining mess. He smiled at the tall, wary, cautious, strangely-dressed people
who sat stiffly and said, “Your food is ready. Next, you can enjoy your food
as you please.
“By the way, don’t forget what I told you just now. These waters are very
dangerous.
“There’s no need to get up. You can stay in your seats.”
When Danitz saw that the young Elder who introduced himself as Derrick,
and the other “half-giants” wished to get up and speak to him in the most
polite manner, he hurriedly lowered his hands and stopped their uncivilized
behavior.
If I was as tall as them, I would’ve already begun mocking the people
around me… Danitz muttered as he clapped his hands, signaling the crew to
send the food in.
A strong fragrance immediately drilled into the noses of Derrick and the
other residents of the City of Silver. It was the scent that they were familiar
with when roasting meat-type mushrooms, but there was an additional
indescribable smell. It was rather strange and slightly stimulating.
The smell was so alluring that Liaval, Candice, and the rest began to have
saliva secrete from their mouths as their stomachs churned to attention.
“Desi-style roasted meat,” Danitz said as he pointed at a crew member who
walked in.
He held a large steel plate that had a piece of roasted golden-brown piece of
meat that glistened with oil. Evenly spread across its surface were fennel,
basil, and other spices.
“Steak, pan-fried fish, white bread, seafood soup, and light beer…” Danitz
introduced each and every dish, smiling when he was done. “Don’t worry
about anything. Feel free to indulge. We have plenty of food reserves.”
With that said, he glanced at the “half-giants” who seemed eager to stand
up. Then, he left the room chuckling.
The short-haired Candice retracted her gaze from the food with great
difficulty and swallowed her saliva.
“Elder Derrick, what do we do now?”
Although Derrick believed that Mr. Fool’s Oracle wouldn’t harm them, he
habitually gave a very cautious opinion.
“Split into two groups. One group is to wait for their turn to eat. One team
is to eat now.”
“Alright, Elder Derrick.” Candice suddenly stood up. “I apply to join the
food-tasting team!”
A group of ten people quickly formed. At the same time, Liaval and
Candice walked to the long table near the wall, and they took a portion of
what they found the most tempting, the so-called Desi roasted meat.
After taking a bite, the rich juices, the fragrance and pure meat mixed in the
texture formed a complex and unique experience in their mouths. They
could only chew twice before swallowing the food ravenously into their
stomachs so as to take a second bite.
This was many times more delicious than the meat-type mushrooms they
had eaten previously.
Unknowingly, the ten residents of the City of Silver were already eating
with tears in their eyes, their vision blurred.
On the deck, Danitz looked at the safe sea route in the ruins of the battle of
gods. He considered how to settle the problems of Mr. Fool’s flock.
Suddenly, a sailor ran over and panted.
“Lord Oracle, they’ve already finished eating. They want seconds!”
…Where did these guys come from? Danitz was taken aback.
“Prepare another set for them.”
Seeing that the sailor was about to turn around, Danitz quickly added,
“From tomorrow onwards, the crew is to begin fishing!”
…
In the Sonia Sea, on an uninhabited island.
Klein had gotten used to his current state, and he restrained his spirituality.
He planned on “Teleporting” back to Backlund and summoning the magic
mirror, Arrodes, to ask some questions.
He wasn’t in a hurry to extract the residents of Moon City to the outside
world. He planned on waiting for Danitz to settle down the City of Silver’s
vanguard unit. With sufficient experience, he could turn his attention to this
matter. After all, the path to leaving the Forsaken Land of the Gods had
been opened. He could use the method of responding to prayers, and rely on
the power of the Staff of the Stars to move all of Moon City out.
Of course, if the door closed once again, Klein also had a solution. He
would first transfer the residents of Moon City to the Giant King’s
residence and let them open the door themselves. Without the first
Blasphemy Slate and the Dark Angel evil spirit, ordinary Beyonders would
be able to open the door.
As for whether the True Creator would interfere or stop him, Klein didn’t
consider it. This was because the Sequence 0 true god was capable of doing
so now. He wasn’t able to stop “Him” even if he was disagreeable to it.
In addition, Klein believed that the focus of the True Creator wasn’t placed
on this matter. “His” most pressing concern was to capture Amon and
retrieve the first Blasphemy Slate.
Strictly speaking, this is a family drama… Klein lampooned inwardly. He
grabbed Creeping Hunger from the air, and he wore the Sealed Artifact that
had accompanied him for a long time on his left palm.
His body quickly turned transparent and disappeared.
In the saturated and stacked spirit world, Klein rapidly moved through the
indescribable figures as he approached the coordinates that represented
Backlund.
Suddenly, he came to a stop and stood in the chaotic void, looking at the
seven pure lights that occupied the highest spot in the spirit world.
Previously, due to my low Sequence, I didn’t dare wander the spirit world.
Nor did I attempt to visit the Seven Lights that had shown their kindness
towards me. Now, it seems it’s time we meet… They’re the embodiments of
all kinds of knowledge, and they’ve lived in the spirit world for countless
years. They might know quite a bit of secrets… Just as Klein finished his
thoughts, a light suddenly appeared in front of him. An elder in an orange
robe appeared.
This old man was plump and had a short white beard. He looked very
amiable.
He looked at Klein and nodded with a smile.
“Your Excellency, please allow me to introduce myself. You should
remember me. I am Orange Light Hilarion.”
The last time I saw you, you were very thin… As Klein lampooned, he
asked with a smile, “You seem to have predicted that I would visit you?”
Hilarion didn’t hide anything as he smiled frankly.
“The spirit world itself is interwoven with all sorts of information. Some
come from the past, some come from the present, and some indicate a
certain future. Whether it’s divination or prophecy, most of the methods are
actually using the spirit world, followed by the prying into the secrets of
fate.”
What Orange Light meant was that since Klein was in the spirit world and
had the intention of visiting, and was prepared to take action to do so, there
would definitely be a corresponding exchange of information. This allowed
the Seven Lights who controlled the spirit world to a certain extent to sense
it and make a prophecy.
Klein wasn’t surprised at all. He nodded slightly and said, “Other than you,
who else wants to meet me?”
He had originally planned on using honorifics, but considering the Seven
Light’s attitude and the way Orange Light addressed him, he gave up on
this plan, so as to maintain the status of the proxy to Sefirah Castle.
Orange Light Hilarion immediately smiled and said, “All of them. Your
Excellency, you don’t mind, do you?”
Klein shook his head and replied politely, “Of course. It will be my honor.”
As soon as he finished speaking, different colors of light rose up around
Hilarion, transforming into different old men.
“Your Excellency, please allow me to do the introductions.” When Orange
Light saw Klein nod, he pointed at an elder in a red robe and said, “He is
Red Light Aiur Moria.”
The one who previously answered my question… Klein immediately smiled
and showed his gratitude and friendliness.
In turn, Hilarion introduced Yellow Light Venithan, Blue Light Kuthumi,
Green Light Serapis, Indigo Light Iesus, and Violet Light Saint Germain.
Yellow Light Venithan… Is this the one who made an apocalyptic prophecy
regarding the Abrahams’ ancestor? Klein looked at the thin, long-bearded
elder in a lemon-yellow robe and said with a smile, “Let’s sit down and
have a chat.”
As he spoke, he raised his right hand.
Dark red flames lit up in the surrounding area. It came from a fireplace
burning high-quality charcoal.
These flames immediately lit up a reclining chair, a grayish-yellow carpet,
cupboards, sofas, coffee tables, cast sculptures, white porcelain teacups, and
other items, forming a classic Backlund-styled activity room.
“Please take a seat.” Klein faced the Seven Lights as he smiled and pointed
at the sofa and high-back chairs.
After the Seven Lights settled down, Klein sat on the reclining chair, picked
up a teacup, and said in a natural tone, “To be honest, I’ve always wanted to
pay a visit to all seven of you, but I couldn’t find a chance. Now, I’ve
finally fulfilled this wish.”
“This has also been our wish.” Orange Light seemed to be the brightest and
most outgoing person among the Seven Lights. He immediately responded
on behalf of all his companions.
Eh, I have the feeling that I’ve fulfilled someone’s wish… Klein was
delighted as he probed, “Might I ask what do you know about the cosmos,
or should I say, the Great Old Ones and Outer Deities?”
Indigo Light Iesus, who wore a linen robe and looked relatively young,
answered seriously, “Your Excellency, the Great Old Ones eyeing our world
are Mother Goddess of Depravity, Mother Tree of Desire, Son of Chaos,
Primordial Hunger, Ring of Comeuppance, Supernova Dominator,
Inextinguishable Ravings, Monarch of Decay, and High-Dimensional
Overseer…”
…Isn’t that a little too many? Klein was a little stunned when he heard that.