Chapter 591

: Making Good Use of Things
Klein’s memories of the paper crane were still fresh on his mind. Back then,
Will Auceptin had used this item to locate Dr. Aaron’s Astral Projection and
injected information into him while he was dreaming of the spirit world in
his dreams. It created a revelation that evolved into a specific dream.
Klein later exchanged a paper crane, he had folded himself, for Will
Auceptin’s and had gone above the gray fog to make a divination. He failed
to gain any effective conclusions until Dr. Aaron’s wife got pregnant. By
calculating the time and from his understanding of the situation between a
Sequence 1 and Sequence 0, he guessed that Will Auceptin was performing
a cyclic restart, and he guessed that Will was in an intense battle with
another Snake of Fate for the position of Sequence 0. And the nightmare
that came with the paper crane was only an auxiliary outcome. Its true
purpose was to help Will Auceptin secretly become a fetus.
What was most humorous about this matter was that the paper crane, that
Klein had folded, had ended up being treated as the original from Will
Auceptin, and the Nighthawks had used even cruder means to replicate one
to swap them.
Will Auceptin’s paper crane had always been above the gray fog after I had
thrown it up there. I nearly forgot about it… Performing divination on it can
only gain an extremely vague revelation. If there weren’t any other
developments, it would be hard to infer that the child conceived by Dr.
Aaron’s wife was Will Arrodes. On the contrary, Will Arrodes can use it to
locate it in the spirit world, just like how Arrodes can rely on the gray fog’s
aura to connect to the radio transceiver via the spirit world…
Eh, there seems to be some possibility for this matter… Klein suddenly sat
straight and had an extremely creative idea.
He wanted to use the paper crane to communicate with Will Auceptin in a
dream!
This might not be of any use to me, the present me. There might even be
certain hidden dangers, but if Will Auceptin is really the Snake of Fate from
the Life School of Thought, my act of providing him with intelligence will
definitely win me a favorable impression… Towards an existence at the
level of a King of Angels, it’s necessary to make investments ahead of time.
If I wait until he’s really born, I might be repaid dozens of times over. Since
I won’t die from trying, uh—I can still revive if I die… Although Klein had
such a thought, he was in fact very cautious. He planned on divining the
danger above the gray fog before deciding on executing his plan.
After busying himself and confirming that the danger involved was
acceptable, he used a ritual to bring back the paper crane from above the
gray fog into the real world.
Perhaps it was because it came from a Sequence 1 Snake of Fate, the paper
crane didn’t exhibit any peculiarities from its prolonged stay above the gray
fog. It remained ordinary.
I hope the aura above the gray fog didn’t neutralize its uniqueness;
otherwise, Will Auceptin won’t be able to locate it. Hmm, the Sequence
before Snake of Fate is Soothsayer. Would this matter already be within
Will Auceptin’s expectations?
The reason why he chose Dr. Aaron is because he’s my friend. And by
doing so, he can establish a connection with me? Am I being too
narcissistic…
However, this question is worth suspecting. After Will Auceptin used the
paper crane to locate Dr. Aaron, he could’ve directly “reincarnated,” so why
did he repeatedly make him have nightmares? Furthermore, the dream also
indicated the struggle between the Snakes of Fate. To an ordinary person,
they would neither understand it or play a meaningful role in this matter.
Isn’t this like using a gaze to entice a blind person?
Will Auceptin created the dream for me?
Klein frowned slightly and had certain guesses.
He suppressed his puzzlement and picked up a fountain pen. As he filled it
with ink, he considered a sentence to leave on the paper crane to garner Will
Auceptin’s attention.
What should I write? Klein recalled what Arrodes had informed him about
the situation with the Life School of Thought, and he felt that there was one
line that could encompass everything while feeling extremely fresh and
filled with emotions.
That line was: “Your home blew up!”
This sentence is overly crude and direct while lacking manners. Besides,
Will Auceptin might not be the president of the Life School of Thought…
Klein deliberated and slightly spread open the paper crane. On the different
surfaces, he wrote different words that formed a very short sentence: “Roy
King has been captured.”
After doing all of this, Klein put down the fountain pen and placed the
paper crane into his wallet, just like Dr. Aaron had done before.
…
In the periphery of the Rorsted sea, on a gigantic fog-covered island far
from the main sea routes.
Amidst a shrill cry, a blue bird of prey that resembled a shadow had
plummeted from the sky and crashed heavily into the ground. It sent soil
scattering as its blood splattered.
Alger Wilson remained cautious. He stood far away and raised his left hand
which had an iron-black ring on his thumb. He pointed it at the terrifying
Beyonder creature known as a Blue Shadow Falcon.
On the tip of the ring was a spike-like protrusion. It was tainted with old
blood, looking ancient and sinister.
This was the mystical item he had bought from an Artisan, using Steel
Maveti’s bounty. He publicly claimed that it cost him 5,200 pounds despite
it actually only costing 3,100 pounds.
The ring’s name was “Whip of Mind.” It could deliver irresistible intense
mental damage to an enemy. Apart from that, it could strengthen Alger’s
mastery of various weapons; therefore, it wasn’t actually very expensive.
Back then, the Artisan and his friend had two mystical items. One was the
“Whip of Mind” and the other was the “Ring of Witchcraft.” The latter had
more abilities and high adaptability while costing almost the same as the
former. It was a better choice, but after serious consideration, Alger still
chose the Whip of Mind. He believed that without such an item, his hunting
of the Blue Shadow Falcon would be several times more difficult. This was
because it was a Beyonder creature that could fly. And reality had proven
that his judgment was right.
For this, Alger was willing to experience a constant headache, a nagging
feeling that made him want to slam his head into a wall.
After waiting for several minutes, he saw points of light float up from the
Blue Shadow Falcon. Six crystalline feathers condensed around its wing as
Alger heaved a sigh of relief and walked over.
He had a flaxen cloth tied around his forehead, and embedded inside it was
a blood-red gem that emitted a light that resembled the moonlight.
This was meant to be the Vampire Baron inheritance for Emlyn White, but
Alger wasn’t in a hurry to complete the transaction after obtaining it.
Instead, he used the characteristic, which he could use to a certain extent, to
add insurance to his hunt for the Blue Shadow Falcon.
At times, being a middleman is rather nice… Alger put away the six
crystalline feathers as he sighed silently.
He straightened his body and looked towards the towering mountain peak
and dense forest around it on the primitive island. He felt that many
indescribable dangers lurked there.
My strength is insufficient to explore the area… Alger retracted his gaze
and walked towards the island’s periphery, constantly wary for any
“predators” around him.
Soon, he jumped into the sea, and with his powers as a Seafarer, he easily
swam into the distance. His ghost ship was anchored there, and his sailors
were still sleeping thanks to the Sanguine’s anesthetic gas.
To come to this primitive island, the ship had to steer away from the main
sea routes. In a situation where sea monsters lurked while the storms
lingered, navigating would take at least six hours, with the danger of
sinking at any moment. Only a Seafarer who was familiar with the route
could bring the ship close.
…
Deep into the night, Klein, who had rested an entire day, put down his
newspapers and burrowed into bed.
Just as he was about to fall asleep, he suddenly thought of a problem.
Now that Danitz has returned to the Golden Dream, would it be a waste for
me to stay in a large suite alone? Klein nodded indiscernibly and decided to
check out at daybreak and switch to another inn.
After making up his mind, he quickly fell asleep. Suddenly, his mind
became clear from its prior haziness.
He knew that some force had intruded into his dream!
I’m very impressive to be able to sense the dream intrusion of a Snake of
Fate. No—the gray fog is very impressive… Klein surveyed his
surroundings and discovered that he was located in a pitch-black desolate
plain. Not far away was a black steeple.
This was a scene he had formerly seen in Dr. Aaron’s dream, but at this
moment, there wasn’t a mysterious silver giant snake on the steeple.
Klein nodded in thought as he sped up his pace and entered the pitch-black
steeple. It remained ancient and decadent. The layout was chaotic, with the
staircase occasionally spiraling upwards and dropping downwards
diagonally at times. Some of the rooms were normal; others were upside
down, and there were others that were embedded into other parts.
Passing through, door after door and wall after wall, Klein once again
arrived deep inside the black tower.
There were tarot cards scattered around here as they clustered towards the
ground in the middle which was slightly protruded.
There was a line of silver words and a portrait.
The portrait was that of the chubby Apothecary, and the silver words
formed the sentence: “Inform Darkwill.”
So the chubby Apothecary’s name is Darkwill… Will Auceptin really is the
Snake of Fate from the Life School of Thought. And I really can use the
paper crane to communicate with him in a dream… Klein waited for a
moment, and seeing that there weren’t any other revelations, he exited the
dream and fell asleep again.
…
After daybreak, Klein asked if there weren’t any additional charges for
checking out at noon, he then put on his top hat and rode a carriage to the
Red Theater’s entrance.
This famous brothel was in its quietest period of the day, it was like it was a
ghost house.
Klein glanced at it before walking diagonally across to the alley and
arriving outside Darkwill’s folk herb store.
He suddenly sensed something as he looked up at the roof, and he saw a fat
owl perched there, looking at him.
The chubby Apothecary was apparently attempting to tame a Beyonder
animal before… Klein retracted his gaze in thought as he knocked on the
door.
Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump!
After waiting for a while, he saw Darkwill open the door with his eyes
hardly open.
“… You aren’t sick,” Darkwill said after observing him.
Klein maintained Gehrman Sparrow’s cold expression and politely widened
the corners of his mouth.
“Good morning, Mr. Apothecary.
“I’ve found your teacher.”
“For real?” Darkwill asked in disbelief. “You just received the mission the
day before yesterday…”