Chapter 313

: The Ancient Deities
Audrey was about to apply for a private exchange when she suddenly
discovered one thing. The World, who was seated at the other end of the
long bronze table, didn’t show any interest in the “acting method” at all. He
didn’t even have the urge to ask about it.
Does he already know about the “acting method,” or did he consult Mr.
Fool privately? Audrey mumbled to herself, still cautiously asking for a
private meeting.
Then, looking at Fors, she said in a measured voice, in both her choice of
words and pronunciation, “Our attitude towards potions isn’t about grasping
them, but rather it’s about digesting them.
“The key to digestion is to “act,” and the key to “acting” is the
corresponding potion name.”
“Why?” blurted Fors.
After a moment of deliberation, she added another question, “Then, how
should one “act”?”
Audrey recalled Mr. Fool’s pose and examples, repeating the description of
the castle, the guards, the invitation, the disguise, and finally saying, “In
short, the goal of ‘acting’ is to reconcile the body, heart, and soul, bypassing
the stubborn resistance of the remnant headstrong psyche of the potion so as
to assimilate and digest it.”
As a fiction writer, Fors had a strong imagination. After Justice was done
with her description, she had already sketched out the corresponding scenes
in her mind, and she had basically understood what Justice was trying to
convey.
Is that so…
So this is how you eliminate the remnant psyche influence in the potion and
reduce the risk of losing control.
The more I think about it, the more I feel that this is possible!
…
The bewilderment in her mind gradually lessened, and the feeling of
surprise slowly filled her heart.
Finally, she asked for confirmation, “Was this taught by Mr. Fool?”
“Yes, if not for Mr. Fool, we might’ve already lost control. Our continued
existence is proof of the ‘acting method’s’ effectiveness,” Justice praised
from the bottom of her heart.
Phew… Fors exhaled and felt her future brighten with hope.
Could this be the fortuitous encounters described in all kinds of novels?
This feels so good! However, I shouldn’t be careless. Mr. Fool might be a
malicious, evil god with deep secrets… Fors reminded herself.
Immediately, she began to think about an even more important question:
how to act as an Apprentice.
Just from the word alone, Apprentice means that one’s skills are not mature
enough in various aspects. Does this mean that one should still accept
guidance and focus on studying? One shouldn’t flaunt one’s superiority and
be arrogant, and one has to understand the insignificance of their own
strength? Fors quickly let her thoughts wander and didn’t realize that the
environment for individual communication had been discontinued.
At that moment, The Sun, Derrick, looked around silently, gritted his teeth
and said, “I want to know which seven gods you are talking about, and the
general situation regarding them.”
He couldn’t help but ask this question that had been plaguing his mind for a
long time.
… I know that! Audrey almost failed to react at first, but she quickly figured
out what The Sun was asking and raised her right hand slightly.
At the same time, The Hanged Man and The World also indicated that they
could answer.
… What are they doing? Fors looked on blankly, trying to remember what
had just happened.
After a moment, she remembered The Sun’s question. She then began
ruminating over the implied meaning behind his words.
It can’t be? He actually doesn’t know about the Seven Gods? Where did he
come from? Fors looked at Mr. Sun, who was just a teenager.
In the Northern Continent, other than insensible children, there wasn’t
anyone who didn’t know of the seven orthodox deities!
Even the poor who struggled to survive and the tramps were no exception!
To them, the occasional free food offered by the cathedrals was so tempting
that the workhouse was a flame of despair.
People from the Southern Continent’s colonies? However, there’s no need
for him to ask such a simple question! Just find a cathedral and ask a
pastor or a priest to preach a sermon, and you’ll be able to figure out the
relevant content! Where does The Sun actually live? What a freak! Fors
looked from side to side while mumbling to herself, but Miss Justice, Mr.
Hanged Man, and Mr. World weren’t surprised.
At that moment, the fog-immersed Klein saw that there were three people
eager to answer. He smiled and said, “Mr. Sun, who do you want to trade
with?
“What are you willing to pay?”
The Sun Derrick pursed his lips and thought for a few seconds.
“I’ll trade with each of them individually.”
Only then can I obtain the most comprehensive information… In the harsh
environment of the City of Silver, Derrick had matured quite a bit from his
previous patrols and clearance operations.
He paused for a moment before requesting, “The reward is that you can ask
me a question, the kind that I can answer.”
“I agree. I’m very interested in the City of Silver.” Audrey smiled faintly
without any hesitation.
City of Silver? Where is this place? Why haven’t I heard of it? Fors looked
around blankly, feeling completely at a loss as to what they were talking
about.
Audrey glanced at her and kindly explained, “Mr. Sun is neither in the
Northern or Southern Continent, nor is he on an island in the ocean. The
City of Silver is located outside of our understanding, or you can say he is
beyond the limits of our exploratory efforts.”
Are you kidding me? Fors subconsciously had this thought.
However, with that thought, based on The Sun’s performance, and the fact
that it was impossible that the others were ganging up to cheat her, Fors
quickly accepted Audrey’s explanation.
This secret gathering is even more incredible than I thought… Mr. Fool is
more powerful than I thought… Fors exhaled silently and sighed with
emotion.
Audrey vaguely read her thoughts, and for a moment she was tempted to
flaunt about how the deaths of Rear Admiral Qilangos, Intis Ambassador
Bakerland, and the swindler, Lanevus, was a result of the Tarot Club.
What a pity. If Fors were to learn of these three things, she would
immediately associate Audrey with Justice. I have to keep it a secret…
Audrey, even if it’s hard on you, you have to keep this a secret! Audrey
suddenly took a deep breath.
Since she didn’t know much about the City of Silver, she didn’t know what
to ask. Fors didn’t participate in the following transaction and chose to
spectate from the sidelines.
As for The Hanged Man and The World, they successively agreed to The
Sun’s request.
The happiest of all was Klein, for this meant that he reaped thrice the
rewards.
During individual communications, The Fool could hear the conversation!
Klein obviously didn’t have any plans of insulating himself.
Sun, you sure are simple! He laughed in his heart.
As there was a lot of information about the Seven Gods, Justice, The
Hanged Man, and The World could only “write” what they thought was
important. After a while, they each passed on their descriptions to The Sun.
Derrick quickly scanned through the information, and his eyes stopped on a
few lines.
In addition to the Lord who created everything, the oldest gods are the
Eternal Blazing Sun, the Lord of Storms, the God of Knowledge and
Wisdom. Those churches were the oldest churches.
Why haven’t I heard of any of these… I’ve never heard of any of these
gods… I feel like there’s something very important hidden here… Derrick
knew that each Tarot Club gathering had a time limit, so he hastily ended
his review, intending to go back and pray to Mr. Fool for help in awakening
his memories.
Then, the first one to raise a question was Justice.
Due to the serial murder, she was interested in the Devil Sequence, so she
imitated Mr. World and asked the appropriate questions.
Derrick answered with verve and added something, “In the corresponding
Sequence 7, a Beyonder of the Abyss pathway can effectively interfere with
divination and spirit channeling.”
A Devil’s powers sure are terrifying. I wonder if my Sequence 7 Psychiatrist
will result in a qualitative change… Or would I need to be Sequence 6?
Audrey felt a little apprehensive from what she heard.
The second question came from The Hanged Man.
He seemed to have considered this question for a long time. Looking at The
Sun, he opened his mouth and said in a deep voice, “I want to know the
creation myth of the City of Silver.”
The slightly tense Derrick relaxed a little and said, “The omniscient and
omnipotent God created everything and entered a state of deep slumber.
“The Giant King, Aurmir; the Dragon of Imagination, Ankewelt; the Elf
King, Soniathrym; the Vampire Ancestor, Lilith; the Devil Monarch,
Farbauti; the Phoenix Ancestor, Gregrace; the Mutated King, Kvastir; and
the King of Demonic Wolves, Flegrea split the remnant powers of authority,
becoming lords of the sky, land, and ocean. They ruled over reality, the
spirit world, and the astral world. They were deities who ruled over various
races and were truly deities, the ancient gods.”
Flegrea? Klein, who was listening, suddenly noticed a familiar word.
Whenever he advanced, or when his condition was unstable, or when he
came into contact with the remnant influence of the Antigonus family’s
diary, he would always hear some illusory, incomprehensible raving coming
from somewhere.
“Hornacis… Flegrea… Hornacis… Flegrea… Hornacis… Flegrea…”
Klein had known for a long time that Hornacis was referring to the
mountain range where the ruins of the Nation of the Evernight was, but he
had never known what the word Flegrea meant.
And now, for the first time, he heard Flegrea coming out of someone else’s
mouth!
King of Demonic Wolves, an ancient deity!
But why was “He” involved with the Hornacis mountain range? Klein
maintained his unperturbed position as he quietly listened to Derrick’s
recount.
“Some of them perished in the battle among themselves, while others were
stripped of their power after the awakening of the Lord that created
everything, the omnipotent and omniscient God.
“The first part is the creation myth, and the second part is about the City of
Silver’s true history.”
Alger wanted to know more, but as The Sun was unwilling to say more, he
could only stop in time and turn his attention to thinking.
The King of Demonic Wolves, Flegrea, had left the stage of history in the
Second Epoch, in the Dark Epoch long before the Cataclysm? As he
pondered, Klein manipulated The World to ask a question.
What he had wanted to ask was which Sequence allowed a Beyonder to
freely switch between the body and the spirit, just as Miss Sharron did. If
The Sun wasn’t aware of the answer, he could consider something else.
But now, he had something more important to know about, so he hoarsely
said, “Everything about the King of Demonic Wolves, Flegrea.”
The Sun, Derrick, looked at Mr. World in astonishment and frowned.
“I don’t know much about this ancient deity.
“He’s also known as the Annihilation Demonic Wolf and the Evernight
Demonic Wolf.”
“Evernight Demonic Wolf… Evernight?” Klein slightly narrowed his eyes.