Chapter 975

A Familiar Feeling
How can you not cause harm to my father from knowing his trump cards?
This will bring about negative impacts to matters that he’s trying to push for
or object to… Floating in the mind world, Audrey looked down at her
island of consciousness, her thoughts were so calm that it surprised her.
Right on the heels of that, she suddenly realized why Hvin Rambis had
directed Cuarón’s suicide.
Audrey had always been concerned about this matter. Furthermore, she had
obtained information from various sources, giving her a rather clear idea of
the overall picture. However, she had ultimately been stumped about the
mastermind’s goal.
This trap seemed to be targeted at the purse strings of the Conservative
Party, Baron Syndras. As long as he failed to respond properly, this
powerful banker would have his problems exposed and end up handled by
the official Beyonder organizations. However, the actual process seemed to
lack the panache of a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Spectator pathway. It
was especially so when Dwayne Dantès reacted unexpectedly, causing the
plan to immediately be foiled; yet, there wasn’t any mending of the plan.
As a rather senior Spectator, Audrey had long noticed the incongruity
within this matter. However, it was only after hearing Hvin Rambis’s words
today that she realized the core of the matter.
Hvin Rambis didn’t care if he had successfully taken down Baron Syndras,
as he had already accomplished his goals.
It was just as he had said, the New Party and Conservative Party were
fractured!
Although Hvin Rambis claimed to be trying to mend it, his true goal was to
deepen the cracks and cause them to completely fall out with each other!
Why is he doing this? Audrey controlled her mind island and didn’t make it
show any puzzled emotions.
She then replied to Hvin Rambis, “I can understand your concern for the
kingdom’s political situation. I will work hard on this.”
Just as she said that, the gloomy Hvin Rambis on the mind island lowered
his right hand from his forehead. Hvin Rambis, who was sitting on a sofa in
the real world, said with a gladdened smile, “You are indeed a young noble
lady filled with compassion.”
With that said, the old gentleman lowered his right leg which was covered
by grayish-blue trousers with lined patterns. He leaned forward slightly as
his eyes grew darker.
“Due to your identity and daily environment, you shall forget about me.
You will only remember Hilbert, Stephen, and Escalante. You will pass any
information through them…
“When there are extremely pressing issues that need reporting, you will
subconsciously visit me with the excuse of consulting me on some
academic question… When you enter my room, your lost memories will
recover…”
As Hvin Rambis said those words, the him on Audrey’s mind island opened
his mouth and repeated the words. A “rock” took form and quickly plunged
into the ground, sinking into the subconscious.
At that moment, Audrey felt as though she had dissociated into two entities.
One was a result of a mind island-she could no longer remember the
appearance or name of the elder in front of her. She only knew that she had
come to Stephen Hampres’s residence and met a Psychology Alchemists
councilor where she received the approbation of the “acting method” and
received a new mission.
Another her floated beneath the spirituality sky, acutely aware of everything
that had happened. However, there wasn’t much emotional changes. It was
more optimistic than gloomy.
Audrey was certain that the one in midair was her true self-conscious.
Therefore, she didn’t feel confounded. With “her” as the true self, she
controlled her other self and got up in a muddle.
“Yes, Sir.”
After answering him, she rapidly straightened her body, and like a puppet
who was being controlled by invisible strings, she walked to the door and
left.
At the instant she closed the door, the her in the mind world’s sky and the
her corresponding to the island of consciousness fused as one. There were
no longer any differences.
The two entities with certain memory discrepancies instantly fused together,
giving Audrey a few seconds of confusion. However, with plenty of
experience in treating people and hypnotizing others, she very quickly and
skillfully identified the differences. She then reconstructed every detail
from before.
What powerful mind-reading and hypnosis… He directly entered my Body
of Heart and Mind and even my Soul Body to exert influence via the sea of
collective subconscious… Although Audrey had the blessings of The Fool’s
angel, she felt that her recollections were like viewing old photographs.
They were yellowed and faded, as though they were matters that happened
years ago.
I’ll be able to do the same in the future! The blessings of Mr. Fool’s angel is
really impressive! Humph, I’ll only inform you of Father’s take on
unimportant matters! As Audrey’s mind whirled, her mood turned for the
better.
Whoosh!
The steam locomotive that spewed out copious amounts of smoke dragged
its carriages as it chugged into Backlund.
After traveling for days, Klein had finally returned to this Capital of
Capitals.
As Dwayne Dantès, Klein wore a top hat and a formal suit while holding a
gold inlaid cane. He slowly left the first-class cabin and firmly stood on the
platform.
Behind him was a man with mixed-blood. He was about 1.75 meters tall,
and he carried two luggage bags. He was none other than the marionette,
Enzo. Of course, this Winner had already changed his name to Enuni, which
sounded more in line with the Southern Continent’s traditions. In the future,
he would be the go-to person to establish contact with the Southern
Continent’s clientèle for the upstart tycoon and arms dealer, Dwayne
Dantès. The non-crucial business would be handled by him, without
needing Dwayne Dantès to personally head to East and West Balam.
Of course, this was simply a disguise. In fact, Klein would be the one
making the trip.
He had decided to send believers to West Balam in the name of Sea God
Kalvetua and get them to represent himself to complete some small-scale
deals. After all, Danitz was an infamous pirate over the Five Seas, with a
bounty exceeding ten thousand pounds. Furthermore, he had close ties with
Gehrman Sparrow, and it easily incurred suspicion if he kept helping
Dwayne Dantès.
After leaving the station, Klein rode a carriage and returned to 160 Böklund
Street.
It was already dark by then. The street lamps on both sides of the street had
already lit up, likewise for Dwayne Dantès’s residence. Butler Walter and
Housekeeper Taneja led the male and female servants, as well as the
gardener and coachmen, out. They stood on both sides to welcome their
employer back.
After he arrived in Desi Bay and bought the train tickets, Klein had sent a
telegram back to Backlund, informing his butler when he was returning.
However, he had instructed him not to send the coachman to pick him up at
the station. After all, this was an era when steam locomotives were often
delayed. It wasn’t impossible that its arrival would be delayed to the next
morning.
Glancing at his servants who stood with a standard, reverent pose, Klein
secretly nodded and passed through them as he sighed inwardly.
This does resemble the style of nobility. Even when the employer isn’t
around, the butler doesn’t skive… When he arrived at the door, he nodded
gently at Walter and Taneja before saying, “It must’ve been hard on you
while I was away.”
“It’s our duty,” Walter and Taneja said with a bow.
Klein then turned his gaze to his valet, Richardson. He realized that this
good-looking mixed-blood had a somewhat pale expression as he kept
stealing glances at his employer’s new valet, Enuni.
Klein smirked inwardly as he nodded at him.
“You did well. However, there’s some business involving the Southern
Continent that requires Enuni to handle it.
“Oh yes, be Mr. Walter’s assistant and help him in gathering information for
a manor outside the city.”
Assistant… Assistant butler… Richardson was first taken aback before he
replied in pleasant surprise, “Yes, Sir!”
With this role, it meant that he had broken free from the constraints of being
a valet. He had been promoted!
Walter didn’t ask about the manor in detail as he seriously arranged for his
employer’s settling in, bath, and meals.
After all of this was done, he and Enuni sent Dwayne Dantès back to the
third story before he asked, “Sir, do you plan on buying a manor in the
suburbs of Backlund? What requirements do you have?”
Something not too expensive… Who knows how long I can use this identity
for… Klein inwardly gave a self-deprecating comment before deliberating.
“One with a vineyard and brewery.”
After completing the arms deal, he had already established himself in
Backlund’s high society and had earned a huge sum of money. Therefore, it
was necessary for him to own a manor. He couldn’t afford to not be capable
of inviting his friends on a vacation and hunt in the suburbs when autumn
and winter came. This was a faux pas that could easily make him be viewed
with scorn.
Furthermore, the manors in Backlund’s suburbs were rather expensive. One
could purchase a huge manor with rubber trees in places like Desi Bay for
eight to ten thousand pounds, but here, all he wanted was a vineyard and
grain farm, with facilities like a brewery.
“I will gather the information as soon as possible,” Walter replied
respectfully.
He knew his employer was exhausted from his traveling, so after briefly
informing him of the recent developments, he left the third story and busied
himself on other matters. With the new valet’s help, Klein changed his
clothes and washed up.
During this process, Klein, who had gotten accustomed to his godhood,
couldn’t help but lampoon.
If it wasn’t because a marionette cannot be more than a thousand meters
from me, would I have changed valets… Despite being a tycoon, I still have
to serve myself… Sigh!
Amidst his sighs, he dismissed Winner Enuni to the adjoining room and
walked to the window. He looked at the lamp-lit Backlund, which
resembled stars, as he allowed his thoughts to wander.
Next, my goal is MI9’s deputy director, Brigadier General Qonas Kilgor…
As for the captain of the royal guards, Viscount Stratford, I can leave him to
the Demoness, Trissy… She has vanished for quite some time. I wonder
what he has been busy with. I wonder if she has come up with a way to
approach that viscount… I had previously informed her that I have other
matters to tend to and wasn’t free via the method she gave me. I’ll later
have to confirm that I’m free now and can continue our previous
cooperation effort…
After a while, Klein reined in his thoughts and got into bed. Without the
help of Cogitation, he fell deep asleep.
After an unknown period of time, he suddenly opened his eyes and sensed
that someone had entered 160 Böklund Street!
Here it comes again… Klein couldn’t help but raise his hand to rub his
temples.
On the first day of returning to Backlund, he had been awakened in the
middle of the night.