Chapter 826

: The Thought of Being Forgotten
Monday evening. 160 Böklund Street.
Klein set up a ritual and summoned himself. He planned on investigating
the secret hidden in the sewers.
While responding above the gray fog, he was in a dilemma about the card to
use—the Black Emperor or the Tyrant card. It was like the selection of
clothes before heading out.
In consideration of how Backlund was a place where the Church of Storms
was a very powerful faction, and being afraid that he would end up
attracting High-Sequence irascible bros, Klein ultimately chose to use the
Black Emperor card. He wore a crown and black armor with a cape behind
him.
Aside from this Card of Blasphemy, he also brought Creeping Hunger,
Azik’s copper whistle, Senor’s gold coin, and Broken Finger, the Marauder
pathway’s mystical item which Cattleya had given him three hours ago, as
well as some ordinary explosives.
Of course, Klein didn’t bring the entire crate of explosives. For a Spirit
Body, it was just too heavy. He only took out five sticks and left Senor to
hold them in his body.
As for Death Knell, he had left it in his room. This was to prevent himself
from having the urge to participate in a battle. He had very clear goals, so
once he discovered any problems, to avoid danger, he would immediately
leave and not stay behind. On the contrary, a powerful weapon would end
up making him act bold, making him wish to probe deeper and resolve the
matter by himself.
This is Backlund. It’s best that I don’t create too great a commotion… As for
what’s hidden in the sewers, I have no way of being clairvoyant about it. I
can only divine whether it will be dangerous… Klein looked at the wall
clock in his room, and he confirmed that there was another hour and a half
before Hazel took action like she usually did.
His figure suddenly vanished as he passed through the balcony’s glass and
flew into the streets before entering the sewers.
In the dirty and humid environment, Klein took out a Loen gold coin and
made Wraith Senor appear in front of him with his dark red coat and old
triangular hat.
Following that, he handed over the tweezers that resembled two ground
bone fingers to his marionette.
Just holding it on him for a short period of time had nearly made him steal
the sewer’s manhole cover.
Senor held Broken Finger and walked ahead. Dressed as the Black
Emperor, Klein turned invisible and walked behind, allowing his marionette
to open up a gap of at least fifty meters from him.
With this distance between them, he was no longer affected by kleptomania,
and as a dead person, Senor also lacked the thoughts of stealing.
He didn’t even have any thoughts!
Turning in at the corresponding fork and passing through the hidden door,
Wraith Senor held the grayish-white tweezer and appeared inside the half-
natural, half-artificial cave.
Unlike before, the oilskin-wrapped tools like shovels had changed
positions. The hidden passage on the right had deepened a little.
That was clearly Hazel’s main focus.
Right on the heels of that, Klein, who didn’t enter the fork, leaned against
the water of the sewers, his back facing the target region. He controlled his
marionette as he walked deeper into the right passage.
Soon, Senor came to the end.
At this moment, Klein suddenly felt the grayish-white tweezer in his
marionette’s hand tremble subtly, as though it had been attracted by some
unknown object not far away.
The unknown item was deep and profound like a calm ocean. It made it
difficult to pry into its exact state.
A characteristic that’s alive, much closer to that of a spirit… Klein was only
able to determine this as he immediately let Senor use Mirror Leap to return
to the half-natural, half artificial cave, onto a shovel that hadn’t rusted. He
didn’t attempt to head deeper underground via the passage.
Then, Senor appeared again, took out the five ordinary sticks of explosives
from inside its body, and placed them in different spots.
Every Wraith was a demolition expert!
After doing all of this, Senor’s figure phased away, appearing on the surface
of the gold coin in Klein’s hand.
As he stuffed the gold coin into his body, Klein raised his right hand, in
preparation to snap his fingers and trigger the five sticks of explosives!
His idea was very simple. It was to deliver an explosion of a suitable scale
in order to destroy Hazel’s hard work and traces. It would attract the
Nighthawks and resolve everything.
This way, regardless of what was hidden deep in the passage, it wouldn’t
bring him danger!
In Backlund, knowing how to ingeniously “sound the alarm” was more
effective and safer than rashly attacking by himself. This was especially so
when Klein wasn’t capable of determining that the matter involved a
demigod!
I’m such a good citizen! As Klein gave a self-deprecating remark, he
prepared to snap his fingers to ignite the explosives.
Suddenly, his head swayed a little as he lowered his arm, as though nothing
had happened.
The cautious Klein immediately ended the summoning and returned above
the gray fog. Then, he returned to the real world and entered his physical
body.
Just as he was about to busy himself to bring back Creeping Hunger,
Senor’s gold coin, and the other items from the mysterious space above the
gray fog, he frowned slightly.
He seriously recalled the entire process of his late-night exploration when
he was alarmed to realize that he had apparently lost a small portion of his
“memories.”
He didn’t remember if he had triggered the five sticks of ordinary
explosives!
As he turned his head to sense his surroundings and confirmed that the
entire street was very silent, Klein began to believe that he hadn’t snapped
his fingers.
This is a Beyonder power of a Dream Stealer? It seems to be much stronger
than Mobet… If not for the gray fog and my habit of doing an after-action
review, I might not have discovered that my thoughts of triggering the
explosives were stolen away… The other party might have also snapped his
fingers, but without the Flame Controlling powers to work in concert,
nothing happened… Klein’s expression turned grave as he thought,
prepared to make another attempt.
Similarly, to prevent himself from being tracked, he still summoned himself
and responded to himself.
With the Black Emperor card, Klein left 160 Böklund Street from another
side, deliberately circling two streets away before arriving at the sewer’s
manhole.
This time, he didn’t approach the fork. Staying not far from the manhole, he
used his enhanced Flame Controlling to sense the explosive and lifted his
right hand.
He raised it and lowered it as Klein rapidly ended the summoning and
returned above the gray fog to prevent himself from being attacked by an
unknown existence.
Not in a hurry to return to the real world, he sat at the chair of The World,
doing a debrief of the entire process.
I forgot to trigger the explosives again… If I didn’t force myself to recall
this, I wouldn’t have even considered such a problem… Truly quite
impressive. The one that steered Hazel to the sewers to dig is probably a
demigod… Why didn’t he directly parasitize Hazel? Could it be due to
particular reasons that he’s sealed somewhere in the sewers and can only
release some of his powers to drive Hazel to help him via a dream? The one
that caused Broken Fingers to react abnormally via the law of Beyonder
characteristic convergence is also him? He is unable to control the signs in
regards to this? Klein thought as he rapped the corner of the long mottled
table.
After having a rough guess, he discovered that there was apparently no way
of truly carrying out his original plans.
This was because his thoughts would be stolen once he entered the distance
in which he could use Flame Controlling to ignite the explosives. Even if he
recalled it later, there was no way to make up for it.
Considering how Hazel would be affected by her dream, Klein suspected
that the limits to the person’s powers didn’t stop at the manhole. If he
discovered that Hero Bandit Black Emperor was related to Dwayne Dantès,
then he would lose his corresponding thoughts and memories even while
sleeping in his bedroom.
However, he has no way of locking onto me by passing over the gray fog…
Heh, does he think it’s so easy to stop me from “sounding the alarm”?
Klein thought as he cautiously summoned a paper figurine and used a tiny
amount of the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog. With the
ritual that had yet been terminated, he conjured an angel and forcefully
created an interference effect.
After doing this, he carried the Black Emperor card and entered his
bedroom with his Door of Summoning.
Klein’s new plan was to head to another street, find a random house, and
borrow some pen and paper to write: “At the end of the sixth left fork in the
Böklund Street sewers, there’s a secret passage that’s suspected to hide a
demigod from the Marauder pathway” or something similar. Then, with the
image of Böklund Street, he would plaster the piece of paper on Saint
Samuel Cathedral’s entrance as a public notice!
Of course, he would politely knock on the door to let the bishops inside
sense it to prevent ordinary people from first seeing it.
At times, the most primitive methods are the most effective ones! Just as
Klein was about to leave 160 Böklund Street from another area, he
suddenly felt a tremor as a deep rumble sounded from afar.
It was ignited? The explosives were ignited? Who did it? Klein paused in
surprise.
It was definitely not done by him, as it couldn’t have been delayed for so
long. And previously, there wasn’t anyone in the sewers. Even if there was
someone, the thought of igniting the explosives would be stolen away.
Unless a demigod happened to come. But how could it be this
coincidental…
There’s another possibility. It was done by the demigod from the Marauder
pathway… He had repeatedly stolen my thoughts before, preventing me
from using Flame Controlling. It was to buy time to leave. Now that it’s
finally done, he triggered the explosives to destroy all the evidence?
That adheres to logic, as he should know very well that a powerful being
whose origins can’t be traced cannot be stopped if he insists on “sounding
the alarm.” The best solution is to drop its tail in order to survive, just like
a gecko…
However, if he can leave, why did he steer Hazel into digging the secret
passage? Doing so will deal tremendous harm to him? Klein thought of
certain possibilities, but he was unable to verify any of them. Furthermore,
he was certain that the underground explosion was bound to have already
attracted attention. Hence, he immediately left Creeping Hunger and other
items behind, terminated the summoning, and returned above the gray fog.
After returning to the real world, he stopped the ritual, cleared the altar, and
cleaned all traces before getting into bed.
…
39 Böklund Street, Member of Parliament Macht’s house.
Hazel, who didn’t sleep at all, was alarmed by the tremors and deep
humming sound. She walked to the balcony and drew the curtains to look
towards the sewer manhole. However, she didn’t notice any anomalies.
After observing for a while, the uncertain her had decided to cancel her
operation for the night and sleep in peace.
At this moment, she suddenly heard squeaking as she turned to look at the
corner of her balcony.
At some point in time, there was a gray rat sitting there covered in sewage
water.