Chapter 1141

Deep Winter
Sonia Sea, Pasu Island, Chasm of Storm Cathedral.
This was the headquarters of the Church of the Lord of Storms, the holiest
of holy temples, a place blessed by a god.
The murals that were painted in blue, silver, green, and golden colors
seemed rough, but they had a sacred and majestic vibe to them. Coupled
with the dome that stood at a height with an excess of a hundred meters, it
made all who stood there feel how puny they were. It made one unable to
resist bowing their head.
Alger Wilson had already undergone the ritual and had “truly” become a
Sequence 5 Ocean Songster. At this moment, he had come here with the
same batch of recently advanced Beyonders, awaiting the preaching of
Pontiff Gaard II.
Indeed, it’s really easy to lose control when consuming excess potions. I’ve
already digested all the past potions, but I nearly succumbed this time…
After I leave Pasu Island, I’ll borrow the Unshadowed Crucifix from The
Sun and purge the excess characteristic.This can both be exchanged for
money, and it can also be used to secretly nurture some Beyonders who are
loyal to me… Alger used the reflection of the blue stone tiles on the ground
to see that his hair had darkened and thickened.
At this moment, the sound of a booming musical instrument exploded in the
hearts of every Beyonder, spreading extreme fear.
Pontiff Gaard II walked out with a scepter in hand, went up a dais, and
faced the crowd. He said in a deep, rumbling voice, “Congratulations,
everyone. You are one step closer to the Lord.”
He was wearing a papal tiara with sapphires, emeralds, and other gems. He
wore a dark blue robe that was nearly black. On top of it was silver and
gold silk embroidered with symbols of lightning, storms, and oceans. His
aura was deep and majestic, as though a tempest was about to strike.
This Grounded Angel, the spokesperson of the Lord of Storms, was a
middle-aged man who looked to be in his forties. However, everyone knew
that Gaard II had been helming the Council of Cardinals for nearly a
century.
As a Blessed of the Gods, this level of longevity wasn’t strange in the eyes
of the believers. It was normal to not have anything to fear.
Upon hearing the pontiffs praise, Alger didn’t have any thoughts. He
clenched his right fist and struck his left breast, shouting, “Holy Lord of
Storms!”
In the next fifteen minutes, they quietly listened to Gaard II’s preachings.
After completing this process, Alger received his mission from a high-
ranking deacon. He was to head to Sonia Island and lay an ambush in the
surrounding waters, in search for opportunities to attack the port, or supply
ships and Feysac merchant ships.
Backlund, Empress Borough, Inside the Hall family’s luxurious mansion.
Just as Audrey put on her blue cloak in preparation to bring her golden
retriever, Susie; her maidservant, Annie; and the others to the Loen Charity
Bursary Foundation at Phelps Street, she saw her father, Earl Hall, enter
through the main door.
“Father, good morning. Did you… not come home last night?” Audrey
looked him up and down in puzzlement.
You could tell?” Earl Hall stroked his lovely mustache and asked with a
smile.
Realizing that her father was in a good mood, Audrey turned her green eyes
and said with a faint smile, “Your coat reeks of cigarettes. It implies that
you haven’t taken it off for some time. Not to mention that’s an outdoor set
of clothing.”
Apart from this, there were many other details that could lead to the same
conclusion, but Audrey deliberately didn’t mention it.
As Earl Hall took off his coat and handed it to his valet, he chuckled and
said, “Not bad at all. You’re very observant. It looks like your work at the
bursary foundation has greatly benefited you.
“I was at the Prime Minister’s the entire night, waiting for news.”
Having said that, Earl Hall sighed and said, “Winter County and
Midseashire’s front line has once again repelled the Feysacian attack. With
the onset of the harsh winter, we can finally catch our breaths.”
Audrey blinked, perfectly expressing her surprise.
Earl Hall immediately smiled.
“I understand your puzzlement. The newspaper only mentions what we
want the people to know.
“The defense lines at the Amantha mountain range and the various cities
along Midseashire’s coast aren’t as robust as you think. In the first round of
the attacks, our fleet and soldiers suffered a tremendous loss. In order to not
cause any panic, we announced that there were wins on both sides. We also
made all the large shipyards and factories work like mad to contribute to the
war machine.
“In this period of time, the two lines were almost breached several times.
Many critical areas were lost and recovered. These repeated “see-saws” was
apparently a human meat grinder.
“Luckily, we’ve finally lasted to this point. This winter will be the turning
point of the war.”
Actually, I know… The number of people who died, went missing, and the
casualty numbers might be concealed, but it still presents quite a few
problems… Besides, winter might not necessarily be a good thing. Feysac’s
Weather Warlocks are very good at using such situations… Audrey’s heart
sank as she hurriedly controlled her emotions and smiled.
“That’s great. I hope we can quickly have peace restored.”
Earl Hall was taken aback as he said, “His Majesty plans to give a speech to
everyone in the kingdom on Saturday and tell them that we will prevail.
“When the time comes, the cities and villages will be gathered at their
respective squares. The latest technology will be used to allow everyone to
hear his speech.”
The latest technology… Gather the entire kingdom in various squares to
listen to the king’s speech… Audrey suddenly thought of Mr. World’s
reminder and decided to inform him of this matter.
Organize a large number of people to listen to a speech… This must be the
corresponding ritual, right? George III is about to hold the Black Emperor
ritual? After receiving the latest news from Miss Justice, Klein returned to
the real world with a solemn expression.
He paced back and forth in the rental apartment and didn’t delay any
further. He took out a pen and paper and quickly wrote:
“I’ve already gathered the Beyonder blood of twenty pathways. I’m just
short of Assassin and Criminal.
“George III will be holding a speech for most of the kingdom’s citizens this
Saturday. You should know what this might mean.
“In addition, I need the ritual to communicate with Mr. Door.”
After folding the letter and getting Reinette Tinekerr to send it out, Klein
slowly exhaled as he couldn’t help but think of all sorts of thoughts.
The Demoness’s blood shouldn’t be a problem. Trissy seems very
determined to foil George Ill’s scheme…
I can reveal something to Queen Mystic, that I’m able to enter the secret
mausoleum… Although her main goal is to revive the emperor and she is
unwilling to make an enemy out of George III, the emperor might not be
able to return if George III succeeds…
I’m waiting for the Chief of the City of Silver to return to provide the
Devil’s blood… The hunting team that he led has set off for more than ten
days. They should be returning soon… In theory, there’s still time. There’s
no problem… If not, I’ll use the two contingencies. First, I’ll use the
Blatherer’s aura to replace the blood. Second, I’ll summon the Devils that
I’ve encountered in the past from the Historical Void and extract their
blood…
In a room in the Backlund Bridge area that didn’t look anything special.
The lustrous black-haired Trissy reached out and retrieved a letter from the
mirror.
She opened it and her brows gradually frowned. It was especially
endearing.
Is it finally happening…? Trissy’s expression changed a few times. She
seemed hesitant, resistant, afraid, and confused.
Finally, she smiled and muttered in a twisted voice, “I’ve killed so many
people and caused so many tragedies. Even if I were to die this time, it
wouldn’t be a total loss…”
After a few seconds of silence, Trissy took out a glass test tube from her
black dress’s pocket.
It wasn’t her blood, but another Demoness’s. Her original name was
Sherman, who had later called herself Shermane.
As a qualified, senior Demoness, Trissy had found an opportunity to take
some of Shermane’s blood while nurturing her. A necessary component for
curses; it might not have been of use most of the time, but it could
effectively prevent any accidents.
After Shermane’s death, Trissy didn’t abandon the tube of blood. This was
because there were many occasions when Demonesses needed such
materials, just like now.
City of Silver, in a particular residence.
As soon as the lightning frequency increased, Derrick got out of bed, lit the
stove, and quickly grilled some mushroom bread.
This bread was even more exquisite and delicious than the original Black-
Faced Grass. He loved it very much, and he looked forward to his three
daily meals.
The only problem was that the yield of mushrooms that could make bread
wasn’t too high.
Due to the limited number of monster corpses, every resident was only
limited to one claim a week, enough for four to five meals.
After thousands of years of hard work, the area around the City of Silver
was relatively safe, with relatively few monsters.
Derrick heard that someone had deliberately placed himself in the darkness
to hunt monsters for the nurturing of mushrooms, hoping to be bait.
Then, he was eaten.
Those mushrooms have made everyone feel optimistic.” That_s not good.”
Derrick thought of the wistfulness before the Chief left and shook his head.
He picked up a jar he obtained from another city ruin and poured out some
white milk.
Frankly speaking, he didn’t like milk, but it was described by Miss Justice
as something that could help humans grow taller and stronger. This was
enough to move him.
As a resident of the City of Silver, Derrick knew that, as he hadn’t chosen
the Giant pathway, the chances of him growing taller and bulkier in the
future were low. However, he secretly hoped to reduce the gap between him
and his friends. Milk gave him that opportunity.
Gulp. Gulp. With a serious expression, Derrick drank today’s milk rations.
Just as he was about to get some mushroom bread, he suddenly sensed
something and looked out the window.
A person grew out of the shadows outside the door and said from afar,
“Derrick, the Chief wants me to give you this bottle of blood.”
The Chief is back? Derrick suddenly stood up and said, “Alright, thank
you.”
The moment he finished speaking, he saw the shadow in the gap come
alive, pushing out a small metal bottle.
Derrick knew very well that it contained the Devil blood that Mr. World
wanted.