Chapter 1175

Ideas Are Very Important
“Making things difficult for Amon?” Pallez Zoroast chuckled. “What
benefits can there be? Otherwise, forget it.”
Leonard was momentarily at a loss for words. After a few seconds, he said,
“At least it can make you feel good.”
Pallez chuckled.
“I will feel better if you don’t bring this topic up.”
Without waiting for Leonard to respond, this Sequence 1 angel from the
Marauder pathway sighed with “His” slightly-aged voice.
“Doesn’t your former colleague have a Deceit Charm? Perhaps he can use
this to come up with a solution.”
After getting rid of the Amon avatars in Backlund, Pallez had given the
godhood symbols and magic labels needed to make four charms—Deceit,
Parasite, Deprivation, and Aging—to Leonard. Leonard had passed on this
knowledge to Klein, and the latter had used the knowledge and the Worms
of Time to create one Deceit, Parasite, and Deprivation bullet each. Later
on, he had used them to deal with Qonas Kilgor, but Leonard wasn’t aware
of this.
Leonard whispered thoughtfully, “Old Man, are you saying that by using
the Deceit charm, you can mislead Amon and cause him to misidentify the
location, preventing him from influencing Klein’s escape?”
In his mind, Pallez Zoroast snapped back, “Do you think it’s possible to use
a Deceit charm in front of a Marauder pathway’s King of Angels?”
It’s impossible… Leonard laughed dryly and pressed in a thick-skinned
manner, “What do you mean then?”
Pallez Zoroast’s voice suddenly sounded more spirited:
“Deceive the rule that one can only return to where one’s body is!”
“Deceive the rule? That works too?” Leonard asked in shock.
Pallez gave a self-deprecating laugh and sighed.
“Compared to deceiving Amon, deceiving a rule is much easier. After all,
underneath this world is madness and chaos.”
This sentence made Leonard speechless for a moment. On the one hand, he
wasn’t experienced enough. He didn’t know that orders and laws could be
deceived, and on the other hand, he never expected that, in Old Man’s heart,
Amon was even more terrifying than the laws of nature and the order of the
world.
After nearly ten seconds, he spoke again, “With this method, how high is
the possibility of success?”
“It’s very, very low,” Pallez said with a sneer. “However, the probability of
deceiving the order of the world like this with a Deceit charm made from a
Worm of Time from Amon’s avatar is very, very low. Therefore, my
suggestion is still to get him to make a request to The Fool for help. Don’t
waste any more time. When fighting Amon, the longer the delay, the more
dangerous it will be.”
Leonard pondered for a moment before nodding in agreement.
“I understand. I’ll also advise him to do so.”
Of course, he wouldn’t forget mentioning the highly improbable method
that Old Man had suggested.
“It’s good that you understand. Seriously, disturbing an old man’s
reading…” As Pallez mumbled, “His” voice gradually lowered and
disappeared from Leonard’s mind.
In 7 Pinster Street, the newspaper that was placed on the coffee table
suddenly flew up and automatically spread open over the sofa.
…
Using a Deceit Charm to deceive the requirement that I can only resurrect
where my original body is? Above the gray fog, in the ancient palace, Klein
reconstructed Pallez Zoroast’s “suggestion” in his own words.
As soon as he finished speaking, he recalled the animal hide lantern that
kept burning: Amon had deceived the laws of nature, allowing the candle to
remain in a magical state and continue burning for a week without needing
any fuel.
His eyes lit up as he whispered, “This line of thought is something only an
angel from the Marauder pathway can think of immediately…
“It might not be impossible!”
Like Pallez, he did feel that, compared to dealing with Amon, it was much
easier to deal with the laws of nature.
After seeing hope, he immediately analyzed the possible outcome:
Although I’ve already used the Deceit Bullet, I can summon it from the
Historical Void. After all, before the effects end, I’ll definitely reform my
body and successfully resurrect…
The laws of nature are truly pitiful. Not only will they be deceived, even the
item used to deceive it is fake…
The only problem is that the bullet might not be able to deceive the
mysticism law. It was already a little difficult to deal with Qonas Kilgor
back then…
Amidst his thoughts, he slowly surveyed the area and gradually gained
inspiration.
That was to use Sefirah Castle!
After gaining initial control of Sefirah Castle, he could already mobilize the
power of a Sequence 2 angel here.
And many of the things he had come into contact with previously had
explained that the authority of Sefirah Castle had a high probability of
spanning over the three pathways of Seer, Apprentice, and Marauder. It
could generate a convergence effect on the corresponding Beyonders, and it
had clearly attracted the attention of Amon.
That was to say, Klein suspected that Sefirah Castle had the power of these
three pathways at the same time. However, as a Seer, most of the power he
could stir was concentrated in this domain.
With the help of the medium known as the Deceit Bullet, I might be able to
stir the other powers of Sefirah Castle… Since I’m already capable of using
some miracles in the Seer domain, having power from the Marauder
pathway at the angel level is a highly reasonable deduction. The only
problem is that there must be a medium of a sufficient level… This way, I
don’t have to worry about not being able to deceive that rule… As his
thoughts brightened up, he seriously began to formulate a plan.
He used the mysticism laws as his target and attempted to formulate a
“scam.”
In order to reduce the difficulty, it’s best to have additional preparations. I
can’t deceive something out of nothing, at least unless I’m Amon’s true
body…
Yes. I’ll bestow a tube of my blood to Little Sun. I’ll create a fake respawn
point that exceeds the range.
And then, using the Deceit Bullet as a trigger, stir the corresponding angel-
level powers contained within Sefirah Castle, “misdirecting” that rule and
making it view the fake respawn point as the real one, while the real one
becomes the fake one…
He outlined the details bit by bit, and when his thoughts finally took form,
Klein immediately used the mysticism connection between himself and the
spot he died, to observe the actual situation with his “true vision.”
He saw that the grayish-yellow fog had thinned a lot, and the deep ravine
that hid Chernobyl was no different from before.
It was unknown where Amon, who was wearing a pointed hat and a
monocle, had stolen a rock from and had placed it on the spot where Klein
had passed away. “He” sat on it and patiently played with a human-skinned
glove.
“He” occasionally bent the human-skinned glove’s finger and stretched it at
other times, as if “He” could pass a hundred years doing that.
About a kilometer away, in a certain spot in the grayish-yellow fog, three
Amons in black classical mage robes crouched around a rock as “They”
seriously played poker cards that “They” had stolen from somewhere. From
time to time, “They” would nudge their monocle.
Elsewhere in this extensive moor, Amon would be either alone or in groups,
strolling leisurely, writing in thought, or discussing all sorts of questions
with one another.
In the dark and dangerous Forsaken Land of the Gods, it was such a
harmonious scene. It would’ve been better if the young men weren’t all the
same—wearing classic black robes, pointed hats and monocles, with similar
black hair, black eyes, broad foreheads, and thin faces.
Just as Klein was about to make a further observation, the Amon sitting on
the rock suddenly raised “His” head. “He” nudged his crystal-carved
monocle and looked at him.
Across the moor, all of the Amons looked up at the highest point of the fog
of history.
Klein immediately retracted his gaze and cut off the connection.
…
In the City of Silver, Derrick Berg arrived at the top of the spire and met
Chief Colin Iliad.
“Your Excellency, I’ve already received the promise of blessings,” Derrick
said frankly and directly.
With white hair and an old scar on his face, Colin Iliad was visibly relieved.
He slowly nodded and said, “That’s good. That’s good.”
He had repeated the sentence in a rare instance.
As an excellent Demon Hunter and the City of Silver’s Chief, he had
always been patient, never taking unnecessary risks. Therefore, with the
sudden lack of a response from The Fool, he didn’t immediately turn to the
True Creator, and he decided to wait patiently for another month.
For the City of Silver, which had been waiting in the Dark Ages for more
than two thousand years, a month was something that could be accepted.
Without waiting for Derrick to reply, Demon Hunter Colin left the window
and calmly said, “Head back first. I’m going to start preparing for the
advancement ritual.”
Derrick glanced at the Chief and said sincerely, “You’ll definitely succeed!”
He didn’t stay any longer. He immediately left the spire and returned home.
After setting up the ritual again and placing the six powerful corpses that he
had hunted to the correct position, Colin Iliad began to concoct the potion.
After all of this was done, the City of Silver Chief closed his eyes and
lowered his head, chanting in Jotun, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to this
era, the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; the King of Yellow and Black
who wields good luck…”
Above the gray fog, Klein saw ripples of light emanate as he heard a
slightly illusory prayer.
He immediately summoned a paper figurine and combined the power of
Sefirah Castle with it. He threw it into the prayer circle and conveniently
marked the City of Silver’s Chief.
At the same time, with the help of this prayer circle, he observed the
situation of the entire spire and the City of Silver. He confirmed that there
was no sign of Amon’s parasitic existence near the Chief or Little Sun.
I have to seize this opportunity! Klein immediately conjured The World
Gehrman Sparrow and made him pose as he prayed.
At this moment, Colin Iliad saw the light.
In the holy light, a holy angel with twelve pairs of illusory wings suddenly
descended. As clean, white feathers fluttered down, the Demon Hunter was
embraced by these wings of light.
This was a blessing from Mr. Fool.