Chapter 896

: Daly’s Probe
To buy a dictionary late at night, in a city that’s somewhat chaotic.
Furthermore, I obviously look like someone from Intis. That really is rather
dangerous… No, I can’t keep wearing this glove… Danitz was stunned for a
few seconds before he raised his hand and attempted to take off his boxing
glove.
When he was halfway done, he suddenly paused and sized up Anderson.
When he saw him wearing a black glove on his left hand, he did a hollow
chuckle and wore his glove again.
“I believe that in the Southern Continent, a place like this requires
strength,” Danitz added with a faint smile.
Anderson’s expression remained the same as he continued stroking his chin.
“Then, what do you plan on doing?”
Danitz pointed at the staircase and said, “I plan on finding the hotel’s boss
and borrow his dictionary. I believe he will be teaching his children
Dutanese.”
“That’s an idea worth pursuing. But even with a dictionary, you won’t be
able to master it anytime soon. Even if you grasp a few terms, it will still be
rather difficult. After all, the language here is a completely different system
from the Northern Continent,” Anderson said with a tsk. “Why don’t I
suggest a solution for you. Your captain has likely taught you some
ritualistic magic in the God of Knowledge and Wisdom domain, right?”
“Yes,” Danitz replied with a nod without a second thought.
Anderson clapped his hands and said,
Danitz shook his head without hesitation.
“I believe in the Lord of Storms, and not the God of Knowledge and
Wisdom. The reason why some of the ritualistic magic cast in the past had
received a reply was because of Captain.”
Upon saying that, he shot Anderson a glance.
“Weren’t you born in Segar, growing up in Lenburg, being classmates with
Captain?
“Then you should also be a believer of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom.
Wouldn’t it be more effective if you held the ritual?”
Anderson shook his head and laughed.
“Despite being believers all the same, those who can actually receive a
reply are in the extreme minority.”
Seemingly in thought, he said, “The best method is to find a priest or bishop
from the Church of Knowledge. Get them to make some charms, uh—I
recall that there are a few pilgrims from Lenburg here in Behrens Harbor.
Why don’t we visit them tomorrow…”
Danitz was just about to say “yes” when he suddenly revealed a look of
suspicion.
“I have this nagging feeling that you are up to something…”
Anderson’s expression immediately froze.
…
On the airship, Klein had his seatbelt buckled and had a blanket over him as
he leaned against his seat, already in deep sleep.
At this moment, it was dark outside. There was little light from the lands,
and the scenery swept across slowly despite moving at a high speed.
Everything appeared peaceful and silent.
After an unknown period of time, Klein suddenly jolted awake as he
stretched his neck.
As he kept Death Knell on him, he had drank plenty of water. His bladder
had woken him up.
Pulling away his blanket and unbuckling his seatbelt, Klein covered his
mouth and yawned. He walked out of the lounge and headed for the
washroom at the corner of the hall.
After relieving himself, he washed his hand and left the washroom. When
he entered the hall, he suddenly saw a figure.
The figure was standing amidst the shadows. It was wearing a black robe,
and by its eyes were eyeshadow and blush. At a glance, it looked like a
shadow or ghost that had floated out of a corpse.
Ma’am Daly… Klein obviously recognized her as he immediately reacted
as though he jumped in fright.
Daly walked a few steps forward and looked up at Dwayne Dantès’s face.
She paused her gaze in between his eyes as she curled her mouth into a
smile.
“Your eyes and bearing resembles a friend of mine, especially the eyes.”
Klein immediately feigned enlightenment as he said with a smile, “Ma’am,
if our genders were swapped, that would be a standard way of hitting on
someone.”
Daly’s eyes didn’t move away as she chortled.
“There’s no need for any swapping. A difference in genders doesn’t change
the definition of such actions.
“If this were any other time, I really would be trying to trick you into a bed
if I had said something like that, even tricking you all the way down the
aisle.
“However, I have no such thoughts at the moment. I came over because
yours eyes really remind me of him.”
It’s really quite overwhelming speaking with Ma’am Daly… I can’t let her
lead the conversation; otherwise, she might realize that Dwayne Dantès
isn’t the casanova that has a wide preference or a romance expert. Instead,
he’s nothing but an inexperienced man in front of charming women… I have
to take the lead in this conversation… Klein’s mind stirred as he directly
asked in a half-joking manner, “Ma’am, do you like that friend of yours?”
Daly was taken aback for a second before she pricked her brows, lowered
her head, and smiled.
“That’s not something that needs hiding.
“If only he could be like you, being willing to take the initiative when
facing a woman, proficient at creating a suggestive atmosphere, perhaps if
that were the case, we might already have children.
“Unfortunately, he’s a conservative man. When he chats with me, all he
spoke off was matters regarding work or his experiences. Any hints given to
him or any joke that went overboard just made him appear uncomfortable.
He often found excuses to leave. He looked old, and he didn’t look after his
hair. He also had a bad memory. He even forgot my birthday. Whenever I
thought of him, I got mad, having the urge to push him down into bed, tying
his arms to the bed’s railing…”
Klein looked at Daly’s head with a gloomy gaze as he sighed to interrupt
her.
“Ma’am, you’ve said too much.”
Daly looked up, speaking with a smile in no way different than before.
“I thought you would enjoy talking about matters about this at a deeper
level.”
Klein let out a soft chuckle.
“Then why didn’t you turn those thoughts into action? I can tell that you
aren’t just a woman who can only talk.”
Daly scoffed.
“Guess.”
Following that, she nodded.
“Thank you for not saying that I’ve been harassing you.”
As she spoke, she turned around and headed for the extensive lounge where
the Red Gloves were. The corners of Klein’s mouth curled up slightly as he
returned to his room, shaking his head.
When she came to the entrance of the extensive lounge, Daly, whose eyes
landed on the floorboards, suddenly saw an untied shoelace.
She shifted her gaze up as her eyes reflected the black-haired, green-eyed
Leonard Mitchell.
Leonard glanced at Dwayne Dantès as he entered his lounge and said with a
suppressed voice, “He has plenty of secrets. He’s not a simple person.”
Daly chuckled and nodded.
“I know.”
Having said that, she briskly walked past Leonard Mitchell and walked into
the extensive lounge.
When she covered a few meters, she slowed down her pace and once again
lowered her head.
Leonard remained standing at the door, watching the long dragged out
shadows that were cast from the lights outside. Slowly and silently, he
exhaled.
Inside the small lounge, Klein stood by the door, raising his right hand and
rubbing his temples. He stood there like a statue.
…
In the Berg household in the City of Silver.
Derrick sat on a stool, munching on bread that was made from Black-Faced
Grass powder as he seriously listed down the matters that he had yet to
complete in recent times.
I haven’t obtained the information of the Bizarro Bane that Mr. World
needs… I still lack the points required for the Sequence 5 Vampire Beyonder
characteristic… I only have three friends. That’s not enough… All the clues
I have regarding the former Chief’s mausoleum aren’t much…
As the thoughts flashed through his mind, Derrick filled his stomach and
took off his shirt. Holding an open container that had been ground from
stone, he used the sticky black liquid inside to smear on the obvious bruises
on his body.
Although the City of Silver only had edible Black-Faced Grass in its
vicinity, it didn’t only have one type of plant. They were many kinds of
plants, all of them being strange. By using different powers, they could
grow and proliferate in the dark, sun-lacking environment that only had
lightning. One of the traditions of the City of Silver was to select different
plants and mix them with organs of monsters to create various kinds of
ointments. They were especially effective when treating most injuries and
illnesses. It prevented the residents from dying just because of a trivial
problem.
They were simplified versions of the magical medicine, holy ointment, and
essential oil formulas that generations of Demon Hunters obtained from
their potions. These low-level products thus became a tradition!
Just after Derrick applied the ointment and took a whiff of the pungent
smell before putting on his clothes, he suddenly heard knocking at the door.
His mind tensed up instinctively as he held up Thunder God’s Roar, the
dark blue hammer that had electric sparks swirling around it. He carefully
approached the door, prepared to kill any monsters that suddenly emerged
from the darkness.
“Who is it?” Derrick asked in a deep voice.
A gruff voice sounded from the outside:
“Valer.”
At the same time, bright light beamed its way through the door cracks and
windows. That was the power of a Dawn Paladin.
Derrick relaxed as he opened the door and greeted, “Valer, aren’t you
leading a patrol team today?”
Valer stood 2.2 meters tall and was recently befriended by Derrick. Derrick
was also most impressed with him because Valer was able to rein in his
powers to a great extent and was a person who took very good care of his
companions.
In addition, his patrol team’s recent patrol area included the former Chief’s
mausoleum.
Valer had brownish-yellow hair that resembled Derrick’s and a thick beard.
His favorite pastime was fighting with others. Upon hearing that, he said
with a smile, “The six-member council has just ordered our team to skip the
area of the former Chief’s mausoleum. And this area is the last spot for our
patrol mission.
“Let’s go to the training field. Let’s get some exercise!”
The six-member council has specially ordered the patrolling teams to skip
that area? They plan to open the former Chief’s entrance today? I wonder
what will happen… I hope there’s no sinister plot on Elder Lovia’s side…
Derrick was alarmed as he hurriedly built connections, but he was at a loss.
Just as he hesitantly wore his clothes in preparation to join Valer at the
training field, a shadow grew out from the dark ends of the street and said,
“Derrick Berg, the Chief has requested you visit him at the spire.”