Chapter 347

: Zombie and Werewolf
Running ahead of the group was Maric. His disheveled hair was completely
blown back by the wind, and his expression was twisted and hideous.
He was even faster than a steam locomotive at its peak speed. With a
whoosh, he arrived at the entrance to the clearing.
But even so, he was still unable to escape from his pursuers.
The closest figure to him was a man who had the same pale complexion as
himself, with indistinct, dark patches on his face, as if they were healing
marks from rotting wounds. The malice in his eyes was completely
undisguised and unrestrained. He looked more like a zombie who was
craving fresh flesh rather than a human being, and Klein guessed that he
was Jason, a Sequence 6.
The distance between Jason and Maric remained within seven or eight
meters, sometimes lengthening; sometimes shortening. This repeated again
and again, as they ventured back and forth.
More than ten meters behind them, a figure was left far behind. It was a thin
but muscular man; his hair was shaved very short, and his hair stood erect
like spikes.
As he swung his arms, the tip of his palms flashed with a metallic light,
reflecting the weak crimson moonlight. Those were black fingernails which
were as long as daggers!
Werewolf Tyre… Klein chanted the person’s Sequence and name silently. In
his mind, the wall that was splashed with blood appeared in his mind. It was
a scene with intestines and limbs splattered all over the ground.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
Maric used all his strength as he ran while Jason gritted his teeth and ran as
fast as he could. At some point, the healed dark spots on his face began to
swell, as if some sort of rotten liquid was about to ooze out.
The two of them left the puddles of water and moist soil that were turning
into white frost in their wake.
The withered weeds were lifted up by the wind created by the two of them.
As they slowly fell down, they began to rot and decay at a speed visible to
the naked eye.
Suddenly, a pale hand reached out of the frosted soil and accurately grabbed
Jason’s ankle.
Pa!
Jason twisted his body and forcefully kicked out, breaking the hand’s wrist
and sending it flying. The remaining stump’s flesh and blood had long since
rotten, and white maggots struggled to squirm outwards.
Maric stopped, pinched his lips with his right hand, and let out a shrill
whistle.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
The soil in different parts of the clearing were lifted, and the expressionless
corpses sat up.
At the same time, a chilly wind suddenly swirled. Countless transparent
shadows seemed to have caught the scent of a bloody feast, and none of
them wanted to fall behind as they rushed towards Jason. Some pulled his
arms, some pulled his calves, and some even hugged his head.
Jason stopped and grunted.
The shadows flew out, one after another—some of them screamed
miserably and disappeared, while others stayed in their original spots, lost.
At almost the same time, Maric and Jason both raised their right hands,
thumbs held up beside their forefingers, with their index fingers aiming at
each other.
Silently, the air between them exploded as black wisps of air billowed
upwards.
Maric took a step back, and a few strands of his disheveled hair withered in
a blink of an eye and fluttered to the ground.
“Maric, you’re still so weak. You still don’t understand how to use the
power of desire!” Jason said with a low, hoarse laugh.
At this moment, Werewolf Tyre had already arrived at his side. As for
Steve, the Sequence 5 Beyonder in charge of the operation, was nowhere to
be found.
“Don’t be in such a hurry to finish off Maric. Wait for Sharron to come and
save him, Lord Steve is about to arrive,” Werewolf Tyre whispered to Jason.
He then extended his bright red tongue and licked his lips.
“I wonder what Sharron will look like when she has her clothes off…”
Before he could finish his sentence, he suddenly saw Jason turn his head.
His face was deathly pale, and there were two identical figures in his eyes.
Black regal dress, light blonde hair, exquisite face, and pale skin!
Pa!
He struck out with both palms and gripped Werewolf Tyre’s neck. The
creaking sound of bones giving way sounded out.
Wraith Sharron had attacked!
Tyre inhaled sharply, making his neck bulge like a water pipe. It grew
strands of stiff black hair and briefly resisted the force that would snap his
windpipe and neck.
His eyes gradually rolled backward, showing its whites as his red tongue
hung out and sticky saliva drooled down his lips.
However, his right hand had accurately reached into his pocket. He had
cracked a preset spirituality seal!
The empty clearing, together with the warehouses, suddenly lit up as
crimson moonlight filled the entire area.
Jason’s grip on Werewolf Tyre’s neck began to weaken, and a figure in a
small, soft hat appeared behind him.
Tyre’s face broke into a smile that was both smug and cruel. His right hand
took out a miniature “full moon” from his pocket, a crimson “full moon!”
It was a dark red accessory that constantly emitted a serene luster. Shaped
like a full moon, it had crimson rubies embedded along its circumference.
In the middle was a symbol that symbolized the moon, as well as many
other mysterious labels.
Sharron narrowed her eyes instinctively and retreated two steps back. Her
incorporeality slowly receded.
Her legs no longer seemed capable of supporting her weight. She fell limply
to the ground, her black and complicated regal dress stained with dust and
mud.
Werewolf Tyre raised the palm-sized round accessory high up into the air,
laughing as he gasped for breath.
“Lord Steve was right. You would definitely attempt to counterattack. And
Sharron, your target for possession would definitely be Jason, whose
Sequence is higher than mine. Therefore, the Scarlet Lunar Corona was
given to me.
“Guess, where is he now?”
This… This isn’t as Sharron had expected… It seems like I can only choose
the best opportunity to strike myself… Klein frowned as he heard this, and
he forcefully suppressed the anxiety in his heart.
At this point, Werewolf Tyre was in no hurry to attack. He knew that the
longer the effects of the Scarlet Lunar Corona lasted, the weaker Sharron
would become, and the more Maric would be in pain.
In Jason’s cold eyes, which usually had a hint of savagery and madness,
there was no longer any rationality in them left.
He was also affected by the Scarlet Lunar Corona, but he was used to
indulging in his desires, so he didn’t feel any pain. Instead, he felt a thirst
for the fresh flesh before his eyes.
Gasp!
Jason let out a low, inhuman growl from his throat. His exposed skin and
hair turned white.
At that moment, Sharron raised her arms with difficulty and used her left
hand to remove the black glove that she wore on her right palm. Jason
happened to lunge at her, and a thin layer of ice covered the soil around her!
Suddenly, endless rays of light burst forth from Sharron’s palm.
As they fed on Sharron’s spirituality, they interweaved in front of the doll-
like lady to form a bronze door, which was covered with mysterious
patterns and filled with an indescribable smell.
The door swung open with a creak and a crack appeared!
From the crack, pairs of pale or transparent hands or arms covered in teeth
or bloody, skinless arms, stretched out, crossed the void, and grabbed
Zombie Jason!
Indescribable pairs of eyes were hidden in the darkness behind the door,
quietly watching the prey in front of them.
Before he could even react, Jason was grabbed by the arms, and he was
entangled by smooth and incorporeal tentacles! These tentacles were dark-
green vines that had countless baby faces protruding out!
These strange entities were crying and laughing as they tried to drag
Zombie Jason behind the door.
Even though his thoughts were completely controlled by his bloodlust and
the urge to kill, Jason instinctively felt afraid.
Gasp!
The sound from his throat suddenly intensified, and layers of frost
immediately appeared on the worrisome-looking arm. The dark-green vines
that protruded from the babies’ faces emitted painful groans as they
continuously dripped with decayed, turbid yellow liquid.
The pulling force abated, but it did not disappear.
Jason kept directing ghosts to interfere, but it was like throwing a stone into
the sea. Even when he tried to use spells from Death’s domain, they failed
to deliver any striking results.
His body began moving uncontrollably towards the crack of the illusory
mysterious door. Occasionally, he would manage to struggle and retreat a
little.
As he had taken a sedative in advance, Maric was not completely taken
down by the pain. Taking advantage of this, he took out the last two
sedatives, broke the bottle with a snap, and drank one and a half glasses in
one go.
The suppressed malice in his eyes weakened, and his twisted expression
returned to normal. He swept his gaze at Werewolf Tyre.
At the same time, with a swoosh, Tyre’s thin but muscular body disappeared
and reappeared more than ten meters away.
As his figure began outlining itself, an illusory image was left behind. A
black aura that seemed to be alive rose up from the ground, pierced through
the remnant images, and disappeared with a flicker.
Tyre hadn’t used Blink, as his Sequence didn’t have the corresponding
Beyonder powers to do so.
He had relied on the Scarlet Lunar Corona to push him to his maximum
speed!
The speed at which he moved at produced afterimages!
At that moment, Klein, who was hiding in the shadows at the top of the
warehouse, also reached into his pocket with his left hand, touching the iron
cigarette case. He removed its surface spirituality cage and gently opened
the case.
He was sure that Wraith Steve had already arrived at the scene; otherwise,
Jason definitely would’ve been dragged behind the terrible door if the
deadlock continued. As for Wraith Tyre, despite being augmented by the
Scarlet Lunar Corona, he was unable to instantly finish Maric off. When
Sharron aimed the Door of Mysteries at the Werewolf, the Scarlet Lunar
Corona would end up changing owners.
As soon as Klein’s fingers touched the All-Black Eye inside the metal
cigarette case, his mind filled with crazy, foul, and terrifying ravings!
There were terrifying ravings that made his blood vessels bulge. He felt as
though his eyes were cracking, and his head could explode at any moment.
And in the midst of these ravings, Klein saw strange, mysterious, and
illusory black threads. They were divided into groups, some of them
extending to Sharron’s body, some of them from Werewolf Tyre. They
intertwined with each other without entangling themselves as they extended
into the void.
Among them, many of the black lines came from a spot not far away from
Maric, and they didn’t overlap!
Wraith Steve! He wants to possess Maric! With a thought, Klein retracted
his left hand.
Instead of drawing his gun to shoot, he snapped his fingers without making
much of a sound.
Boom!
An explosion suddenly occurred between the two warehouses. The raging
flames and heat caused a figure wearing a black double-breasted frock coat
to float out.
After catching the attention of the others, Klein quickly drew his gun and
pulled the trigger at the spot he remembered.
At the same time, the dark golden Sunbird brooch on his chest flashed with
a ray of light.
He added Cleave of Purification to the purifying bullet!
Bang!
The bullet shot out with a faint golden beam of light.