Chapter 1358

: Conversation
The Evernight Goddess’s projection calmly said, “For ‘Him’ or ‘Them,’ we
are unable to defeat or stop ‘Them.’ All we can do is resist and suppress
‘Them.'”
Perhaps, at certain times, a tiny oversight or relaxing even the slightest will
turn us into “Him”… On the path of being a Beyonder, danger is always
accompanying us. No one knows when one will fall into the abyss… Klein
silently added a few words for the Evernight Goddess.
He thought for a moment and asked, “Did you cause some sort of
disturbance when I was born?”
Seemingly fused with the surroundings, the Evernight Goddess nodded
slightly.
“I used the Uniqueness in Antigonus to indirectly affect Sefirah Castle to
‘Tamper’ the Beyonder characteristic that accompanied your birth to the
Forsaken Land of the Gods.”
Indeed… Klein sighed and frowned.
“The Uniqueness of Antigonus can indirectly influence Sefirah Castle?”
The Evernight Goddess’s projection replied gently like a lullaby, “‘He’ has
already lost control.
“This also means that ‘His’ self-awareness is no longer able to suppress the
Lord of the Mysteries’s will in ‘Him.’ The two psyches are stitched
together, revealing the most primitive, most instinctual, and also most
bloody and crazy side.
“And the Lord of the Mysteries is the former owner of Sefirah Castle. The
present Antigonus can indirectly influence Sefirah Castle by using this
identity very naturally.”
It’s no wonder the Evernight Goddess has a greater understanding of the
strange door of light than Emperor Roselle. On the one hand, “She” was
born from Sefirah Castle, and on the other hand, “She” had imprisoned the
crazy Antigonus… Klein was enlightened as he continued asking, “Why
didn’t you have any Beyonder characteristics accompanying you and
Roselle when both of you were born?”
In that case, be it the Evernight Goddess or Emperor Roselle, they
definitely would’ve chosen one of the Seer, Apprentice, or Marauder
pathways.
The Evernight Goddess’s projection said indifferently, “This is also why I
said that something unknown had happened to the Lord of the Mysteries,
causing many of the prior arrangements to be out of control.
After two consecutive failures, Sefirah Castle experienced a certain change.
“This is also a good thing for you. As the apocalypse arrives, the remnant
will of the Lord of the Mysteries has dissipated. In the end, all that’s left is a
mental imprint that’s attempting to awaken.
“If you were born in the Fourth Epoch, you would’ve become ‘Him’ the
moment you became an Attendant of Mysteries.”
This was because Klein had used the “curtain” left behind by the Celestial
Worthy during his advancement. As for the Beyonder characteristics in the
bodies of Antigonus and Zaratul, they had undergone generations of
Beyonders and Beyonder creatures, diluting and wearing off the will.
Klein had a nagging feeling that the Evernight Goddess had some guesses
about what had happened to the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings. However, since “She” deliberately didn’t mention it, it wasn’t
appropriate for him to probe further. All he could do was say, “How did
Antigonus manage to accommodate The Fool’s Uniqueness?”
The Evernight Goddess’s dream projection didn’t hide anything as “She”
replied gently, “‘He’ sought the help of Adam and Amon.
“‘They’ were supporting Alista Tudor back then.”
Using the abilities of the Trojan Horse of Destiny? Klein acutely grasped
the core reason based on Will Auceptin’s explanation and his inference.
The Evernight Goddess’s projection that was like the starry sky of the night
quietly comforted “Her” surroundings.
“‘They’ captured a demigod from the Solomon Empire and got Adam to do
a deeper level hypnotism act and a transplant of the corresponding memory,
making him believe that he was Antigonus.
“Then, with Amon working with Antigonus, ‘He’ stole Antigonus’s identity
and fate while Antigonus used the ‘Tampering’ authority to combine the
identity and fate with the experimental subject.
“That demigod from the Solomon Empire began living in the state of
Antigonus, and after some time, he took the initiative to accommodate The
Fool’s Uniqueness.
“‘He’ undoubtedly lost control. At this moment, the real Antigonus removed
the ‘Tampering,’ allowing ‘His’ identity and fate to return into Amon’s
hands. Amon ended the theft and returned them to the original owner.”
Klein listened attentively and added thoughtfully, “If that’s the case, it’s
equivalent to ‘Antigonus failing to accommodate the Uniqueness and
turning into a monster’ and ‘a perfectly well Antigonus with no problems at
all.’ The two completely different fates existed in the real world at the same
time. Therefore, fate has been fooled to a certain extent…
Before he finished his sentence, Klein sensed some latent problems and
hurriedly asked, “Aren’t there problems with this?”
“It’s very risky,” the Evernight Goddess’s dream projection calmly replied.
“Fate isn’t easy to bear. If one can’t retrieve the fate from the target in that
short period of time while he’s losing control, things will undoubtedly fail.
Retrieving it a second earlier will not achieve the effect of the ritual.
Retrieving it a second later will lead to Antigonus shouldering the fate of
losing control and inevitably end up with the same outcome.”
That’s right. One has to naturally bear the burden of the troubles brought
about by fate… If not for that, Amon would’ve long stolen my fate and
swaggered into Sefirah Castle… Klein mumbled inwardly as he began to
think about how he should imitate the ritual of the Antigonus family’s
ancestor.
It was difficult to complete a normal ritual, and with the urgency of the
matter, using a simplified ritual to accommodate The Fool Uniqueness was
the best option.
Once I become The Half-Fool, my control over Sefirah Castle will improve.
My level and strength will at least reach the level of a true god. This way,
even if I face a dual pathway true god like Amon, I’ll be able to protect
myself and wait for reinforcements even if I’m not a match for “Him”… As
Klein thought about the strength match-up and development he hoped for,
he began coming up with a preliminary ritual plan.
He planned on using the Evernight Goddess’s help to suppress the
Antigonus family’s ancestor and use Sefirah Castle to steal “His” identity,
fate, and self-awareness.
This way, his body would have his own consciousness, the will of the
Celestial Worthy, Antigonus ancestor’s self-awareness, as well as the
anchors from the New City of Silver, New Moon City, and Rorsted
Archipelago. He would also become Antigonus to a certain extent and
accept “His” fate of losing control and going mad.
The reason why Antigonus went crazy was that “His” self-awareness could
no longer suppress the awakening Celestial Worthy—the two psyches were
stitched together. When “His” self-awareness reached Klein’s body, “He”
would undoubtedly repeat the same process. This was because the Celestial
Worthy’s will in Klein’s body was no less than the one in “His” actual body.
In other words, the fate of losing control and madness was unavoidable.
Klein believed that there wouldn’t be any additional burden when bearing
it. At the same time, with him having more anchors than Antigonus, his own
consciousness could remain center stage and in a harmonious state,
maintaining a sliver of rationality.
In such a state, he would use the identity of the Antigonus family’s ancestor
to accommodate The Fool’s Uniqueness. And in the corresponding fate, this
was something that “He” had long accommodated, so it wouldn’t bring
about any further repercussions.
Hence, fate had been fooled.
After the ritual ended, Klein would remove his theft and restore his original
identity and fate, and no longer be affected by the madness, allowing him to
become The Half-Fool.
The main problem of this plan was in two places: First, it was to maintain
his own state. Any slight accident could easily cause Klein to go crazy and
be powerless to save himself. Second, no one knew for sure how much the
Celestial Worthy’s will in the body of the Antigonus family’s ancestor
would awaken or bring about unsuppressed changes. He could only rely on
the Evernight Goddess to balance it out.
At this moment, the Evernight Goddess’s projection seemed to have
guessed his thoughts.
“If you wish to steal the fate of Antigonus, it’s best to let ‘Him’ enter a
temporary state of eternal slumber.
“I can try to help you, but I need a medium to have the necessary
confidence. This is an angel that had accommodated The Fool’s
Uniqueness.”
“What medium?” Klein asked, seemingly in thought.
The Evernight Goddess’s projection said with a smile, “The river water of
the River of Eternal Darkness.”
As expected… To Klein, this answer wasn’t surprising at all. It was even
within his expectations. This made him feel rooted to the ground.
He deliberated for a moment and said, “Just the river water?”
The Evernight Goddess’s projection nodded slightly and said, “You won’t
be able to take away the entire River of Eternal Darkness at the moment.
You’ll understand once you reach the depths of Calderón City.
“You can ask the questions when you’re back.”
Without waiting for Klein to answer, “She” added, “For you, there’s an
unusual danger there. You better wait until your mental state is stable before
you go.”
“Alright.” Although Klein didn’t know what he would encounter in the
depths of Calderón City, he knew that he wasn’t in the right state to take
risks, especially when it involved a sefirah.
The Evernight Goddess’s projection continued, “When you wake up, hold a
bestowment ritual. I will give you an item that can be used to scoop up the
river water of the River of Eternal Darkness.”
Klein nodded and said without a word, “Adam is part of the ancient sun
god, one of ‘His’ identities.”
The Evernight Goddess’s projection didn’t show any obvious signs of
emotion. “She” gently said, “‘He’ has already gone to the Forsaken Land of
the Gods and met the True Creator.”
That’s fast… After feeling a little surprised, Klein felt that it was only right.
The reason why Adam allowed the secret to be exposed was that the secret
was no longer of value.
The Evernight Goddess’s projection continued, “No matter what happens
next, it will take a long period of time. You don’t have to pay attention to it
for now.”
After Klein nodded, the figure in front of him quickly turned blurry. The
night vanilla and slumber flowers under his feet flew up one after another,
scattering throughout the darkness.
He opened his eyes and saw the dark hall and the pure light shining through
the holes in the wall. The latter were like stars embedded into a velvet night
sky.