Chapter 958

Labeling
Dark red beams shot up, materializing into different figures on both sides of
the long bronze table.
The unchanging silence above the gray fog was broken as the eternal palace
seemed to have an additional, inexplicable sense of life to it.
Just as Justice Audrey regained her senses of her surroundings, she prepared
to stand up to greet the existence at the end of the long bronze table.
At this moment, as a senior Spectator, she acutely noticed a difference:
There were two more members than last week!
One of them was a man sitting to the right of Mr. Moon. The other was a
lady sitting to the left of The Hermit.
Audrey first felt happy that the Tarot Club was developing and becoming
stronger, but then she kept to her professional instincts and quickly began
observing
Due to where she sat, the man opposite her was much easier to observe
compared to the lady two seats away from her. Therefore, she placed her
attention on the man.
Black hair… Green eyes… He doesn’t wear a coat… A vest matched with a
shirt… He sits a little oddly. He’s not accustomed to sitting properly… He’s
probably about 180 cm tall… He has quite a desultory temperament… He’s
rather tense… At one glance, Justice Audrey had “read” plenty of
information from the rather blurry figure.
She then noticed something different.
The man was quickly surveying his surroundings.
Such an action wasn’t a problem in itself. Anyone who came to this strange
and secret location would definitely subconsciously size up the other
members and attempt to grasp their traits and general situation so as to calm
down. But the problem was that the man was moving his gaze too quickly!
His gaze had swept past The Moon, The Hanged Man, and the other
members without pausing.
To Audrey, this was a very clear phenomenon. It didn’t mean that the man
was observing his surroundings and studying the members, but that he was
finding someone!
He was looking for someone he had in mind!
Audrey instantly felt a little excited, as she believed that this newcomer
knew one of the members present!
Who could it be? She observed for another second and realized that the man
sitting diagonally opposite her had fixed his gaze on The World Gehrman
Sparrow.
Audrey was thrilled as though she had discovered a secret. She thought in
enlightenment, The newcomer is a friend of Mr. World, or it’s at least the
case that they know each other in the real world. He also knows that he’s a
Tarot Club member…
Or it could also be said that Mr. World had inducted him into the
gathering… No, that’s not very possible. If that were the case, the
newcomer would be much more certain. He wouldn’t be eagerly searching
for someone he knows. He definitely would’ve placed his gaze on the other
members for a longer period of time…
Furthermore, such an action also proves that he’s not a Blessed of Mr. Fool.
What is his relationship with Mr. World?
Audrey held onto her thoughts of continuing to observe as she stood up and
turned to face the seat
of honor.
During this process, she took the opportunity to sweep her gaze at the new
member sitting beside Ma’am Hermit.
She’s exchanging looks with Miss Magician… Her height… Xio has finally
passed the test and joined the gathering? Upon identifying her, Audrey did a
curtsy towards the figure shrouded in gray fog.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~”
Just as she issued the brisk greeting, she realized something:
Mr. Fool is a little different from before.
This great existence seemed to be more one with the entire gray fog, palace,
and space. “His” aura was lofty and mighty, like the sea or sky.
This feeling isn’t something that can be described with words… Mr. Fool
has taken one more step to “His” awakening, allowing him to retrieve more
of “His” authority over “His” divine kingdom? Audrey’s eyes darted
around, feeling curious and delighted, as well as a little sense of pride.
At this moment, The Hanged Man Alger and The Hermit Cattleya had
noticed the two new members. They noticed that the lady was a little short
and was secretly exchanging signals with Miss Magician. She was both
unfamiliar but also familiar with the Tarot Gathering. At the very least, she
was unlike the man in the white shirt and black vest. He had frantically
stood up only after everyone began bowing.
In addition, they sensed that the new male member took special notice of
The World Gehrman Sparrow, causing them to have many guesses.
These thoughts resonated in their minds, but they didn’t express them. The
Hanged Man and The Hermit completed the usual first steps of the
gathering with Miss Justice.
As for The Sun Derrick, he was just happy because the Tarot Club had new
members again! The Moon Emlyn had mixed feelings. On the one hand, he
felt a sense of superiority being more senior compared to the newcomers,
but on the other hand, he had a feeling that there were just too many
messiahs for the apocalypse.
After some searching, The Star Leonard determined that the one sitting at
the bottom end of the long bronze table was Klein Moretti. This was
because his physical characteristics were similar to that of Gehrman
Sparrow’s description.
He’s hiding his true identity… He doesn’t relax even in such a secretive
gathering, using two levels of disguises. I have to take note… Just as this
thought flashed across his mind, Leonard saw the girl sitting to the left of
Mr. Fool stand up. Then, she led everyone into bowing.
He was taken aback, failing to react in time. He stood out when amongst all
the standing members.
After a second, Leonard snapped back to his senses and hurriedly stood up
to deliver the greeting.
Opposite him, Xio glanced at him, equating him to Fors to a certain extent.
Fors shared the same thought; however, she had equated the man with Xio
to a certain extent. This was because Xio had appeared rather unreliable
when they first met.
“This is The Star, and this is Judgment. Take your seats and introduce
yourself.” The Fool Klein raised his right hand and casually pointed.
The name “The Star” keeps making me think that it’s the code name for a
lady… As Leonard thought in exasperation, he focused and began labeling
the members in the order of their introduction.
Miss Justice. Seems like a young lady, but she might’ve donned two levels
of disguise like Klein… She’s rather optimistic and cheerful. Although I
can’t tell the details of her attire, it appears to be very classy…
Mr. Hanged Man. Burly, restrained. He’s likely to be a straightforward but
rash person…
Miss Magician. The way she looks at me is weird. From time to time, she
will glance at Klein. I’ve no idea what’s on her mind. She seems rather
ordinary overall with nothing standing out…
Mr. Sun. He’s very tall, but the way he speaks sounds like he’s going
through puberty. Although he’s silent, he does seem rather friendly…
Miss Hermit-uh, Ma’am Hermit. She exudes a mature and staid demeanor.
She’s likely a very experienced Beyonder…
Mr. Moon. Rather young and looks a little reserved. Makes me feel like I’ve
seen him somewhere before, but I can’t recall it. I’ll continue observing…
Miss Judgment. Very short with very obvious traits. However, I can’t be
sure if she has donned two levels of disguises…
The World. Very, very gloomy. This is likely his disguise… Well, it might
also be his true nature… He wasn’t a demigod before, meaning that this
gathering has no lack of Mid-Sequence Beyonders. I wonder if I’m the
weakest one…
As Leonard was observing the other members, Judgment Xio Derecha was
also using her powers as a Sheriff to extract the traits of the different
members and keeping them in mind.
A noble lady… Sailor or a crewmember… Rather young and introverted,
but it’s not serious… Rather strong. The leader of at least a mid-sized
team… Arrogant, of pretty good family background… Desultory, not
staid… Gloomy, terrifying…
Amidst their thoughts, the other members finished their self-introduction.
The Hermit Cattleya looked towards the end of the long bronze table and
said with a bow, “Honorable Mr. Fool, I didn’t receive any new Roselle
diary pages this time.”
Didn’t receive… Does this mean that Queen Mystic didn’t reply? I wonder
what Bernadette is busy with… The Fool Klein nodded and calmly replied,
“Begin the transactions then.”
As he said that, Audrey noticed the reactions of The Hermit and The
Hanged Man. She realized that they had yet to notice Mr. Fool turning
loftier and sublime.
Was I the only one who noticed it? Audrey darted her eyes slightly in
thought, feeling somewhat poignant and a little happy.
Of course, she also knew that Ma’am Hermit and Mr. Hanged Man didn’t
dare to look at Mr. Fool too much, especially the former. Most of the time,
she only dared to look at the table edge in front of Mr. Fool.
Table edge… Eh, there’s an additional Card of Blasphemy! Audrey’s gaze
froze before she retracted it in pleasant surprise.
With her intuition as a Spectator, she was quite certain that the obtaining of
the new Card of Blasphemy was likely to be the same matter as The World
Gehrman Sparrow’s mental problems but with different outcomes.
She hesitated for a moment and observed the area.
“I have nothing I need.”
Cattleya, Derrick, Emlyn, and Fors had already made preparations and were
about to advance; therefore, they didn’t have any requests. Likewise for
Alger who was still digesting his potion.
Instead, it was Leonard who had the desire to purchase a mystical item.
However, with no one showing him an example, he was momentarily
unsure how to begin. All he could do was divert some attention to
considering Mr. Fool’s need for Roselle diaries.
After selling Tinder, he wasn’t lacking in money. Furthermore, having had
the experience using Creeping Hunger, he realized that having a powerful
mystical item was rather useful.
At this point, Fors looked at the silent Xio before looking opposite her.
“Mr. Hanged Man, I have a material that I wish to be made into a mystical
item by that Artisan.”
She was referring to the ancient wraith powder that Xio had.
Alger shook his head.
“That Artisan has been controlled by some members of the Rose School of
Thought who believe in the Primordial Moon. That’s all I know. The
subsequent matters have been left to Ma’am Hermit to handle.”
Rose School of Thought… Primordial Moon believers… Left to Ma’am
Hermit to handle… Leonard and Xio looked around and suddenly realized
that the gathering they were participating in wasn’t as loose as they
imagined.
They were secretly traversing through the shadows of the world!