Chapter 883

: Demigod’s Appraisal
In the book world, just as Klein appeared in the city outskirts, he
immediately took out remnant parts of the dark red soil and picked up a
withered branch. Using rod divination, he found the Tutanssess II mummy.
He was worried that this manifestation of hexes would harm the residents
here. Although the book world didn’t have any lack of Sequence 5
Beyonders, and the Tutanssess II mummy remained in a muddled state
having lost the stimulus from Azik’s copper whistle, it was still a demigod
when it was alive. The hexes that its corpse produced after his death were
bound to be extraordinary. Even Klein himself didn’t dare approach it if not
for the anti-hex golden bead that Sharron had given him.
Of course, Klein had also weighed the consequences before deciding on
using Groselle’s Travels to steal the mummy. His previous experiences and
the encounters of others had proven one thing: Outsiders would not directly
appear before the natives when they entered the book world. It required
exploration before any contact was made. This was especially so for the
first time!
Therefore, Klein believed that the mummy was likely left somewhere
uninhabited. And with this zombie’s condition, it was likely to be engaging
in a random walk. It would be difficult for it to explore in different
directions autonomously like humans, elves, or giants.
This also meant that, as long as he didn’t drag it out, it wasn’t likely for
there to be any losses. Furthermore, it had only been about three minutes
since Klein smeared the blood-soaked soil across the book’s cover.
Following the direction led by rod divination, Klein flew towards a nearby
mountain peak. Soon, he came to a valley.
At this moment, the Tutanssess II mummy wrapped in yellowish-brown
bandages and was dyed red from liquids had appeared. It was still wearing
the golden mask with patterns across it.
Its throat was letting out an inhuman sound as it rushed over with wide
strides. The surroundings turned gloomy.
At the same time, many incomplete animal carcasses tore away the soil
covering them in the valley as they staggered towards Klein.
Having his Spirit Body augmented by Azik’s copper whistle, Klein
immediately chuckled.
“What a warm welcome…”
He unhurriedly threw away the branch and raised a blob of black matter.
This was a Soul Assurer’s Beyonder characteristic which he had released
from the mutated version of Creeping Hunger. At its core was pure
shimmering light that looked like a night sky embedded with stars.
Invisible waves spread out in a turbulent manner as the surroundings
suddenly darkened as though night had fallen at once.
The serene and peaceful feeling was accompanied by the fall of starlight.
The animal carcasses first turned sluggish before collapsing, returning to
their eternal rest.
The mummy also slowed down its pace, its motions growing slower and
slower. But it didn’t lie back down.
Directly using a Beyonder characteristic isn’t very effective after all.
Furthermore, the negative effects are nothing trivial… Klein couldn’t help
but cover his mouth with his left hand to yawn.
He made Creeping Hunger turn pale and become dyed in a gloomy green. It
used the power of a Zombie to control the deceased in front of him.
The two stacked Beyonder effects finally calmed the mummy down.
With embedded onyx gems for eyes, it slowly walked to Klein’s side and
stood there silently as though it was the most professional servant.
Unfortunately, it has hexes… From inside his Spirit Body, Klein
immediately took out a golden bead with the styles of the ancient Highlands
Kingdom. On its surface was deeply engraved bluish-green patterns.
It came from Sharron and was specially prepared for the Tutanssess II
mummy. It could effectively suppress and put an end to the hexes.
Otherwise, how could the Wraith dare to cast her sights on the Pharaoh
mummy?
After twiddling the golden bead, Klein made the Tutanssess II mummy
open its mouth before stuffing the bead into the mask’s gap where the
mouth was.
In just a few seconds, the gloominess of the surroundings vanished.
After doing all of this, he took a step forward and, with his Spirit Body
state, possessed the mummy. Then, without any hesitation, he ended the
summoning and returned above the gray fog.
This mummy had already become his zombie, allowing him to release it
just like he did with his former marionette, Senor. There was no need for
him to store it in his body.
After doing a bestowment, the mummy which was rich in spirituality
returned to the real world and arrived inside the cheap motel.
After Klein cleaned up the traces, he reached out his right hand, about to
grab the mummy’s shoulder and Teleport back to the two-bedroom
apartment where Maric and Sharron were.
But after taking a look at the oil-stained yellowish-brown bandages and the
dark red liquid on it, Klein silently retracted his right hand and switched to
using his gloved left hand.
After holding the mummy’s shoulder with his left hand, he immediately
began to fade, and this effect quickly spread across his body.
In just a flash, Klein and the mummy had returned to the apartment from
before.
He wasn’t in a rush to open the door to present it to Sharron and Maric. He
took out his golden pocket watch and opened it.
Another 36 seconds before it’s five minutes… Klein made the mummy pull
out a chair and sit down leisurely.
After a while, he finally heard a knock on the door.
“Come on in,” Klein replied with a smile as he controlled the mummy to
walk over.
When the door creaked open, the thin figure with the golden, patterned
mask and yellowish-brown bandages was reflected in the duo’s eyes.
This figure’s onyx gems shimmered before it swiftly lay itself down on the
ground.
“…”
Momentarily, Sharron and Maric were at a loss for words.
Having already used a wall of spirituality to isolate Azik’s copper whistle,
Klein dispelled his control over the zombie and pointed at it with a smile.
“I’m leaving the rest to you.”
And that brings the curtain down for my directed play… Klein commented
inwardly as he silently took in the sensation of his potion rapidly digesting.
This made him believe that it didn’t need to take him up until the end of the
year to consider the problem of advancing to the level of a demigod. It
might be expedited by two or even three months.
Furthermore, with this digestion, the number of marionettes he could
control finally rose to two. The maximum limit reached 200 meters. Faced
with enemies with the same level of Spirit Body as his, gaining initial
control of the target and completely converting them into a marionette was
respectively reduced to ten seconds and 150 seconds. The range had also
been expanded to ten meters.
“You really… succeeded…” Maric’s eyes stared at the Tutanssess II
mummy as he couldn’t help but mutter.
He could never have imagined that they could succeed!
Sherlock Moriarty had managed to successfully steal something four
demigods and two terrifying Sealed Artifacts were vying for!
Furthermore, this gentleman had previously returned empty-handed!
Could it be that the mummy had delivered itself?
Deep inside Sharron’s blue eyes, her emotions were concealed and they
were completely calm. She scrutinized the “target.”
After confirming that it was the Pharaoh mummy and that it was Tutanssess
II, she cast her gaze to Sherlock Moriarty who was seated with his legs
crossed.
She opened her mouth slightly before closing them.
“Thank you.
“I’ll mail you the corresponding payment.”
“I’ll wish you, uh—all the best in everything,” Klein replied sincerely.
He then silently had a poignant thought.
If Miss Sharron can successfully advance to Sequence 4, it means I’ll have
an additional demigod-level helper! The saying from the Foodaholic
Empire is apt—rely on your parents at home, depend on your friends when
out. The more demigod-level friends, the merrier! Our Tarot Club needs to
develop more friends and reduce our enemies… However, my enemies seem
to be ever-increasing…
Having thought of that, Klein exhorted them.
“Be careful of being hunted down.”
The Tutanssess II mummy had too many of its items in the Loen military’s
possession. It was very simple for them to use Beyonder methods to lock
onto it. Klein’s Paper Angel interference was only effective for a limited
amount of time.
Of course, he believed that Sharron and Maric were prepared; otherwise,
they wouldn’t have had thoughts on stealing the Pharaoh’s mummy.
Likewise, he also believed that they could deal with the origins of the gray-
metal masks and special fireworks.
If it’s Danitz, he would most likely say, It didn’t cross my mind… Klein did a
comparison with a particular Hunter failure.
Sharron nodded, indicating that she would take note. Then, she made the
Tutanssess II mummy into her zombie and brought it into the spirit world.
“Thank you for your help.” Maric, who stayed behind in the room, exhaled.
He composed his surging emotions and bowed at Sherlock Moriarty.
Following that, he left the room, removed his disguise, and blended into the
crowd in East Borough.
During this process, Klein remained sitting in his chair as he silently
watched them leave.
At some point in time, his figure also vanished.
…
In an apartment near Pritz Harbor.
The Loen military’s golden-eyed demigod entered and said to his partner,
the lady in the evening gown, “Nothing for now.”
“That’s expected. If he wasn’t certain of success, that mysterious person
wouldn’t have come to steal the Tutanssess II mummy,” the lady said in a
heavy voice. “However, we can relax our investigation scope. Those
fireworks, that mask, those clothes, and that taunting bow should lead us to
something.”
She was certain that the Tutanssess II mummy’s loss wasn’t done by the
two Rose School of Thought demigods. If it was part of their plan, there
was no need for them to carry out that step only when they were in dire
straits. They had almost failed to escape.
The golden-eyed demigod nodded and said, “I had a premonition that
something would happen, but unfortunately, we didn’t work with the
Churches for this operation. We didn’t have enough manpower.”
He paused and asked, “Have you figured out what method that mysterious
person used?”
The lady held up the crown of thorns and stabbed a thorn into her neck. As
blood trickled down, she shook her head.
“Perhaps the removing of the soil with the Tutanssess II mummy’s bodily
fluid is a ritual…
“This is a very cunning fellow who’s good at deceit!”