Chapter 250

: Rich Experience in Courting Death
“Alright.” Klein nodded solemnly.
Sergeant Faxine touched his short hair and said, “There are other
arrangements. I’ll explain them to you in detail, and you can decide on your
own.”
He cast his gaze towards the living room.
Klein made a polite gesture of invitation, then watched as Sergeant Faxine
closed the door behind him, walked over to the sofa, and sat down.
“What are your plans?” Klein kept his coat on, hands still in his pockets.
Faxine leaned forward slightly, clasped his hands, and said, “You should be
well aware that you have offended that ambassador. Tonight or tomorrow
will be the most dangerous period for you.
“The higher-ups have given you three choices. The first is to go to the Holy
Wind Cathedral for two days. I know that you’re a believer of the God of
Steam and Machinery, but Saint Hierländ Cathedral is too far, and it’s easy
for trouble to arise on the way there.”
Kleinn nodded indiscernibly and waited for the sergeant to give him the
second choice.
Suddenly, his vision blurred and his head went numb. He felt as if there was
a layer of thick glass around him.
He saw that Sergeant Faxine’s opening and closing of his mouth was
slowing down, and he noticed that his thoughts had become sluggish.
This feeling was very familiar. Klein suddenly thought of the puppet from
the Antigonus family, Sealed Artifact 2-049!
Back then, he was repeatedly affected in a similar way, but he had been
awakened by Captain Dunn Smith and the others. To ensure that the others
could detect any abnormalities in a timely manner, they kept stretching and
retracting their arms!
The Antigonus family holds the Seer pathway… This person’s ability is
similar to the Antigonus family’s puppet… He is the Mid-Sequence
Beyonder of the Seer pathway… As expected, it’s him… Klein came to his
senses, but there was no Dunn Smith to wake him.
The muscles on Officer Faxine’s face started squirming. Soon, he turned
into a gentleman with black hair and blue eyes. He had a handsome face
and a tiny stubble.
He said with a smile, “Given time, this is one of the most difficult abilities
to deal with for anyone that isn’t a High-Sequence Beyonder.”
As he spoke, Klein saw the image of the woman in the black regal dress
appear in the glass of the oriel window.
She walked slowly and stiffly out of the glass; her blonde hair, her delicate
face, and her pale face made her seem more like a doll than a living person.
“I never thought that you would be able to hire such a powerful bodyguard.
If it wasn’t for my divination ahead of time, I might have died here. What
kind of compensation did you pay? By the way, my name is Rosago.”
Rosago didn’t look back as he continued smiling at Klein, but he didn’t
expect a fluent answer from the man he controlled.
At that moment, he suddenly felt a cold breeze blow across his neck,
causing his hair to stand on end as goosebumps appeared all over his body.
There seemed to be an invisible person at his back, breathing down his
neck!
Rosago laughed, raised his left hand, and snapped his fingers.
Pow!
Flames suddenly soared up from his back, and a transparent shadow was set
ablaze, quickly turning into ashes.
In Klein’s vision, these motions were all broken down into a grid of images.
This wasn’t because his opponent had turned slow, but was a result of his
increasingly sluggish thoughts.
He already has me under control… Why isn’t he directly… killing me… Do
all villains like to engage in lengthy monologues… No, he’s not stupid…
He’s trying to conceal something with this discussion… Klein tried to think,
to figure out the problem, but his thoughts were moving at an irresistibly
slow pace.
He looked intently at Rosago, taking in every detail of his.
Finally, he saw a figure in each of Rosago’s eyes, a figure with blonde hair,
blue eyes, a pale face, and a dark black Gothic regal dress!
And at this moment, the woman was still behind Rosago. She was still near
the oriel window, walking towards him like a manipulated puppet.
He hasn’t really controlled her yet… She’s still trying to resist and
struggle… They are tussling in the realm of mystery… I need to do
something… I need to tip the scales of balance… Klein turned his attention
to the Language of Foulness charm he was holding in his left hand. It was
cold and slippery, filled with evil.
He was glad that he hadn’t let down his guard and maintained a battle-ready
state the entire time.
He could only injure himself to injure his opponent! Klein gathered his
strength and struggled to speak.
His vocal cords seemed to have rotted, and his throat squirmed in difficulty.
He hoarsely said in ancient Hermes with a staccato rhythm, “Foulness!”
As his voice echoed in the air, Klein felt a corrosive pain in his left palm,
and he heard illusory whispers that could drive a person mad.
This was a state that he was familiar with, and it didn’t affect his
subsequent attempts.
The attempt was to inject most of his spirituality into the Language of
Foulness charm which didn’t require the control of his body.
In three seconds, the voice of the True Creator would descend upon the
physical world and burrow into the ears of the creature closest to him!
“3!”
The prelude, the din, the illusory, the evil whispers spread out in an instant.
Klein felt his scalp tingle, his mind abuzz, his veins throbbing. He found it
difficult to focus his mind.
A coffee table away from him, Rosago’s expression had suddenly turned
adrift. His face swelled up as the woman’s figure in his eyes suddenly
became clearer.
“2!”
The pale woman in the black regal dress behind him quickened her actions,
but soon, she frowned in pain.
At this moment, Klein felt the weakening of the influence as he wished,
regaining his smooth thought processes and felt as though his joints were
once again filled with lubricant!
Having experienced ravings all this time, he endured the madness and pain,
quickly pulling out and throwing the Language of Foulness charm from his
left palm at Rosago.
“1!”
The iron-black charm, with its many symbols and sinister-looking patterns,
melted. Rosago had just regained some of his composure and was trying to
leap to the side when he saw a rich darkness and heard a murmur that
contained immense knowledge and extreme madness.
No human being was able to describe such a sound. All the veins in
Rosago’s head protruded as if they were about to explode.
He tumbled to the ground, writhing and struggling as his skin ruptured, inch
by inch, revealing the flesh underneath.
At the same time, Klein and the blonde woman with blue eyes also failed to
resist the pain as they fell to the ground. Each of them let out tragic
screams, the excruciating pain felt like someone had stabbed their temples
with a drill rod.
Their eyes turned bloodshot as red liquid ran down their noses. They could
neither see nor feel the outside world.
The experienced Klein was the first to recover. He staggered to his feet and
saw that Rosago had torn off his clothes and stripped off his skin, exposing
his flesh and veins.
He was like a legendary red monster that had been skinned. He constantly
tumbled around the ground while groaning in pain, as if he was about to
lose control.
Klein didn’t wait for the result, because he couldn’t afford the possibility of
the other party gaining the benefits, as well as becoming a devotee of the
True Creator.
He believed that the evil god was definitely infuriated as well.
Pulling out his revolver and adjusting the barrel to the firing position, Klein
took two steps forward, circled around the coffee table, and put the muzzle
of his gun against Rosago’s head.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Dressed in his black double-breasted suit, he stared at his enemy intently as
he shot five rounds in a row, watching his enemy’s head swell and explode
into a mixture of red, white, and black that splattered all over the floor.
Captain, thank you for demonstrating this to me before… Klein panted
while he lowered his revolver before he beamed brightly.
In front of him, Rosago’s headless corpse faltered a little before collapsing
to the side of the sofa.
Only then did the woman in the black Gothic regal dress stop her screams.
Her struggles and rolling slowed down, but her skin seemed to turn a lot
more translucent.
Seeing the flesh on Rosago’s corpse squirm, Klein didn’t hesitate to use his
self-created Requiem Charm.
Under the calm and serene atmosphere, the corpse finally stopped moving.
Upon seeing this scene, Klein thought of something. He took out another
charm and chanted in a low voice, “Crimson!”
Then, he injected some of his spirituality into it and threw this charm at his
bodyguard—the woman with the pale golden hair and pale white face.
As the slumbering powers emanated, the woman who was still weakened
under the effect of the lingering voices instantly quietened down as she fell
into a deep slumber.
Just to be sure, Klein threw another Slumber Charm, afraid that he would be
interrupted during what he was planning to do next.
15 Minsk Street once again had its peace. This time, nothing was broken;
only the ground was contaminated, as the fight between the three parties
was mystical and beyond the physical realm.
Looking at Rosago’s corpse and then at his sleeping bodyguard, Klein
mocked himself, “It’s also good to court death often. At least I gained some
immunity.”
He didn’t attempt the mediumship ritual immediately because Rosago was
now tainted by the True Creator, and directly communicating with the spirit
was tantamount to committing suicide.
But that didn’t mean Klein had no choice. He planned on doing the
mediumship above the gray fog by bringing Rosago with him!
With his current spirit body’s level, even with the augmentation provided by
Azik’s copper whistle, he was unable to move a portable camera, much less
a corpse that was several times heavier. However, mediumship wasn’t done
with a corpse, but the channeling of the remnant spirituality!
Klein took out a candle, quickly set up a ritual ceremony, summoned
himself, and responded to himself, turning into a special spirit body.
After becoming a spirit, he saw the distinct remnants of Rosago’s
spirituality, and he realized that Miss Bodyguard’s physical condition was a
little strange. She was actually in quite a similar state as he was, but there
were also great differences.
Without wasting any time thinking, Klein carried Azik’s copper whistle,
wrapped the remaining of Rosago’s spirituality, and entered above the gray
fog.
After conjuring the appropriate ritual items and setting up a simple altar,
Klein quickly began the mediumship ritual.
During this process, he was shocked to discover that he no longer needed to
pray to anyone to be able to directly communicate with the spirit. It was like
he was a real spirit medium!
Phew… Is this some special power that I possess in the mysterious space
above the gray fog? A thought flashed through Klein’s mind as he began to
recite the divination statement.
“The potion formulas for the Seer pathway.”