Chapter 1123

: 1123 After the Expedition
1123 After the Expedition
Above the gray fog, when he saw that the City of Silver’s exploration team
had begun embarking on their way back as the Giant King’s palace
remained unchanged, Klein heaved a sigh of relief and leaned back in his
chair, exhausted.
After two hours of observation, his spirituality was nearing its limits. At
most, he could hold out for another fifteen minutes.
Regardless, the things obtained from this expedition completely exceeded
my imagination. It’s only right to give the Silver Knight potion formula to
the City of Silver. As he rubbed his forehead, his thoughts began to wander.
Being aware of these ancient secrets is very helpful to my digestion after
my advancement. The problem now is that my Bizarro Sorcerer potion
hasn’t been fully digested…
From the feedback I’ve been getting over this period of time, it can be seen
that all sorts of strange tales are indeed useful. When Miss Magician
completes the script and publishes it, it just needs some time to build up
some momentum before it’s done.
However, she started writing a few days ago. I don’t know when she will
finish her manuscript…
Why can’t she just write a few more hours every day?
When I went to pick her up this time, I should urge her…
With this in mind, Klein suddenly recalled something. He hadn’t given
Anderson a reward for finding Vice Admiral Ailment.
I’ll wait until he helps Danitz become a Conspirer. Anyway, this was also
part of the agreement… The advancement ritual of an Iron-blooded Knight
isn’t difficult, but it’s not simple either. Especially for a Hunter, it’s even
more troublesome… It requires a Hunter who is adept at provocation and
enjoys coming up with ploys to build a team of at least thirty people, and
also nurture a deep sense of friendship amongst them while making them
strong. When they act almost as one, they’ll set up the ritual… The greater
the strength and camaraderie amongst the team, the better the effects of the
ritual…
Seeing that the City of Silver’s expedition team was returning in an orderly
manner without encountering any accidents, he finally felt at ease. He left
the world above the gray fog and threw himself into bed, falling into a
dream.
After some rest at the Afternoon Town camp, Derrick Berg finally
recovered and his face was no longer as pale.
He had just eaten bread made from Black-Faced Grass powder when a
figure grew out from the shadows outside and said in a low voice, “Derrick,
the Chief is looking for you.”
“Yes.” Derrick subconsciously stood up. “Thank you.”
He was originally prepared to find the Chief and hand over the Silver
Knight potion formula.
After watching the messenger retreat into the shadows, he walked out of the
room and arrived at the clearing where the bonfire was illuminated.
At a glance, Derrick saw many members who hadn’t participated in the
expedition gathered in groups of two or three. They were excitedly
discussing something.
They already knew that one could see the sea from the Giant King’s Court.
They knew that it wasn’t too far from the coast, and as long as they found
the correct path, they would arrive there in no time.
This was an important step for the City of Silver to save themselves after
discovering the outsider, Jack.
The residents of the City of Silver, who mainly had the power of Dawn,
finally saw the light of dawn.
Their long wait and persistence seemed to have paid off.
Derrick could understand the feelings of his team members because he was
the same. However, from The World Gehrman Sparrow, he knew very well
that the waters in the ruins of the battle of gods weren’t that simple. To head
to the other side of the sea would probably be extremely difficult.
Ignoring everything else, just Dark Angel Sasrir, who was sleeping in the
Giant King’s palace and blocking the vital path outside, was a problem that
he couldn’t overcome at the moment.
I can only hope that Mr. Fool will bless me. Yes, for that boy to appear in
the temple ruins, it means that there are other paths that can bypass the
Giant King’s palace and reach the sea… Derrick thought optimistically as
he circled around the quietly burning bonfire and walked towards the Chiefs
room on the other side.
Suddenly, he saw a person sitting silently in the shadow of a boulder.
It was a man in his twenties, and he was much taller than Derrick. He held a
pale gold bracelet with three small bells hanging on it as he looked at it with
his pupils unfocused.
Derrick was no stranger to this man. He knew that he was the husband of
Antiona, Dolores, a Sequence 6 Dawn Paladin.
In the City of Silver, before the age of eighteen, one could date freely until
they were married. And if one didn’t have a partner at the age of eighteen,
they would be arranged to have one. It was the same for widows and
widowers after three years.
This was a necessary measure to ensure the necessary population level for
the City of Silver’s continuation. It seemed like it was against human rights,
but for the continuation of the entire city in the dark lands, it could only be
done this way. Furthermore, this could ensure that everyone had a certain
number of close relatives, preventing the possibility of mutating into a
terrifying evil spirit after their death.
As for Dolores and Antiona, they were neighbors who lived on the same
street. They had known each other since they were young and had a good
impression of each other. In the end, they started dating when they were
teammates of a patrol team. Over time, they became husband and wife and
had a deep, loving relationship.
In light of how they had a young child, Colin Iliad had deliberately left one
of them behind during the expedition to the Giant King’s Court.
On the one hand, Derrick felt that there was nothing wrong with the Chiefs
arrangement, and on the other hand, he felt a strong sense of sorrow
because of the way Dolores acted. It was as if he had returned to the state
when he had to personally stab his parents to death.
From the beginning to the end of the expedition, it only took half a day’s
time. However, to Dolores, it meant everything had changed.
After a moment of silence, Derrick retracted his gaze and continued
forward, subconsciously taking a few heavy steps. At the same time, he
thought of a rumor:
Shepherd Elder Lovia once had a husband, but he died in an expedition.
This was very common to begin with and wasn’t worth discussing.
However, other than Lovia, the team that explored the ruins of the temple
had all gone “mad.” After they were eradicated, there were rumors that
gradually spread among the residents of the City of Silver:
During that expedition, Elder Lovia had eaten her husband!
In the “night” with low lightning frequency, the winds were rather cold.
Derrick shivered and turned his attention back to the scene before him.
He took a few steps and arrived at his destination. He raised his hand and
knocked on the Chiefs door.
“Come in,” Colin Iliad said calmly.
Derrick pushed open the door and entered. He saw the chief wearing a linen
shirt and dark-colored coat wiping his two swords with oil.
Colin Iliad didn’t stop. He raised his head and looked at Derrick.
“What are your thoughts on this expedition?”
What’s the Chiefs motive for asking this? Having been influenced by Alger,
Derrick subconsciously had this thought.
Unable to grasp the true intentions of the Chief, he had no choice but to
close the door and answer frankly, “There might be other paths to the
seaside. The palace of the Giant King should be very important, but that’s
too dangerous. We need more information.”
Colin Iliad nodded and asked, “The Kings of Angels and other existences
who call themselves deities secretly plotted together because… because
they wanted to resist the Lord?
“And ‘Their’ success caused this land to be forsaken?”
Although Derrick had never directly heard of such an inference, it wasn’t
difficult to come up with a similar conclusion based on the various secrets
he had learned from the Tarot Club.
“Yes, that should be the case.”
Colin fell silent. Even his act of wiping his sword slowed down.
After a few seconds, he put down the items in his hand and took two steps
forward.
“Those who participated in the conspiracy are still active on the other side
of the sea?”
After a moment of silence, Derrick replied in deliberation, “Mostly.
“But not too much.”
Colin Iliad nodded, indicating that he had nothing else to ask.
Derrick hurriedly said, “Chief, I obtained the incomplete formula of the
Silver Knight potion, including the supplementary ingredients and the
advancement ritual during Light Culler Murskogan’s death.”
When he said this, Derrick knew that his lie sounded overly fake. It could
be seen through right away because he didn’t even dare to open his eyes
back then.
However, he just couldn’t think of a better excuse.
If Mr. Hanged Man were here, he would definitely have a better solution…
Just as this thought came to his mind, he heard the Chief speak slowly:
“Very good. What is it?”
Derrick was stunned for a second before he hurriedly recounted the
corresponding ritual and supplementary ingredients.
Colin listened quietly and let out a long sigh.
“You have contributed greatly this time. This is extremely important to the
City of Silver. In the future, our limit will be Sequence 3 and not Sequence
4. Up to a certain range, the risk of the expedition teams will be greatly
reduced.”
Why will the risk encountered by the expedition teams be reduced when the
upper limit is Sequence 3 within a certain range… As Derrick was happy
that he had made such a contribution, he couldn’t understand the Chiefs
words.
However, he knew that this was something he didn’t have the right to
understand. He planned on asking around at the Tarot Gathering later.
He then bade farewell and opened the door.
“Derrick…” Colin Iliad suddenly called out to him.
Derrick turned his head in puzzlement and found that the Chiefs expression
was rather solemn.
Colin fell silent for a while before shaking his head.
“Be careful of Lovia.”
“Yes, Your Excellency,” Derrick replied from the bottom of his heart.
Backlund, North Borough.
Hazel took a carriage back to the city from Moose Manor, and she was
preparing to meet Miss Audrey at the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation to
discuss matters regarding donations and help.
After many interactions, she had a very good impression of this noble lady.
She didn’t feel pressured when beside her, and the strange emotions
accumulated in her heart had mostly dissipated. She gradually recovered
more of her forgotten memories.
I should have a teacher… What exactly happened that day? Every time I
think about it, I tremble all over… Hazel cast her gaze out the window,
feeling a little depressed.
Her carriage was driving past the vicinity of Boklund Street.
At this moment, a person dressed in the clothes of a mailman rode his
bicycle horizontally across the carriage, looking rather relaxed.
Hazel casually sized him up and saw a monocle on his right eye.