Chapter 491

: The Sherlock Moriarty in the
Investigation Report
Leonard?
Klein thought for a moment that he was mistaken.
However, the blurring caused by the rays of light wasn’t that serious. Being
familiar with Leonard, he was able to quickly confirm his previous
judgment.
In the time it took to take a breath, Leonard disappeared, the light dispersed,
and the valley returned to its midwinter silence. The scene which Klein saw
in the dream shattered as a result.
He opened his eyes and placed the badge he had obtained from Lanevus on
the surface of the long bronze table.
Is it really Leonard, or a Faceless disguised as Leonard? Klein considered
and flipped a gold coin.
His spirituality had told him through the medium that it was Leonard
Mitchell, his teammate from the Tingen Nighthawks team!
Is he the “investigator” sent by the Church of the Goddess for the
gathering, or is he risking his life to find an opportunity to find the revenge
target while keeping the Nighthawks in the dark? Klein muttered to himself
in suspicion. It was hard to make an accurate judgment.
And without any leads, his divination couldn’t provide him with any
revelations.
After a few seconds of silence, Klein gave a self-deprecating smile as he
drew a crimson moon on his chest.
“I wish him the best of luck. May the Goddess watch over him.”
Klein no longer bothered with the problem, and he planned on
understanding more about the gathering before deciding whether or not to
participate in the future or to warn Leonard Mitchell anonymously.
…
Backlund, in a secret room in the basement of the Steam Cathedral.
Ikanser took off his hat, pressed down his fluffy but not soft hair, and sat in
the first seat on the left.
Then, he took out the ancient silver mirror of Arrodes from an inner
custom-made pocket in his clothes and placed it in front of him.
To his right, across him, and diagonally across him, were the Machinery
Hivemind deacons and captains, all of whom had been summoned by the
member of the Divine Council, the Archbishop of Backlund, Horamick
Haydn, for a meeting.
The white-robed archbishop looked like an ordinary old man, sitting calmly
at the end.
Seeing that everyone had arrived, he looked around and softly said, “Let’s
start with Ikanser. Tell me in sequence about the investigation over the past
few days.”
Ikanser Bernard pushed his hair while flipping through the thick document
file, and he reported in a concise manner, “Your Grace, we were in charge
of Sherlock Moriarty. After a careful investigation, and with the aid of
Beyonder means, we confirmed that he was pulled into the matter. Prior to
the incident, there was no evidence that he knew of Prince Edessak’s
problem.
“He and the dead Talim Dumont were friends, and he indirectly fulfilled
some of the tasks entrusted to him by the prince, but there weren’t many
problems. At most, he had falsely made some fraudulent claims for his
expenses.”
At this point, Ikanser suddenly felt a little worried because Sherlock
Moriarty was also an informant for the Machinery Hivemind, and his
expenses here were likely to be somewhat exaggerated.
In any case, his job as an informant was very effective and very
outstanding, enough to offset a lot of problems, and he hasn’t become our
informant for long. The money involved was mostly just from
commissions… Ikanser exhaled slowly and continued to report, “Our
conclusion is that he’s considered an innocent party and that there is no
hidden plot behind him. He once keenly noticed the danger of Red Rose
Manor, but that is a typical example of coming to the correct conclusion
from an incorrect deduction. He was afraid of the royal family’s internal
strife, and for this reason, he had been slow in his work and didn’t do any
substantial investigations. On this, he had reported it to us.
“Unfortunately, he still failed to avoid the matter, but he was lucky enough.
He mentioned that the descendant of Death happened to be monitoring the
vicinity of Red Rose Manor at the time; hence, he was rescued from the
perilous situation when the meteorite fell. The signs at the scene are ample
proof of how terrifying that strike was. It’s likely due to 0-08.”
Klein mentioned the existence of Ince Zangwill and 0-08 in his letter. As for
whether or not he knew the former archbishop and the Grade 0 Sealed
Artifact, no one was concerned about it, because he was with Azik Eggers
for some time. It was entirely possible that he learned the information from
him. This was also a conclusion that everyone subconsciously came up
with.
As for matters regarding Grade 0 and Grade 1 Sealed Artifacts, the seven
orthodox churches constantly shared information of the rough situation with
each other—the numbers were shared, and there was no repetition.
“… However, we haven’t been able to grasp the entire situation. There are
three matters that aren’t confirmed. First, 2-111 indicates that after Sherlock
Moriarty fled into the forest, he didn’t immediately escape far away.
Instead, he stayed on the spot and prayed to someone. Second, it’s still
unknown when he and Azik Eggers got to know each other. Third, it’s still
unknown how he escaped the underground ruins. It’s unlikely that he
could’ve done so with his strength. And in this process, he had even
destroyed the descent ritual of the Aurora Order,” Ikanser finally concluded.
2-111 referred to the magic mirror, Arrodes.
Horamick laughed after he listened to the recount and muttered,
“Fraudulent claims of expenses…”
He then cleared his throat.
“In any case, Sherlock Moriarty is a hero of Backlund.
“If he hadn’t stopped the ritual in time, and if he had been frightened at that
moment and had chosen to flee, then most of us wouldn’t be alive sitting
here.
“Moreover, he has also displayed his faith in God and his friendliness
towards us. As long as there isn’t too much of a problem with him, then we
can pretend that we don’t know anything about his tiny flaws and secrets.”
“Your Grace, this is what we were thinking as well.” Ikanser heaved a sigh
of relief and said, “I guess his prayers in the woods, including the ritual of
blowing the copper whistle, were to get in touch with Azik Eggers. But the
effects and speed can be different. In such a critical situation, the only thing
he could do was to try to save himself, which is something that we deduced
from the follow-up process.”
“Apart from trying to save himself, he could write his will,” another
Machinery Hivemind deacon quipped before he immediately reported the
portion he was responsible for. “… We haven’t found the underground ruin
which Sherlock Moriarty described, even with the help of 2-111. We’re still
temporarily unable to grasp the locations of the royal family’s High-
Sequence Beyonders on that very day.”
“… It can be confirmed that the Church of Evernight received the
information first. This came from a special channel of Earl Hall, but the
specific situation is unknown.”
“… Most of the forces of the Aurora Order in Backlund have been
eliminated by us, the Nighthawks, and the Mandated Punishers. However, I
suspect that they still have some hidden strength…”
“… At the time of the incident, Sherlock Moriarty mentioned that Trissy
was heading to Backlund, but no one has seen her ever since. According to
Sherlock Moriarty, she was a key figure and was renamed Trissy Cheek.”
“… It cannot be determined what method the Church of Evernight used to
capture the Demoness of Despair and the butler, Funkel. Results via
divination tell me that they’re still alive, but they aren’t free.”
…
One by one, the deacons and captains reported on their findings while
Horamick half-closed his eyes, seemingly deep in thought.
After a few seconds of silence, he opened his eyes and slowly said, “Put all
efforts into finding Trissy Cheek—if she’s still alive.
“Pass me all the problems where divination has failed to provide any
effective revelations. The Church has a Saint who is good at this, although
it’s not necessarily more effective than 2-111.
“As for the surveillance and investigation of the royal family’s High-
Sequence Beyonders, it can be tabled. There’s no need to worry. They’ve
always known what we’ve been doing. It’s also a form of warning.
“Continue the search for the underground ruins and report it to the
Evernight and Storm Churches.
“Ikanser, ask 2-111 how Sherlock Moriarty escaped the ruins, as well as
when he got to know Azik Eggers.”
Ikanser looked at the archbishop, then at his colleagues before gritting his
teeth and said, “Yes, Your Grace.”
He was sadly convinced that his legends were about to spread from just a
few Machinery Hiveminds teams that he was in charge of to all the
Beyonders of the Church of the God of Steam in Backlund.
After a very well-rehearsed process, he opened his mouth and said,
“Honorable Arrodes, my question is: ‘when did Sherlock Moriarty get to
know Azik Eggers?'”
The silver mirror which seemed to have eyes on both sides suddenly started
to glow with an aqueous light, quickly forming a scene:
Sherlock Moriarty stood in a room, watching a rat with a rotting belly
burrow into a hole a wall. Behind him was Old Kohler and the owner of a
budget hotel.
“He got to know Azik Eggers while completing the bounty mission for him.
That mission was issued by MI9, which originated from a coincidental
conflict.” Ikanser interpreted the scene.
With that, he chose to answer the corresponding question. He held his
breath as he waited for Arrodes to give the soul-piercing question.
As expected, he saw the bright red words: “Do you know the feeling of
trying your best to win the favor of someone, but only to end up being
abandoned without any progress?”
Th-this question isn’t sharp enough; it’s unlike Arrodes’s usual style…
Ikanser suddenly felt that the blood on the mirror seemed to lack its usual
horror and bloody sense. It appeared somewhat weak.
He didn’t bother to think about why and immediately opened his mouth to
answer, “Yes.”
“Congratulations, you got it right.” A new line of text appeared on the
surface of the silver mirror, its color was somewhat pale.
…
5th January, 9:00 a.m.
With a gray scarf around his neck, Klein arrived at Rose Wharf with his
suitcase and cane.
The White Agate was docked there, unusually large compared to the height
of a human. It was said to be capable of ferrying hundreds of passengers.
It had the rich characteristics of the age, with its chimneys, sails, and its
twelve cannons on both sides of the ship—necessary for defending against
pirates and other peers.
Under Captain Elland Kag’s arrangement, the chosen stocky sailors and
crew lined up at the mouth of the gangway, some even deliberately
revealing their legitimate revolvers, rifles, and knives.
This gave the passengers on board the boat a greater sense of security. They
were no longer afraid of the journey that would take them nine days to
complete.
Klein stood below, looked up, and climbed up the hanging ladder in the
undulating blue water.
My travels begin… He took a step forward and sighed silently.