Chapter 581

: Both Getting into Chapter and
Detachment
Only a single Black Death… The other ships are anchored beyond the
Rorsted Archipelago’s confines because they’re afraid of being discovered?
This is good news… Klein retracted his gaze and deliberately bit his lip to
express his agitation.
After taking a glance at Helene’s side profile, Mithor lit a torch and began
swinging it to signal to the flagship.
Before long, a dinghy came and took him and the disguised Klein back to
the Black Death.
As the dinghy was being hoisted up, Klein boarded another pirate admiral’s
flagship. Under Mithor’s lead, he entered the cabin.
Waiting for them up ahead was a blonde female attendant. She glanced at
Helene with a cold stare before pointing sideways to the room.
“Go in.”
This attitude… It’s like meeting a love rival in the flesh… Both men and
women fall to this Vice Admiral Ailment’s charm… The cuffed Klein
instantly increased his vigilance as he wore a heavy expression and
followed the blonde female attendant into the room.
He originally believed that he would immediately meet Tracy and obtain a
chance to meet her in private. He was already ready to strike, but apart from
a wardrobe, sofa, and full-body mirror in a cramped carpeted room, there
was nothing.
Could it be that Tracy has deliberately given Helene the cold shoulder to
express her anger? Klein recalled the romance novels and contrived
television serials he had previously watched while contemplating the reason
for the Ailment Maiden’s actions.
The blonde female attendant shot a glance at “Helene’s” male attire that
lacked the androgynous beauty to it due to the lack of makeup, took two
quick steps, opened the wardrobe, and pointed to the dresses inside.
“Captain doesn’t like your present attire. Change.”
F**k… Klein cursed inwardly.
He originally imagined that he could be granted a meeting with Vice
Admiral Ailment Tracy while looking like Helene and dressed as a male. He
was thankful that he didn’t need to overly humiliate himself to achieve his
goal, but in the end, he didn’t manage to escape this outcome that he wanted
to avoid.
Seeing Helene standing there in a daze, the blonde female attendant glared
at her.
“You have two choices. Either you change yourself, or I’ll help you!”
Klein did one of red-haired Helene’s habitual motions and inhaled slightly.
“Remove my cuffs.”
He turned his body sideways and gestured with his chin towards the door.
“And go outside.”
“Conniving whore…” the blonde female attendant cursed under her breath
and used the key given to her by Mithor to release Helene from her cuffs.
After she left the room and closed the door, Klein walked to the wardrobe
and stood there in a daze for twenty seconds.
Suddenly, he closed his eyes and extended his right hand.
After an unknown period of time, he came in front of the full-body mirror
and saw Helene’s red hair cascading down in the reflection. Her green eyes
shimmered while she wore a golden-red dress. By her waist was a ribbon
tied into a flower. It was pulled tight, accentuating her slender waist.
Helene’s beautiful face was flushed red as her lips were tightly pursed. Her
expression was heavy, looking very identical to the picture from before.
Klein looked at his present image and first felt somewhat embarrassed.
However, he had gotten over it to a certain extent while changing. Besides,
there wasn’t anyone inside. Second, he gradually found a different feeling.
This wasn’t to say that he was gradually liking such acts. Instead, while
overcoming his mental aversion, he gained some form of detachment from
his self-awareness. It felt like his soul had flown out of his body, allowing
him to calmly observe “Helene” dressing up in female attire and adjusting
her clothes through the mirror with a calm attitude. He believed this was a
necessary step in his mission and that there was nothing embarrassing or
odd about this.
Klein felt a baffling sense of familiarity as he tried hard to recall and
compare this feeling, in a bid to fix it in place and gain an understanding of
it.
Soon, he found the source. This was similar to him playing role-playing
games. In it, he could choose a female character, carefully choosing the
facial features and attire of the character, allowing the beauty to please his
eyes.
There was nothing kinky or embarrassing while doing this. On the one
hand, he was viewing it from an angle of a god through the screen, making
his attitude detached; and on the other hand, he was seriously acting and
going through the plot. By combining the two perfectly and not
distinguishing between them, he didn’t have any aversion to it because he
was playing a game.
This… Klein suddenly opened his half-closed eyes, feeling like this was the
Faceless state he had been searching for!
He could act as anyone, but he was still only himself.
As he got into character and worked hard to act, he could detach his
feelings and observe things calmly. By making comparisons, he could
figure himself out and find his true self!
It’s both getting into character and detachment… This is the actual
application of the Faceless’s main principle. Klein suddenly felt at peace as
the remnant embarrassment coexisted with his changed attitude.
With a detached attitude, as though he was playing a role-playing game, he
observed himself in the full-body mirror and tried hard to find any flaws.
Thankfully, I got Danitz to get two sets of female clothing to study the way
it’s all put together. Otherwise, there’s no way I could wear them so quickly
and normally as a first timer. It will be easy to expose any flaws. Heh, this is
called professionalism. Women’s clothing sure is complicated… From the
perspective of a Faceless, there are many flaws in Helene’s facial features
and contours. She might be beautiful, but it’s definitely nothing I call
stunning… Yes, with this state of mind, I can clearly feel the potion
digesting… Klein looked at himself in the mirror as though he was looking
at a character named Helene.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The blonde female attendant banged on the door and asked impatiently,
“Are you not done?”
Klein’s face instantly sank, as though she hadn’t returned him the ten
thousand pounds she owed him.
He maintained this state as he walked to the door and pulled it open.
The blonde female attendant shot him a glance and raised the handcuffs.
“Put your hands to your back.
“You’re now a prisoner!”
As red-haired Helene was on the Black Death, she wasn’t afraid that she
would bring her any harm. All she wanted was to humiliate her as much as
she could.
Klein grunted and half-turned his body, putting his hands to his back. He
felt relaxed because the woman wasn’t paying too much attention to his
attire.
After putting on the cuffs, he was led by the blonde female attendant to the
entrance of the captain’s cabin.
The door was half open, allowing a fragrance of warmth emanate outside. It
wasn’t too strong, but it was sufficiently long-lasting. It was a scent that
kept pulling one back as they would involuntarily wish to head to bed for
pleasure.
The blonde female attendant knocked on the door and was just about to say
a word when a gloomy but sufficiently beautiful female voice sounded from
the inside.
“Let her come in alone.”
The blonde attendant’s face instantly sank as she pushed open the door,
signaling with her eyes for Klein to enter.
The moment of truth is here… Klein took a deep breath and stepped into the
room.
The door behind him closed with a thud, isolating the inside from the
outside.
Klein walked across the thick carpet and, using the candlelight from the
golden candle racks, saw a rather beautiful lady sitting behind a desk while
leaning back. She was wearing beige trousers with her feet extended
diagonally while crossed.
Her brows were long and straight, and her azure-blue eyes were sharp and
bright. She wore a white linen shirt, allowing her intimate body to faintly
peek through. Raven-black curled hair cascaded down to hide the critical
bits, making Klein instantly feel uncomfortable.
Upon seeing red-haired Helene enter, Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy raised
her left hand and asked with an ambiguous smile, “Tell me, how should I
punish you?”
She held a black leather whip in her hand.
… Ma’am, there’s always room for discussion… Klein lampooned to resist
his discomfort.
His eyes first moved upwards before leveling towards her. He said without
a hint of emotion, “Returning to this place is already the greatest
punishment. Anything else is just a bonus.”
“You’re as stubborn as usual, yet always so indecisive…” Tracy stood up.
She was tall and slender, and under the illumination of the candlelight, her
figure’s shadows danced with extreme charm.
She held back her smile and walked towards red-haired Helene, with the
leather whip in her left hand. She didn’t have an ounce of doubt.
During this process, Klein noticed that she wore a bangle with inlaid
diamonds on her right wrist.
The mystical item described by Helene? It can reduce most forms of
damage? Klein, who had originally planned to take action the moment the
gap between them narrowed, held back his urge.
“Oh, they cuffed you. That’s nice. We haven’t played such a game before,”
Tracy said with a smile, but her azure-blue eyes seemed to be a stormy
ocean that was gathering strength.
Ma’am, your lines are quite terrible… Klein pursed his lips tightly and
didn’t say a word.
Tracy came in front of him and raised her right hand to slide down his
cheek.
“Returning is the greatest punishment?”
As she spoke, her eyes turned misty, looking extremely alluring.
“You usually don’t seem to think so. Although you always resist in the
beginning, you’re often more passionate than me towards the end…”
Before she finished her sentence, Klein pulled out his left hand from the
handcuff, and he grabbed the bangle on her wrist in a manner that was as
fast as lightning. He then violently swiped it down!
At the same time, that hand turned a shade of gold. Klein’s green and deep
eyes suddenly lit up with two bolts of lightning.
This was Creeping Hunger! This was Psychic Piercing!
And the ability to pull his hand out of the cuffs was a Magician power. It
was the Bone Softening power which Klein very seldom used!
He had long made plans and preparation for what he would do after
infiltrating. It was to find a chance to be alone with Vice Admiral Ailment
Tracy and assassinate her without holding back.
Only by doing so did he have a chance of defeating a pirate admiral. Only
by doing so could he severely injure and capture her.
And even if it couldn’t be done, he didn’t mind killing her. He was already
very accustomed to channeling spirits above the gray fog. He wasn’t afraid
of not being able to obtain the intelligence he needed. A human trafficker
didn’t deserve any pity!
In addition, in order to prevent himself from tripping himself up, he only
brought the most difficult-to-detect Creeping Hunger, which was good at
disguising itself. The other mystical items were placed in the mysterious
space above the gray fog. Furthermore, he was on the Black Death with
several opposing Beyonders on board. He had to finish the battle as quickly
as possible!
This was also to avoid being taken down by Tracy’s ailment powers.
The longer he fought her, the worse the ailments inflicted on him would be!
In that instant, the bangle with inlaid diamonds was removed from Tracy’s
wrist. Klein’s green eyes flashed with lightning while the beautiful and
charming Vice Admiral Ailment remained in a daze. All she did was
instinctively dodge.
She couldn’t believe that Helene would attack her, or dare believe that she
possessed such reactions and abilities.