Chapter 992

Arrodes’s Congratulations
“You are?” Klein asked in a rather complicated state of calmness.
The lady in a simple robe nodded and said, “Arianna, Servant of
Concealment.”
Servant of Concealment… Arianna… Klein’s eyes constricted, as he knew
who the lady was.
As a former Nighthawk, how could he not be aware of the name “Arianna”?
She was the Evernight Cloister’s matron, head of the thirteen archbishops, a
likely candidate for the future Pope. Regardless of which identity she had,
she was part of the general knowledge that couldn’t be avoided in religious
studies and mysticism!
As for the name, Servant of Concealment, Klein had read about it in
Emperor Roselle’s diary. Considering the similar name of Attendant of
Mysteries, he suspected that this pointed to an angel. Meanwhile, based on
the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Conservation, with a Sequence o in
existence, it meant that Attendant of Mysteries couldn’t be a Sequence 1
angel. Therefore, Klein believed that the Servant of Concealment was likely
Sequence 2 of the Evernight pathway.
This… It isn’t that the Goddess didn’t reply, but that she used a very special
way to respond… “She” directly sent her servant over… Klein felt mixed
emotions that could hardly be described.
He fell silent for a few seconds before giving a solemn bow.
“Good afternoon, Your Eminence.”
In the various Churches, if a demigod at the angel level walked the land,
there was a need to address them as “Your Eminence” as a show of respect.
Likewise, towards the pontiff, pope, and chief shepherd-representatives of
the deities-one had to use “Your Holiness.” In addition, a Church’s head
was synonymous with the Holy See or Apostolic See. Of course, many a
time, the Holy See could also represent the Church’s headquarters itself.
Arianna tapped her chest four times in a clockwise fashion and replied in a
pious manner, “May the Goddess bless you.”
She then said, “I’m an ascetic. You can just call me Ma’am.”
“Yes, Ma’am Arianna.” Klein didn’t insist.
Arianna looked at him calmly for two seconds and directly asked, “You
plan to deal with Blasphemer Amon’s avatars in Backlund?”
“Yes, I wish to obtain the blessings of Concealment,” Klein frankly replied.
At this moment, he felt a little stumped because this was different from
what he expected.
He originally expected the Goddess to answer by blessing him. Then, he
and Pallez Zoroast could join forces to wipe out all of Amon’s avatars in
Backlund. During this process, it wouldn’t expose Leonard or the Marauder
pathway angel. But now, with the blessings becoming something corporeal
that would be involved in the battle, Pallez Zoroast would be immediately
be discovered once “He” took action. When that happened, it was hard to
predict what would ensue!
Don’t tell me I don’t need to ally with Pallez Zoroast? I’ll only get “Him”
to provide intel and then split some of the spoils of war? Klein’s thoughts
rapidly ran through his mind as Arianna spoke unhurriedly:
“I can provide the power of Concealment to shield everything that happens
from the prying of fate. However, I cannot guarantee that I can eliminate all
of Amon’s avatars in Backlund.”
Pallez Zoroast said that “He” has the means of doing so… The person who
understands Amon the best is indeed a Sequence 1 of the same pathway…
Klein thought and said, “Ma’am Arianna, I have already come up with a
well-thought-out plan. All you need is to provide the power of
Concealment. You do not need to be involved in the actual battle. Leave the
rest to me.”
Arianna nodded and raised her right arm as she spread her palm.
Points of light lit up, profound and resplendent as they quickly outlined an
emblem in her palm.
This emblem was completely crystallized, as though it was made of
obsidian. It made one realize its existence when looking at it, but it
appeared to vanish when not looking at it.
“This is my Evernight coat of arms. It doesn’t possess any characteristics or
power by itself. The only use is that, when triggered, it will establish a
connection with me, regardless of where you are in the real world,” Arianna
explained simply. “Before you begin your operation, remember to use it. I
will provide you with the power of Concealment. If you need more direct
assistance, use ancient Hermes to chant ‘Arianna’ when triggering it.” This
is equivalent to an itemized altar and ritual that points to her… Oh, at the
level of angel, the range of responding to prayers has extended to the entire
world? Klein instantly grasped the true nature of the Evernight coat of arms.
As a Bizarro Sorcerer, he did not have the means to reply to prayers. This
was a trait that could be obtained only at Sequence 3. Of course, as Sea God
and The Fool, he was very well-versed in such matters.
Klein didn’t stand on ceremony as he accepted it and bowed sincerely.
“Thank you.”
After saying that, he tapped four spots in a clockwise manner on his chest,
forming the sign of the crimson moon.
“Praise the Lady!”
This way, he could still join forces with Pallez Zoroast. As long as he
triggered the Evernight coat of arms without using ancient Hermes to chant
Arianna’s name, everything would be fine.
“Praise the Lady,” Arianna replied piously.
Her figure then vanished as though she had been erased by an eraser.
This is a departure by entering a concealed state? Klein pursed his lips in
thought.
Meanwhile, he was filled with suspicion over Arianna’s swift arrival. After
all, the Evernight pathway wasn’t well-versed in methods such as teleport.
To go from Winter County all the way to Backlund required a significant
amount of time.
My ritual isn’t the kind that prays for a direct descent… Could it be that
Ma’am Arianna happened to be in the vicinity, in the Backlund diocese?
Isn’t that too much a coincidence? If it isn’t one, it only serves to
exacerbate the problem. What is “She” doing in Backlund? The
undercurrents are stirring… Klein retracted his gaze and patiently waited a
while before turning back into Dwayne Dantès.
He found a pen and some paper once again and drew the symbol that was a
mixture of concealment and mystery prying.
When the final stroke was written, the full-body mirror in the master
bedroom produced a dark but pure light, as though a silent undercurrent was
surging out from the bottom of a lake.
Right on the heels of that, fireworks appeared, bursting in the sky.
Colors of gold, silver, red, and blue exploded as words formed in the
mirror:
“Welcome back, Great Master!
“Your humble servant, Arrodes, has witnessed the retrieval of a portion of
your authority. I’m thrilled that you are gradually recovering your aura. You
will eventually return to your supreme position and make the entire world
turn silent under your watch!”
This is really… passionate… There’s always something new… Klein
nodded in silence.
Amidst the fireworks, those words dissipated and formed into a new
sentence:
“Great Master, what instructions do you have for me?”
“I have a question,” Klein said calmly. “In a place where being in darkness
can result in danger, how should one create a safe but pure darkness? There
are two kinds of dangers involved. One, it will make a person directly
vanish in the darkness, and two, it will cause strange monsters to appear and
attack.”
The fireworks in the full-body mirror calmed down as aqueous light
rippled. Silver words surfaced one after another:
“Great Master, are you referring to the Forsaken Land of the Gods?”
This magic mirror actually knows quite a lot. He also gave me a free
question in passing… Klein nodded and said, “That’s right.”
Without any breaks in between, Arrodes’s full-body mirror produced new
lines of Loenese text:
“The formation of the Forsaken Land of the Gods is related to the second
Creator’s fall. The danger of night there stems from the transformation of
two essential powers.
“First, it’s the remnants of the Evernight Goddess’s divine powers. Second,
it’s the influence left behind by the Creator. “He” wielded partial authority
over shadows, darkness, fallen, corruption, and mutation. The former makes
creatures vanish into thin air, while the latter produced monsters in the
darkness.
So the two types of dangers stem from different powers. It’s no wonder that
there’s such huge differences… Arrodes called the ancient sun god the
second Creator… This is very close to my theory… Amon’s and Adam’s
father isn’t the reawakening of the original Creator, but a transmigrator who
inherited a huge “inheritance”? Klein asked in thought, “In that case, the
Evernight Goddess was involved in the fall of the second Creator?”
This was something Klein had vaguely expected. This was from the trait of
humans evaporating in the darkness of the Forsaken Land of the Gods. It
was very similar to the strange disappearances if one didn’t sleep at night in
the ruins of the battle of the gods. And based on Little Sun’s description,
King of Demonic Wolves, Flegrea, who wielded control over the Evernight
and Concealment authorities, had long perished in the Second Epoch. It was
impossible that “He” had done it.
Therefore, unless there was another deity of the Evernight pathway born in
the middle, it was difficult for the two abnormalities to not have the
Evernight Goddess involved.
On the surface of the mirror, the silver light rapidly converged forming a
short sentence:
“That’s right.”
That’s right… Klein was just about to press on when he immediately shut
up. He had just recalled one of his identities—Blessed of the Evernight.
Therefore, even without anyone watching him, he had to show respect to
the deity and not seek out relevant secrets. Of course, time in the mysterious
space above the gray fog was excluded.
He was just about to focus on the main question from before to urge
Arrodes to list out solutions when he saw the silver words in the full-body
mirror change:
“Great Master, your loyal servant, Arrodes, wishes a small favor from you.
C-can we not discuss matters regarding the Evernight Goddess?”
At the end of the question, a simple stick figure was drawn.
Just as I wished… Klein deliberately pondered for two seconds and said,
“Okay.”
The silver swirls on the surface of the mirror immediately turned brisk as
words began taking form:
“As for the question you asked, there are two solutions:
“One is to accept the corruption and let oneself transform into monsters of
the darkness. The reason why these creatures do not vanish into thin air
during the night is because they have received the protection of the ‘Fallen’
authority. This way, all the darkness is equivalent to safety.
“The second is to create a darkness that comes with the dream world. This
will allow the Spirit Body to receive the protection of the dream; thus,
slowing down the encroachment of danger at night.”