Chapter 709

: Elland’s Warning
As Klein looked at the bar which was so silent that he could hear breathing,
he was taken aback. Only then did he step in and walk straight to the bar
counter as though nothing had happened.
I should change my appearance the next time I come… he thought in
frustration, just short of facepalming.
Ukfa’s lack of awareness that Gehrman Sparrow had successfully hunted
Slaughterer Kircheis had made Klein believe that the latest news hadn’t
reached the City of Generosity, and he boldly came to the Seaweed Bar. To
his surprise, the problem lay in Ukfa who had kept a distance from the
adventurer circles. He was a little behind on the news, and the crazy
adventurer’s infamy had already spread amongst the pirates around the
Rorsted Archipelago.
Sighing silently, Klein sat in front of the bar counter and rapped the wooden
counter.
“One glass of Southville beer.”
“… Six pence.” The bartender gulped his saliva with great difficulty.
Klein took out a few copper pence and placed it in front of him. Without a
change in expression, he asked, “Any developments recently?”
The bartender took the money and carefully delivered the beer to Gehrman
Sparrow. Then, he forced a smile and said, “Admiral Amyrius Rieveldt has
been transferred back to Backlund. Admiral Robert Davis has replaced him,
becoming the highest-ranking naval commander of the surrounding waters
for the kingdom. The archipelago’s situation is a little tense, and many
pirate crews have sent people to gather intelligence.”
Admiral Amyrius was ultimately implicated by his brother and lost his
post… However, as long as he wasn’t directly involved, it can’t get worse
for him when considering his status as a demigod. At the very least, he can
maintain the treatment he receives as an admiral. Nothing will happen to his
family either. Once the matter blows over, he might still have a chance of
being a high-ranking member of the navy… Klein gulped down the beer
and asked in passing, “Which family is Robert Davis from?”
“No, he’s not a noble. He’s one of the rare officers who slowly rose up the
ranks to admiral. In the Berserk Sea, Sonia Island, and East Balam, he has
rendered plenty of meritorious services.” The bartender recalled the
commendations the papers recently had for Admiral Robert Davis. After a
pause, he said, “However, I heard that he has received the sponsorship of
many nobles.”
Yes, with the Imperial Navy, admirals who are from the royal family or
aristocrats, or have close ties with them take up at least 80%. The remaining
20% are mainly rear admirals and vice admirals… Klein had long learned
of the situation from the documents he received from Amyrius Rieveldt.
Compared to this, the army was a lot better.
Gehrman Sparrow didn’t continue asking as he seemed to focus on his
drinking. The bartender then added, “In the past two to three months, the
Resistance has been very active. They’ve been constantly attempting to
destroy railways or set up blockades on public roads. They’ve given the
governor-general’s office quite a headache, forcing it to dispatch large
numbers of soldiers to maintain a smooth flow of traffic. However, the
Resistance army seldom clashes with them head-on.
I’m aware of that. It’s all going according to my plans… In a place where
the natives and mixed-bloods take up 80%, it’s not difficult for the
Resistance to gather accurate intelligence. Coupled with external sponsors,
it wouldn’t be hard for them to live on for short periods of time. The reason
why they were in a dire situation in the past was all because Kalvetua was
an irrational sea serpent. It often got them to attack key nodes in a city,
fighting head-on with the Loen Kingdom’s navy and army… Klein
mumbled to himself in delight as he drank another mouthful of beer.
He had also warned the Resistance to not be overly active. If they forced the
governor-general’s office into a corner, the Loen Kingdom might send
Sequence 5 Beyonders or even demigods who were good at pursuit and
tracking. With the Resistance’s strength, there was no way they could put
up a fight. In the name of Sea God, Klein’s instructions were to maintain
while slightly improving their present situation and await for the global
situation to change.
This wasn’t too far off. According to the various matters Miss Justice had
feedback on, and with The Hanged Man giving insight that affirmed this, it
was certain that once the Loen Kingdom was done with its internal reforms
and making the original and newly added ironclad warship become its main
force in combat, a war against the Southern Continent’s colonies was
inevitable.
He silently drank his beer until the bartender was done. He then wore his
hat, got up, and left the bar, heading straight for his inn.
Along the way, he saw bronze-skinned children with curly hair and natives
with brown jackets and pantaloons. These people either made way in horror
without even looking up, or they were hunched in a corner, looking at Klein
with a complicated look in their eyes.
Klein helplessly curved the ends of his lips as he silently returned to his
room.
He didn’t immediately change his appearance and head to the various bars
to seek out pirates. This was because he was certain that they would hide
the entire night and not appear again.
Just as Klein was planning to enter Groselle’s Travels to explore it, there
was a knock on his door.
Without needing to ask, all he did was grip the knob when the visitor’s
appearance naturally surfaced in his mind.
It was a middle-aged man dressed in a dark red coat and white slacks. He
wore a ship-shaped hat. The corners of his eyes and mouth, as well as his
forehead, had clear wrinkles. He was none other than the captain of the
White Agate, military personnel, Just Elland.
Impressive. News of me appearing in Bayam just spread, and he managed
to find where I’m staying… Of course, it’s because I didn’t attempt to hide
myself. I directly used my identification documents to check-in… Klein
turned the knob and pulled open the door. He politely greeted him, “Good
evening.”
“Good evening. I’m very glad to see you back in Bayam.” Elland took off
his hat and entered the room without any reservations.
“Is there something?” Klein pulled a chair over and sat down.
Elland sat opposite him and chuckled.
“Isn’t visiting a friend the most important matter?”
You’re such a smooth talker. Too bad Anderson is gone, or he can learn
from you! Klein felt triggered for some reason.
He maintained his usual state and looked into Elland’s eyes.
“Alright, you’ve made your visit.”
Elland seemed to have expected such a response. He smiled and said, “Do
you still remember Donna?”
Of course, she and her brother are adorable. I wonder if they’ve recovered
from the fright I gave them the last time and have given up any curiosity
towards the mysterious world… Klein calmly replied, “I don’t have
amnesia.”
“Forgetting unimportant matters aids our mental health. Heh heh, this isn’t
said by Emperor Roselle.” Elland simply explained, “Didn’t you tell
Donna’s father that he should post an in the Sonia Morning Post for three
days in a row, asking to buy Damir’s special cured meat if he needs your
help? He did so recently, but unfortunately, you weren’t in Bayam or the
nearby seas.”
“What happened after that?” Klein’s instincts told him that Donna and her
family weren’t in serious trouble based on Elland’s relaxed attitude.
Elland chuckled and said, “I heard your conversation back then, and after
discovering the , I visited them using the address. As you know, Donna is a
lovely lady. She reminds me of my daughter.
“The matter isn’t too complicated. Urdi, who’s Donna’s father, had a bunch
of valuable goods plundered by the Crazy Captain. This plunged him into a
terrible economic situation. Although it isn’t as bad as going bankrupt, life
for him has definitely turned for the worse. That’s why he wishes to
commission you to get the goods back.
“I knew you weren’t in Bayam back then, so I had to go through my own
channels to help Urdi recoup the goods at a reasonable price.”
“Crazy Captain?” Klein first found the title familiar before recalling where
he had heard it before.
According to red-haired Helene, Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy’s delivery of
slaves for the Demoness Sect was passed off to Crazy Captain Connors
Viktor. The latter appeared to have close connections with many of the
slave dealers and merchants in the Loen Kingdom.
And this was tied to the truth behind the human disappearances in the
colonies, as well as the underlying reason of the Great Smog of Backlund!
I’ve always been trying to investigate this matter. Back when I attacked
Tracy, that was half the reason, but unfortunately, I didn’t succeed. Later, I
was busy acting for the digesting of the potion and my search for mermaids,
so I temporarily abandoned my investigations… Klein’s thoughts raced as
he asked without a perturbed look, “Where’s Crazy Captain now?”
“Urdi has already gotten back his goods,” Elland hissed, emphasizing that
the matter had been settled.
Klein looked at him and repeated, “Where’s Connors Viktor now?”
Elland shook his head in exasperation.
“I’ve no idea, but his subordinates are still in Bayam trying to gather
intelligence. As you know, Admiral Amyrius has returned to Backlund, and
he’s been replaced by Admiral Davis. Many changes are in place, so the
pirates need to have a new handle of the latest situation.
“Therefore, I guess that Connors’s ship is docked in the shadows of one of
the nearby islands, but that’s a guess with no way to confirm.”
After listening in silence with his hands clasped, Klein said, “Thank you.”
Elland exhaled and looked out the window as his expression rapidly turned
solemn.
“I came here today to tell you that you’re too eye-catching. The higher-ups
are beginning to pay attention to you. A powerhouse that can easily kill
Kircheis wouldn’t be ignored!
“It’s best you stop using this identity for checking in; otherwise, you might
face some difficult problems.”
Klein nodded seriously and said, “Alright.”
He was very grateful for Captain Elland’s warning, but he didn’t show it on
his face.
After Elland left, Klein immediately changed his appearance, switched inns,
and confirmed that he wasn’t tracked by the military.
After doing all of that, he began considering the search for Crazy Captain
Connors Viktor.
To others, this was an extremely difficult task, but Klein had a trick up his
sleeve.
It was to use the Sea God Scepter and communicate with nearby sea
creatures!
As long as Connors Viktor was in the Rorsted Archipelago’s waters, there
was no way he could hide from Klein!
Of course, it was necessary that he had enough time to perform the search.