Chapter 1294

Conversation
If that demigod creature didn’t slam into the Devil’s Oil Painting on its own
accord, I’d have to summon Mr. World’s Historical Void projection… Uh, I
wonder if that can be considered as directly hiring a helper at the angel
level… As Fors pondered, she drank the potion.
To her, the potion was like icy water that could hurt someone due to the
extreme temperature. All her senses vanished in the areas that it passed,
leaving only her still thoughts.
It was inevitable that a person would hallucinate in extreme cold
temperatures. In Fors’s vision, a night sky instantly appeared. It was dotted
with countless stars that weaved together to form a dream-like river.
Fors’s body began reflecting bits of stellar radiance as if they came from her
own body.
The tiny bits of pure stellar radiance formed an invisible connection with
the different stars in the night sky. As the light shimmered, they twisted and
squirmed as insect-like creatures crawled out of Fors’s body. They wanted
to seek refuge in the Milky Way formed by an array of embedded diamond
shards.
Each of them carried a portion of their own flesh and consciousness, as
though they were uncontrollable avatars.
Fors’s thoughts quickly turned chaotic, and she fell into confusion. She
almost couldn’t control the urge to separate herself.
At that moment, she sensed an illusory object.
It was the seal that she had completed using the Devil’s Oil Painting. It was
projected into the mysterious world created by the potion, forming an
abstract, blurry mark.
Fors didn’t think further as she instinctively extended a portion of her
consciousness along with her spirituality, and intertwined with the abstract
symbol.
The mark wasn’t exactly harmonious with her, as if it wasn’t part of her, but
it managed to barely merge with her.
Suddenly, in Fors’s mind, the abstract symbol became rather clear. It
consisted of a “door” that was layered with mysterious symbols.
This door hid Fors behind it, allowing her to isolate herself from the
surrounding cosmos.
At the same time, on the other side of the “door,” the sealed creature
seemed to sense the aura of an enemy. Using its own godhood, it wildly
corroded the illusory door. It happened to be able to reduce the influence
the cosmos had on Fors.
After maintaining it for more than ten seconds, the resplendent Milky Way’s
night sky slowly faded away. The stellar radiance then returned to Fors’s
body fused with her.
At this moment, a deep darkness appeared in front of Fors. Deep in the
darkness was a perpetual storm and occasionally flashing lightning.
The next second, Fors heard a familiar voice. It stabbed into her head like
steel nails stirring her brain matter.
Fors grimaced immediately. If she hadn’t experienced such things over and
over in the past, and had some level of resistance, as well as the fact that
she was at the saint level, she would have likely lost control.
Of course, there had to be some influence of “good luck” here.
After a few seconds, she finally managed to calm herself down and hear
what the voice was shouting by using Cogitation.
It was calling for help!
It wasn’t Jotun, Elvish or ancient Hermes. Instead, it was a language that
Fors had never come into contact with before. However, she could
understand it the moment she heard it. She felt like it was the true source of
many languages.
Mr. Door would crazily shout for help every full moon. How disgraceful of
a King of Angels… However, even if “He” is seeking help, it’s still a
terrifying thing that I can’t withstand… Fors lampooned silently. She was
considering if she should pretend not to hear it and wait until she had
converged her spirituality and grasped the Beyonder powers of a Secrets
Sorcerer before conversing with Mr. Door during the next full moon, or to
do it now.
Suddenly, the shouts from afar stopped and the surroundings became
deathly silent.
After two to three seconds, a wispy voice that could pierce through Spirit
Bodies entered Fors’s mind.
“You used the Beyonder characteristics of the Abraham family.”
This sentence was said in a flat manner without any rise or fall, but it made
the blood vessels on Fors’s forehead throb. Her eyes turned bloodshot as her
body turned resplendent.
She almost lost control of herself.
“Who are you?” Fors composed herself and asked deliberately.
The voice that seemed to lure her into losing control said in a low smiling
voice, “You can call me Mr. Door.
“You should be familiar with me.”
The King of Angels from the Fourth Epoch directly pointed out that Fors
had a certain connection with “Him.” She could hear the full moon ravings.
…I’m going to write you into a novel! Fors secretly gritted her teeth and
asked, “Honorable Mr. Door, are you the ancestor of the Abraham family,
Your Excellency Bethel?”
The voice that had crossed countless barriers returned to its flatness.
“Yes.”
“Then, do you know that your cry for ‘help’ has caused the entire Abraham
family to be trapped in a curse that has lasted for more than a thousand
years? It’s basically impossible for anyone to become a Traveler or even a
Scribe? They often lose control during advancements or the night of the full
moon.” Fors felt that she couldn’t speak to Mr. Door for a long time;
otherwise, her inclination towards losing control would be irreversible. She
directly posed the question that the Abrahams were most concerned about.
Mr. Door fell silent for two seconds before saying, “They no longer have
Secrets Sorcerer or demigods?”
“There aren’t any after the War of the Four Emperors. And the curse you
brought has made it impossible for them to advance to a demigod. If you
can stop crying for help for ten years, a new Abraham demigod might be
born. This will greatly aid in your escape,” Fors sincerely suggested.
Mr. Door sighed and said, “I have been exiled to an eternal darkness, and
suffer the blockage of a perpetual storm. I have no way to know what’s
happening in the real world, nor did I expect that there isn’t a single
demigod left in the entire Abraham family.”
Lies… The one who calmly made this conclusion wasn’t Fors, but rather
Klein, who had accommodated The Fool’s card as he held the Staff of the
Stars while sitting in Sefirah Castle. He had been closely monitoring the
corresponding crimson star.
He remembered that the Emperor had mentioned in his diary that Mr. Door
had a certain understanding of reality. “He” seemed to be able to use the
changes brought about by the full moon to see the situation outside the seal.
After sighing, Mr. Door continued, “Besides, I can’t control the cries for
help during the full moon.”
“Why?” Fors asked in surprise.
Mr. Door said in an ethereal voice, “You’re already a demigod, so you
should know very well that the higher the Sequence, the greater the threat
of going mad.
“An ordinary angel, even those who can walk the land freely and do what
they like, without needing to engage in any additional battles, could also be
gradually influenced by the Beyonder characteristics and become less like
themselves. They might even enter a half-crazy state. I’m a King of Angels
who has been exiled and sealed for more than a thousand years, and I don’t
even have someone to communicate with. My not going crazy means that
I’m sufficiently powerful and lucky.
“On each full moon, the madness in me will be strengthened. I can’t control
it and can only constantly call for help.”
So that’s how it is… If I were locked up like this, I might’ve gone crazy in a
few months… Uh, if I’m provided alcohol, newspapers, magazines, all
kinds of books, and various delicacies, I can last a year—no, half a year…
Fors nodded in enlightenment and asked in a perfunctory manner, “Is there
anything I can do for you? How can the Abrahams dispel the curse?”
Mr. Door fell silent for a few seconds before saying, “Set up a ritual and
help me escape. That way, the curse will cease to exist.
“There are two rituals that can be used. One is to sacrifice three demigods
that are respectively from the Seer, Apprentice, and Marauder pathway…
The other is to extract the blood of at least ninety-nine Beyonders from the
Abraham family. Use it to draw such a symbol…”
“…I’ll tell them,” Fors immediately replied.
At the same time, she added inwardly, That’s if Mr. Fool permits it.
Mr. Door laughed and said, “If I can escape because of this, I will help you
become an angel…”
“His” voice became more ethereal and weaker, as though “He” was slowly
returning to “His” original state as Fors advancement came to an end.
About two to three seconds later, Fors couldn’t hear the sounds that slowly
pushed her onto the path of losing control. The deep darkness and
horrifying storms in front of her also vanished.
However, before the scene completely faded away, Fors could vaguely see
that, on a vast land formed from dark red rocks, there was an ancient
building that resembled a pyramid erected there. Behind the building was a
deep darkness and twinkling stars. It was completely different from the
cosmos that she had seen as an Astrologer on the ground.
What’s this? Fors shook her head and controlled her scattered thoughts as
she began to carefully rein her spirituality back.
After getting accustomed to the state of a Secrets Sorcerer, she immediately
took on a praying posture and reported her previous experiences to Mr. Fool
without missing anything.
After doing this, Fors put away the Devil’s Oil Painting, “Teleported” back
to Pritz Harbor, and met her teacher, Dorian Gray Abraham, who was
waiting in the warehouse.
Seeing that his student was safe and sound, Dorian heaved a sigh of relief
and said in a pious manner, “Thanks to Mr. Fool for ‘His’ blessings.”
He had finally taught a Sequence 4 Secrets Sorcerer who didn’t show signs
of betrayal.
Due to Mr. Fool’s lack of response, Fors didn’t inform her teacher of her
conversation with Mr. Door. She planned on waiting until the next full
moon.
She also relaxed and smiled.
“Apart from thanking Mr. Fool, I have to thank you, Teacher.”
…
In the ancient palace above the fog.
Klein didn’t have any doubts about Mr. Door calling “Himself” half-crazy.
He only felt that there had to be more secrets hidden in the matter. For
example, why did Mr. Door keep enticing Emperor Roselle to visit the
moon? It was a place that was occupied by an Outer Deity.
After some thought, he took out the Scarlet Lunar Corona and Master Key
from the fog of history. He planned on creating a full moon environment
and listening to Mr. Door’s shouting.
The effects of the combination had long been confirmed. Klein quickly
heard the voice that seemed to pierce through his Spirit Body.
The content of the shouting was:
“Don’t save me… Don’t save me…”