Chapter 710

: Plan
Above the gray fog, Klein extended his hand and summoned the Sea God
Scepter from the junk pile. He began browsing through the countless points
of light swirling about the Sealed Artifact.
Every point of light corresponded to a believer’s prayer. The glows swirled
with ethereal holiness!
Soon, Klein did a preliminary screening as he focused on the waters instead
of the archipelago. After he had isolated the Sea God Scepter above the
gray fog, he was unable to directly use the “divine artifact” to sense the
surrounding waters and do anything effective. He had to rely on the scenes
of his believers’ prayers as a foundation before reaching out five nautical
miles to influence the corresponding undersea creatures.
Klein emanated his spirituality and touched one of the specks of light. He
saw a native performing his daily prayers in the evening on a fishing boat
before docking.
As Klein’s thoughts changed, the angle of the scene quickly drew higher as
more dark clouds and undulating waves appeared in the scene.
There are signs of a storm brewing hours ahead? That’s right. I did find the
atmosphere repressing when I was out… That’s why Elland said that Crazy
Captain Connors’s ship is likely to be hiding in the shadows of some island.
It was to avoid the storm… Klein tapped the edge of the mottled table as he
muttered silently.
Having deduced this, it made his “search” much easier. This was because he
didn’t need to search the extensive waters; all he needed to do was focus on
the different islands around those waters.
With a change in thought, a blue gem at the tip of the Sea God Scepter in
Klein’s hand lit up.
On the waters which no longer had the fishing boat, the crimson moonlight
shone down on the deep blue waves that were slowly rising. Suddenly,
splashes silently surged upwards as an exaggerated eye looking up into the
sky surfaced. Beneath the eye was a massive silhouette.
At the same time, all kinds of fish began surfacing nearby.
They took in the indistinct halo that came scattering down, and they circled
around before swimming down and headed in different directions.
Ten seconds later, the waters in a five-nautical-mile radius returned to its
previous state. The deep blue waves rose up to a high height again, awaiting
the final eruption.
Phew… This is a little draining… Klein raised his left hand to rub his
temple.
He wasn’t only simply commandeering the sea creatures, he had also
bestowed them with remnant Beyonder spirituality to a certain degree. It
allowed them to transmit the scenes they saw by praying after they
discovered any docked ships around the island.
This wasn’t too difficult or complicated for the Sea God Scepter, but it was
burdensome and draining for the controller, Klein.
Then, Klein selected a few praying believers situated on different islands
around the archipelago. He then used the same method to command the sea
creatures of the region.
After doing all of this, he didn’t bother throwing the Sea God Scepter into
the junk pile before returning to the real world. He took off his coat and
collapsed into bed.
Having expended his spirituality to the limit, he believed that he would fall
asleep immediately. Yet, his head began aching, preventing him from
opening his eyes or falling asleep.
Klein could clearly feel that his skin seemed overly sensitive. Lumps grew
over his skin, and hidden beneath them were countless meat tendrils.
Indeed, as Mr. Hanged Man said, if you drain your spirituality to zero for
two consecutive days, you’ll definitely start hearing things and show signs
of losing control. My body became a little abnormal just from reaching my
limits once despite not even maintaining it for too long. Of course, it’s
because I’ve only recently advanced, and I haven’t digested much.
Furthermore, there’s the excess from the potions from the prior
Sequences… Klein regained his train of thought as he attempted to Cogitate
the stacked spherical lights so as to calm the fatigue of his body and mind.
Having gradually recovered, he finally fell asleep. By the time he woke up,
it was in the middle of the night.
At that moment, the winds were howling outside. The rain was pouring as
the storm had finally unleashed its might after a prolonged period of
brewing.
And this wasn’t a rare situation in Bayam. Apart from that, the night was
relatively serene.
Klein went to the washroom to clear his bowels. Washing his hands and
taking four steps counterclockwise, he once again appeared above the gray
fog.
He picked up the Sea God Scepter on the end of the long bronze table and
began browsing through the “scenes” from the sea creatures.
The scenes were that of ships, all located at different ports, harbors, or the
shadows of different islands.
Although Klein hadn’t seen Crazy Captain Connors Viktor, he had
previously learned of his traits and the various emblems of his pirate crew.
Therefore, he wasn’t afraid of failing to identify him.
Scenes flashed past as he patiently scrutinized the details of the ships.
About ten minutes later, a look of unconcealed joy appeared in his eyes. He
zoomed in on a scene as he pulled the orientation of the scene closer.
He had found the suspected ship!
The ship was docked at the back of Symeem Island, an island furthest from
the Rorsted Archipelago. Behind it was a towering cliff with churning
waves below it.
Its sails and flag had been reefed up, but there was a white skull emblem
with an eye-patch on the two sides of the ship.
This was none other than the emblem of the Crazy Captain’s pirate crew!
Klein removed the spirit pendulum from his left wrist and made a
confirmation with divination.
The answer made him rejoice, as it was indeed Connors Viktor’s ship!
And Crazy Captain only had one ship!
It’s no wonder that despite most adventurers at sea knowing that Crazy
Captain is in contact with the kingdom’s human traffickers and slave
merchants, the Church of Storms’s investigations of the colony
disappearances didn’t point to him. He only has a bounty of 3,300 pounds.
The pirate crew only has one ship, so it just looks like it’s a small business.
It’s impossible for him to do large-scale human trafficking… What should I
do next? Klein first sighed silently before considering his angle of
investigation.
His first reaction was to summon a massive undersea creature, hitch a ride
on something akin to a whale, and head straight for Symeem Island while
the storm continued. Then, he could infiltrate and use his powers as a
Marionettist to control Crazy Captain Connors Viktor without causing too
much of a stir. But on careful thought, he felt that it was a rash decision.
It wasn’t a problem dealing with other pirates who weren’t at the pirate
admiral level, but since Crazy Captain Connors Viktor was involved with a
terrifying matter like the Great Smog of Backlund, he had to consider that
Connors’s normal actions were just a disguise. In consideration of how he
might have another identity, with the ship concealing some secrets, there
was a high chance that there was a trap that could deal with pirate admirals.
Klein might not walk out alive despite being armed to the teeth if he made
such a rash infiltration attempt.
Should I summon myself and head over with the Sea God Scepter as a
Spirit Body? This can avoid some accidents, as I can immediately end the
summoning if anything goes wrong. However, the Sea God Scepter is
essentially the Beyonder characteristic of a High-Sequence Beyonder from
the Storm pathway. As long as it appears in the real world, it might attract
Sea King Jahn Kottman… This will prevent the situation from developing
as I expect it to… Klein looked at the storm in the scene as he came up with
a preliminary plan.
Before that, he conjured a pen and paper and wrote the divination
statement: “Dealing with Connors Viktor is very dangerous.”
Picking up the silver chain of the spirit pendulum, Klein reined in his
thoughts and focused on the divination.
Soon, he opened his eyes to see the topaz pendant turning clockwise at a
high frequency and large amplitudes.
This meant that dealing with Connors Viktor was very dangerous!
It’s as I expected. Thankfully, I didn’t rashly rush over… Klein picked up
the Sea God Scepter and decided on executing the plan he had just thought
of.
It was to use the prayer scene and strike Connors Viktor’s ship with the Sea
God Scepter from afar by using the cover of the storm. He would rouse the
nest and force out its secret!
After grasping the relevant situation, he would end the attacks before Sea
King Jahn Kottman sensed the abnormality or arrived at the scene.
Klein wouldn’t feel disappointed if Connors Viktor unfortunately landed in
the hands of the Sea King. This was because he would have to think of the
means to pass the information to the three Churches after he figured out the
truth of the Great Smog of Backlund.
If Crazy Captain successfully escaped, Klein would’ve pried into his secrets
by rousing the nest. He could then subsequently formulate a plan of attack!
Phew… Klein slowly exhaled as he watched the ship bob about with the
dark crashing waves before raising the Sea God Scepter high in the air.
At the tip of the scepter, the blue gems that circled around it had begun to
emit a bright light.