Chapter 158

: Preparedness Averts Peril
How enviable it is for Miss Justice to always maintain a cheerful mood. I
wish I could be like that… Listening to her lively greetings, Klein couldn’t
help but sigh wistfully.
He then recalled the time when she had taken out a thousand pounds so
easily, and he realized that it would be very difficult if he wanted to
maintain his cheerful emotions like Miss Justice.
The Sun, Derrick Berg, was a young man that cared a lot about his
reputation. He immediately replied, “I have obtained the Telepathist
formula.”
For the past week, he had been settling the inheritance that his parents had
left him. Besides the property, furniture, and a few sentimental items, the
rest of the valuable items were brought to the black market in the City of
Silver in exchange for the Telepathist formula and the Bard potion’s
ingredients. His meals were now rationed.
However, he believed that the situation wouldn’t be for long. When he
passes the combat examination, he would then join the team that cleansed
the Things of the Dark in the outskirts of the city and be paid a decent
amount.
When I become stronger, I’ll apply to become a member of the elite squad,
to explore the depths of the dark and find a way to remove the curse…
Derrick thought with hope as he looked towards The Fool who was
engulfed in the fog.
He noticed that last time, after Miss Justice made a request to Mr. Fool, she
was able to produce a page of the unknown Roselle diary out of thin air!
Although Derrick didn’t quite understand what had happened, he felt that
it’d be better if he watched Mr. Fool.
“First, recall the formula in your head. Then, grab the pen by your side and
instill it with the strong desire to express your thoughts.” Klein casually
leaned back in his high chair.
As The Sun was from the City of Silver, which might be the Forsaken Land
of the Gods, the pen that instantiated before him wasn’t a fountain pen, but
a quill instead.
Of course, there still wasn’t any ink.
Derrick didn’t dare to doubt what The Fool said, so he immediately grabbed
the quill that suddenly appeared by his hand.
He followed The Fool’s instruction, and as expected, he saw the Telepathist
potion formula appear on the brown goatskin parchment before him within
seconds.
After looking through it twice, Derrick silently pushed the promised item
towards Miss Justice.
Audrey was overjoyed and eager, but she took the parchment gracefully.
She glanced at the page, and the words that Klein had translated came into
sight.
“Main ingredients: Phantom Netherdrake’s complete pituitary gland, 10 ml
of Half Specter Rabbit.
“Supplementary ingredients…”
Main ingredients that I’ve never heard of… Hmm, I don’t know enough.
Audrey, who had been trying to learn more about the different types and
names of Beyonder ingredients from Fors and Xio, seemed to fret in
thought.
During such moments, she would completely forget how a Spectator should
behave.
Suddenly, Audrey heard a light rapping sound. She quickly looked towards
the seat of honor at the long bronze table subconsciously.
She was surprised to see Mr. Fool rapping at the edge of the table with his
right index finger while he gestured to her with a nod.
What’s going on? Audrey was confused as her eyes wore a vacant look.
Just when she was about to ask, the corner of her eyes suddenly saw some
changes on the Telepathist formula. There were remarks next to some of the
ingredients:
“Main ingredients, Phantom Netherdrake’s complete pituitary gland (also
known as Rainbow Salamander), 10 ml of Half Specter Rabbit (also known
as Farsman Rabbit).
“Supplementary ingredients…”
I know all of these! Audrey was stunned at first, then there was an intense
surge of delight from the bottom of her heart.
“Thank you, Mr. Fool. You’re really very knowledgeable.” She looked
towards the seat of honor as she thanked and sincerely complimented him.
The Hanged Man Alger didn’t know what had happened, but he felt
extreme contempt towards what Justice had said.
How could you describe a godlike figure with the word “knowledgeable”?
His existence alone is equivalent to knowledge itself to a certain extent!
Klein accepted Miss Justice’s compliments without any misgivings because
this wasn’t something he could’ve done just because he had chanced upon
the Psychology Alchemists’ Telepathist formula.
After he pulled The Sun into the Tarot Club, he had been taking precautions
against such problems by taking into consideration The Sun’s special
circumstances of being from the City of Silver. He had been constantly
studying ancient terminology. Therefore, even if Daxter Guderian hadn’t
managed to get the formula in time, he could’ve made the notations easily.
Through prior divination and comparison, he had made certain that both
Telepathist formulas were accurate.
This is why we say, “Preparedness averts peril…” Klein thought smugly.
Audrey looked at the Telepathist formula a few times and then reined in her
gaze unwillingly. She then personally expressed Roselle’s diary onto a
page.
“You deserve this.” She put down her pen and looked towards the fog-
engulfed Fool. “In addition to this, I’ll give your adorer another 300. Is 300
pounds okay?”
She sounded a little guilty because the three pages of Roselle’s diary only
cost her twenty pounds, while the Sheriff formula at Sequence 8 required
450 pounds.
In other words, from the perspective of simple math, she had to pay another
430 pounds on top of the three pages of the diary.
However, Audrey felt that it was thanks to her luck that the seller didn’t
know the value of Roselle’s diary. It allowed her to buy it at a low price.
Emperor Roselle’s diary costs at least fifty pounds per page! Audrey held
her fist and encouraged herself.
300 pounds? Until today, I’ve only seen that much money at Sir
Deweyville’s place…Klein sighed and pretended to not be interested in
money as he nodded and said, “A reasonable deal.
“This is my adorer’s information.”
He avoided speaking of terms like “Backlund Bank” and “anonymous
account” verbally through The Fool’s mouth as they damaged his image. He
made them appear on the parchment before her.
Klein had taken time to visit Backlund Bank’s Tingen branch last
Wednesday while investigating the houses with red chimneys. He had
disguised himself and opened an anonymous bank account.
The account only required one to memorize his account number and the
corresponding password in order to withdraw cash from any Backlund
Bank branch.
If one found that it wasn’t secure enough, he could also request to add in a
signature and thumbprint verification. But that would be more troublesome.
In order to keep his identity secret, Klein left it with a password.
The password is written in ancient Hermes: “The Fool that doesn’t belong
to this era, the mysterious ruler above the gray fog; the King of Yellow and
Black who wields good luck.”
As ancient Hermes itself can be used for rituals and prayers, anyone who
dares to copy the password would be reciting my name. Then, I’ll
immediately receive a signal, and can simply find out who’s the one trying
to steal my wealth from the world above the gray fog! Klein was very
satisfied with the idea that he came up with.
The only downfall was that it would slightly expose the existence of The
Fool, but the risk was within an acceptable range.
Audrey pushed the diary page to Mr. Fool as she took the parchment with
the information of The Fool’s adorer. Recorded on it, was the Backlund
Bank and a bunch of numbers that formed the anonymous bank account.
I wonder if Mr. Fool’s adorer is a male or female, and which Sequence he
or she is…Hmm, he must be very powerful, at least not weaker than Rear
Admiral Hurricane Qilangos… Audrey couldn’t stop her thoughts from
wandering.
But she quickly focused and memorized the anonymous account.
“It doesn’t have to be so troublesome.” Just then, she heard The Fool’s low
yet gentle voice. “When you get home, recite my name and you’ll be able to
write down the information directly.”
This would be just like when I drew the red chimney scene through
divination… An account number is very important, you can’t memorize it
incorrectly… Klein added in his head.
That works too? From Mr. Fool’s words, he appears very confident. He
lives up to his status of a godlike figure if he can even do this… Audrey was
stunned at first before coming to the realization that everything seemed to
make logical sense.
But, why did I have to memorize the formula earlier? Audrey was suddenly
confused again.
At that moment, Klein pressed down on the page of Roselle’s diary, but he
wasn’t in a hurry to read it. He looked to the side at The Sun and calmly
asked, “What compensation would you like?”
Derrick thought seriously and said, “As of now, I don’t have anything that I
desperately need… I should digest the Bard potion very soon. I shall wait
until then to request my compensation. Yes, perhaps to prepare for the
corresponding Sequence 8 formula or the necessary ingredients.”
Sequence 8 is Light Suppliant, which I have… but the ingredients. Even if I
had them, I would have no idea how to give them to you. Wait, he used the
word digest… Indeed, the City of Silver knows of the “acting method”…
Hmm. The highest Sequence there is only Sequence 4, so are they limited by
ingredients? Klein nodded in deep thought, agreeing to the deal.
Audrey also sharply noticed the word “digest.” She weighed her words and
asked, “Mr. Sun, are you aware of the ‘acting method’?”
Derrick looked at Miss Justice in confusion and answered straightforwardly,
“It’s nothing strange… The general education classes in the City of Silver
teaches the ‘acting method.'”
The “acting method” is taught in general education classes… Audrey stole
a glance at The Hanged Man and realized that he was looking back at her.
The two of them suddenly fell silent.
The origin of The Sun is indeed mysterious. I wonder where Mr. Fool pulled
him into the Tarot Club from… The more I think about it, the more I revere
him… Audrey settled down and looked at The Fool who didn’t look visibly
surprised in any way.
Then, Alger probed, “Mr. Sun, do you talk about any key things to look out
for with respect to the ‘acting method’?”
“Yes.” Derrick nodded without hesitation. “It’s clearly stated in our general
education classes that the one and only key point for the ‘acting method’ is
to ‘Remember that you’re only acting.'”
As expected… We’re using an ingenious method to go around obstacles and
completely break down the remnant spirits in the potion, without submitting
to it… The Sun, you’re such a simple boy. You just shared important
information by accident… Klein smiled and cast his eyes on the diary page
before him.