Chapter 878

: Arrodes’s Question
With Klein finishing his final stroke, the lights in Billiard Room 3 dimmed.
On the dainty makeup mirror, aqueous patterns rippled out before turning
into a dark scene.
Immediately, one bloody word after another appeared:
“Raise your questions.”
This scene was filled with a sense of supernatural horror. Even though
standing there was a Wraith and a Zombie, they couldn’t help but feel
overwhelmed as they momentarily didn’t dare say a word.
Only Klein continued wearing a smile as though he was accustomed to all
of this.
He had previously exhorted Arrodes to not raise questions that were too
difficult or private, and also to not act like a servant. If it wasn’t because
Sharron and Maric could ask much more targeted questions as a result of
understanding the situation better, Klein was more inclined to handling it
himself and not exposing the reality of having such a “helper.”
After a few seconds of silence, Maric took two steps forward, came to the
billiard table, and opened his mouth.
At this moment, Sharron gentle but emotionless voice sounded:
“I’ll ask the questions.”
Without waiting for Maric to answer, she floated up into a standing position
and looked at the mirror.
“Is the Tutanssess II mummy a trap that the Loen military set up to target
the Rose School of Thought?”
The mirror’s blood-red words melted away and slid down, dragging away
the stains, barely leaving two words behind which wriggled to form:
“That’s right.”
It is indeed a trap the Loen military set up for the Rose School of Thought.
We can preliminary eliminate the situation that it’s a plot the Rose School of
Thought has to target Miss Sharron and Maric. After all, the risk involved
exceeds the value of a Sequence 5 and 6 combined. Even if the Rose School
of Thought can’t curb their desire for revenge, they wouldn’t be this crazy;
unless, they were already planning on dealing with the Loen military and
decided to involve this matter as well. If that’s the case, the best place to
have such a matter unfold would be in the Southern Continent or at sea,
and not somewhere in the vicinity of Backlund. Who knows what kind of
terrifying fellows are hidden here… Amidst his thoughts, Klein saw the
surface of the mirror turn dark again as new blood-colored words appeared:
“Based on the principle of reciprocity, it’s my turn to ask a question.
“If you answer wrong or lie, you will be punished.”
Rather obedient. He didn’t make the request of doing artistic actions…
Looking at the billiard table, Klein nodded indiscernibly.
At this moment, the words from before slowly vanished, presenting new
words:
“You…”
As the bloody word froze for a full three seconds, it followed up:
“…are to answer with the relationship between the Chained God and the
Mother Tree of Desire.”
For some reason, Klein felt that the remaining parts of the sentence had its
blood-colored text darken significantly. Thankfully, the question wasn’t too
out of place, and it was something he would like to know.
Sharron looked at the mirror and replied in a deadpan manner, “Since the
Fifth Epoch, after the perishing of Death, the Eggers family gradually lost
control over the Star Highlands and Paz Valley, allowing those places to
have their own Beyonder organization, the Rose School of Thought.
“In the beginning, there wasn’t the Mother Tree of Desire, only the Chained
God. The Rose School of Thought advocated temperance and established a
religious ritual system, including laws. Formal members led ascetic lives to
deal with the repercussions of receiving powers.
“One day, a divine revelation added terms about indulgence. Many people
slowly changed and restored ancient but bloody primitive sacrificial
traditions. Later, the School of Thought’s upper echelons began secretly
calling the Chained God the manifestation of the Mother Tree of Desire.”
By the sound of it, the Chained God was corrupted by the Mother Tree of
Desire bit by bit or replaced… If this entity was once a Sequence 0, then the
Mother Tree of Desire is truly terrifying. It’s no wonder it’s viewed as an
enemy by all the other deities… However, the Chained God might not be a
Sequence 0. There’s a small possibility of being a Uniqueness that has fully
come to life, or a King of Angels with two Sequence 1 characteristics, or
even someone weaker. There’s currently not enough information to verify
the matter… Klein frowned slightly as he began thinking about the matters
regarding the Mother Tree of Desire.
At this moment, Sharron had switched to asking, “What problems does the
Tutanssess II mummy possess?”
On the mirror’s surface, the blood-red text squirmed and changed into a
complete sentence:
“It’s filled with hexes, a manifestation of hexes. It has the possibility of
automatically becoming a Zombie.”
This mummy is comprised of hexes? As expected of a corpse left behind by a
High-Sequence Beyonder… How should this be resolved? Klein turned to
look at Sharron and Maric and discovered that they were sufficiently calm
without any hint of surprise, as though they already knew that. And this also
meant that they had the means to resolve the matter. Of course, Sharron
didn’t have much of an expression regardless of the matter. She was as calm
as she always was.
After Arrodes answered, it followed the principle of reciprocity and raised
its question:
“You…”
“…have been trying hard to increase your Sequence. Why do you do so?”
This time, it had used the same bloody text as the opening, but the words
that followed after a few seconds didn’t appear that bright.
Does this mean that Arrodes is hesitating and struggling, resisting its own
urges? On the one hand, it finds it difficult to curb its wishes to raise
difficult-to-answer questions, but on the other hand, it’s taking my
instructions into considerations and thus holding back? Klein thought in
amusement.
Sharron stood there in silence before gently moving her lips.
“In the beginning, it was to not be bullied by others. Now, it’s to have the
strength to protect myself and my companions, and revenge, as well as
spread the principle of temperance… If everyone can temper their desires,
to not have wars and killing, there will be less misery.”
Klein was surprised by what he heard. His impression of Sharron was that
she was a woman of few words.
It wasn’t that she couldn’t say that many words, but that even if she had
much to say, she held back greatly and didn’t provide any additional
descriptions. For example, in her answer to the first question, she had
simply recounted the situation, and although she appeared to say a lot, she
hadn’t said one word more or anything subjective. The words she added
towards the end was a relatively talkative act based on her character.
This is something that’s been on her mind, a point of view that she has been
repressing for a very long time? Klein suddenly imagined the chaotic reality
of the wars in the Southern Continent.
They were lands with plenty of slavery. There were batches of people from
the lower class who died of hunger and sickness. There were constant wars
and live sacrifices.
If I were born in the Southern Continent and could live to this point, I’ll
definitely wish for world peace and happiness to the people… Speaking of
which, Miss Sharron and Maric do not look like they are of Southern
Continent descent. That’s right, before Death perished, passage between the
Northern and Southern Continent was allowed… Also, Sharron mentioned
revenge. That word was said without conviction, as though she doesn’t hold
out hope for it. Or does she not have that strong of a desire for it? Klein
sighed silently as he watched Sharron raise detail after detail and answer
question after question.
After learning of the situation regarding the Tutanssess II mummy, Sharron
asked again, “Apart from Mahmosi, who are the High-Sequence Beyonders
that will appear in this trap?”
The mirror surface’s aqueous wave rippled and formed a bright light, one
that enveloped everything. Nothing else could be seen.
With Arrodes’s powers, it likely involves an angel or Grade 0 Sealed
Artifact. That’s why it wasn’t able to provide an accurate answer… Klein
retracted his gaze and said to Sharron and Maric with a smile, “From the
looks of it, it’s as I guessed. The Loen military has prepared plenty of
redundancies.”
Sharron nodded slightly as she continued staring at the mirror, awaiting the
secret existence to raise “His” question.
The blood-colored text squirmed and no longer paused like before.
Everything appeared at once.
“What are your thoughts regarding your teacher?”
Teacher? Miss Sharron has a teacher… That’s right, as part of the
temperance faction, to not be influenced by the Rose School of Thought
which had changed internally, and to keep to her original path, someone
must’ve provided her with help… This is also one of the reasons why she
and Maric could escape? Enlightened, Klein anticipated Sharron’s answer.
Sharron pursed her lips.
“I respect ‘Her’.”
…She used ‘Her’? Klein nearly couldn’t maintain his smile from the shock.
Including the orthodox Churches and the various major Beyonder
organizations, Grounded Angels were very rare. There might only be one or
two. He originally imagined that Sharron’s teacher was a Sequence 4 or 3
saint with a peak strength equivalent to Sea King Jahn Kottman. To his
surprise, she had used “Her” as a pronoun. In Loen, ancient Feysac, and
even Jotun and Elvish, this pronoun was very different from his, her, its!
After his shock, Klein suddenly sighed deeply. Miss Sharron’s current
situation largely implies that her teacher is probably not around. She and
Maric escaped perhaps due to the final struggle of the temperance faction
within the Rose School of Thought. And to the Mother Tree of Desire, either
it’s corruption or decimation to create a Sealed Artifact. There will not be
any other choices.
The mirror turned dark again as the bright red text vanished.
After a while, new words appeared again.
“Continue.”
“I no longer have any questions. Thank you for your help,” Sharron curtsied
as she said slowly.
With her saying that, the mirror returned to normal. The lighting in the
billiard room wasn’t dim any longer.
Sharron looked at Klein and said in a tone without any abnormalities, “We
shall forgo this matter.”
Clearly, she also understood the meaning behind the blast of light that
appeared during the hidden existence’s final answer.
Klein shook his head and smiled.
“There’s no need to rush into a decision. Let me ask you a few more things.
Perhaps there might still be a chance that doesn’t require us to take too
much of a risk.”
At least my divination results say that it’s possible! he added silently.
“What is it?” Maric couldn’t help but ask.