Chapter 807

: Mediocre Luck
Sensing the land quake, Alger’s heart tightened as he glanced at Gehrman
Sparrow, using his actions to replace his words.
The sound of wind howled beside him, allowing him to run more easily and
quickly to the side.
The reason why Alger had done so was because he was worried that
Gehrman Sparrow would suddenly go mad and decide to hunt the terrifying
creature inside the dark underground cave. If that were to happen, even if
they ultimately clinched a victory, it would’ve been extremely
disadvantageous for the subsequent explorations.
As an experienced Sailor, he knew that decisive action spurred companions
who remained indecisive into subconsciously following his actions.
Upon seeing this, Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he gave up the discussion
about politeness. He widened his stride and ran behind The Hanged Man.
Following that, he sensed a strong wind blow at his feet, thrusting him
forward. This significantly reduced his need to overcome gravity, allowing
him to obtain additional mobility that instantly doubled his speed!
Amidst the rustling sounds, Klein and Alger ran out of the sparse woods
and circled around the flank of the eerie darkness.
At this moment, their heartbeats suddenly slowed. It was as though they
hadn’t been engaging in intense exercise and were instead in a state of
reverie that resulted from the tanning of the afternoon sun.
Klein immediately felt his body turn cold as an inexplicable and baffling
sense of gloom arose as they tried invading his body.
Meanwhile, he saw the light from Alger’s lantern be swallowed inch by
inch by a gigantic black shadow. A corresponding scene naturally surfaced
in his mind.
In the depths of the dark underground cave, a thick, humongous serpent
snaked out. It had dark green scales with exaggerated eyes that seemed to
burn with fire.
In between its scales were white feather covered in yellow oily stains.
Along its back was a pair of thick wings that could be spread.
While slithering and flying, this giant serpent raised its body high, coiling
itself around a thick tree and extending its pitch-black tongue. It stared
intently at the two figures that had barged into the surrounding area.
Around it, the trees were rapidly withering along with the weeds. Countless
corpses burrowed out of the soil as invisible shadows surged to its side.
Feathered serpent!
It was a feathered serpent!
In the Southern Continent, it was a symbol of holiness. It was the emblem
of the descendants of Death, the Eggers family!
Klein and Alger didn’t pause as they held back the coldness of their bodies
and their slowing heartbeats. Under the intense winds, they charged into the
depths of the dark forest, pulling a distance away from the sparse trees.
Badump! Badump! Badump! The duo’s heartbeats gradually returned to
normal as the coldness of their bodies were dispersed by the heat generated
from the intense exercise.
Klein’s spiritual intuition told him that the danger had passed. Hence, he
slowed down his pace and turned to glance back. He said calmly while
facing the depth of the darkness, “A demigod-level feathered serpent.”
“Demigod-level…” Alger similarly slowed down as the blood vessel in his
forehead pulsed.
He paused for two seconds and exhaled lightly.
“Don’t worry about it. The Beyonder creatures here are very territorial.
Unless they wish to hunt, they will not enter other zones, especially when
it’s near the mountain. That feathered serpent wouldn’t chase after us.”
Klein nodded and said, “The Beyonder creatures here are very strong.”
Alger retracted his gaze and replied with a shake of his head.
“No, there are also many weak ones.
“I’ve been here at night before, but I’ve only discovered the traces left
behind by Beyonder creatures at the demigod level without encountering
them. I actually encountered one this time.
“Such matters are mainly about luck. The chances of this happening again
isn’t too high.”
As a Seafarer, being able to calculate was a necessary ability.
Are you looking down on me, the King of Yellow and Black who wields
good luck? Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh as he said with a deadpan
expression, “Absolute judgments often result in the opposite results.”
When translated into Earth speak, it was: Don’t raise death flags!
In fact, if it wasn’t a feathered serpent at the demigod level, and instead was
something at Sequence 5, Klein would be happy to bully it. After all, with
Azik’s copper whistle in hand, the Beyonder creatures in the Death domain
would lose at least half their combat strength.
As for encountering a Beyonder creature at the demigod level, he wasn’t
too alarmed. This was because The Hanged Man had previously mentioned
it, and he had made the corresponding preparations. He had the Fate Siphon
charm, three pages of demigod-level Beyonder powers in Leymano’s
Travels, and the ability to Travel. Although it wasn’t necessarily the case
that he could resist a demigod, it was enough to help him create
opportunities to escape.
As long as I do not encounter angels… Klein silently added inwardly.
After hearing Gehrman Sparrow, Alger was somewhat puzzled. This was
because the crazy adventurer was clearly informing him to be more careful
and cautious.
A cold and crazy fellow? That’s right. If he’s just crazy, he wouldn’t have
lived to this day… Alger looked up at the sky as he tried hard to look past
the mist and distinguish the blurry stars.
After two minutes, he retracted his gaze and pointed in a direction.
“We’ll head in that direction.”
Klein had long drawn his iron-black Death Knell. He allowed the muzzle to
naturally point downward as he silently followed alongside Alger. He wore
a cold and composed expression that had no signs of anxiety.
After traversing the extremely dim forest for some time, Alger suddenly
stopped. As he looked to his left, he said in a deep voice, “If we head
forward more, there will be an Illusory Chime Tree. I hope to handle it by
myself.”
“The second Beyonder creature we encounter will be handled by you. I
won’t involve myself in the hunt.”
Unless you can’t handle it alone… Alger swallowed the second half of his
sentence.
He wasn’t like the Hunters who were often seen at sea, people who often
couldn’t hold their tongues as they habitually said things that infuriated
others.
The main Beyonder ingredient which Miss Justice needs… Mr. Hanged
Man has quite a bit of adventuring experience under his belt. He knows that
being frank at times is more useful than concealing matters, and that
negotiating is more effective than scheming… Klein maintained Gehrman
Sparrow’s persona as he nodded with a hint of gentlemanliness amidst his
coldness.
“Okay.
“If you can’t deal with it, it’s best you shout for help; otherwise, I’ll treat it
as your persistence.”
The style of a crazy adventurer appears to be different from hunters, but in
certain aspects, they are surprisingly similar… Alger silently drew a breath
as he continued forward with his lantern.
As they walked, they heard weak chiming sounds, and they immediately
felt as though they were home, their bodies and mind at ease.
Klein acutely sensed that his wariness was melting away in an irreversible
manner. No matter how much he emphasized it to himself, he was unable to
tense up.
At that instant, he even had the urge to head for the source of the chimes,
believing that there was something extremely dear and familiar to him
located over there.
As they were quite a distance away, the chiming was sporadic. Klein was
barely able to hold himself back as he turned to look at Mr. Hanged Man.
Alger no longer looked as staid as before. The eyes of his rugged face were
slightly red. It was unknown if he had recalled something that caused him
to plunge into some emotional state.
I wonder what Mr. Hanged Man looks like when he’s crying… It must be
quite terrifying… Klein couldn’t help but muse.
At this moment, Alger said softly with a hoarse voice, “Leave it to me.”
Just as he said that, he put down the lantern and slightly turned the sinister
ring on his left thumb. He made the protruded thorn that looked like it was
stained with old bloodstains turn brighter.
This was his mystical item, Whip of Mind. Its side effects was to place the
wearer in a state of a constant headache, one so bad that the wearer would
yearn to slam their head into a wall.
However, at that moment, the excruciating headache made Alger maintain
his basic lucidity amidst the chimes without being truly hypnotized.
At times, a side effect might actually provide benefits to the wearer… As
Alger remained poignant, he took out a wooden box from his pocket and
snapped it open.
Inside it was a gray rat!
Mr. Hanged Man wishes to use the rat as bait, so as to attract the Illusory
Chime Tree’s attention before taking the opportunity to attack it? Not bad.
He made adequate preparations. He already had a detailed plan ahead of
time… As an experienced adventurer, Klein instantly guessed The Hanged
Man’s thought processes.
Alger held up the rat and shook it when his expression suddenly turned odd.
The gray rat was no longer moving. It wasn’t breathing and was cold. It
wasn’t able to take on the responsibility of being bait!
Back when they encountered the demigod-level feathered serpent, although
Alger was in the periphery of the entity’s focus and had escaped quickly
without being overly affected, the gray rat he carried with him was only an
ordinary animal. It didn’t have a strong constitution and vitality, so it
perished from the effects of the feathered serpent.
It’s dead… It’s dead… Mr. Hanged Man now understands a principle—
plans often can’t keep up with change… His luck is mediocre… Upon
seeing this scene, Klein couldn’t help but twitch the corners of his mouth.
He wanted to laugh, but he didn’t make a sound, afraid that it would destroy
his persona.
Such situations were rare to the experienced and meticulous Hanged Man.
Alger quickly reined in his emotions as he proceeded forward with the dead
gray rat. Klein bent down and reached out for the lantern as he unhurriedly
followed behind him.
The chimes grew clearer as it made them more and more silent, with the
urge to run towards it becoming greater.
After taking another few steps forward, Klein finally saw that strange tree.
Above its brownish-green trunk were thin cracks. Deep inside each crack
was a darkness that looked as though different eyes were growing inside
them.
The branches that extended outwards had chime-like metal-gray objects
hanging from them. They were swaying automatically, letting out
melodious sounds. And on the branch closest to the trunk, there was a fist-
sized, colorless, translucent fruit.
Alger stared in that direction as he pressed at his throat before saying to
Gehrman Sparrow with a heavy voice, “It’s best you cover your ears and
converge your spirituality.”