Chapter 728

: Triple Combo
Senor obviously wasn’t going to bet that the item thrown by his opponent
didn’t pose a threat. He immediately dodged far away, allowing the iron
cigar case which was sealed by a wall of spirituality to fall to the ground.
Then, he opened his mouth once again and produced a Shriek.
A roar that seemed to come from the depths of his own Spirit Body made
Klein experience excruciating pain in his head. Even though he often
suffered from the ravings of existences like the True Creator and Mr. Door,
and was rather resistant towards such attacks, it was impossible for him to
not pause momentarily. He felt his nose burning as though a capillary had
burst.
However, with his resistance combined together with Bribe, the effects
were reduced. It made his momentary pause only last for an instant, and this
was something Senor had no idea of knowing.
Therefore, Klein pretended as though he hadn’t recovered as he revealed his
weak state, waiting for the enemy to fall into his trap.
In an ordinary battle, as a Wraith was able to jump through mirror-like
mediums, making it impossible to determine that location ahead of time, it
made it impossible to maintain a five-meter distance from his opponent,
even if he created flames and repeatedly used it to achieve phasing. It
caused his Spirit Body Threads controlling ability to be disrupted
momentarily after there were any significant effects.
For this, he planned on taking a little risk. He made his opponent fall for a
trap he planned, so as to quickly end the battle and escape to the cliff.
Seeing his target appear dazed due to the repeated Shrieks, Senor didn’t
hesitate to make his aura turn deep.
Admiral of Blood’s contracted figure rapidly appeared in Klein’s eyes in an
abnormally clear manner.
This wasn’t a reflection of the world, but two tiny figures seemingly
coming to life in his eyes!
When the Wraith’s possession was almost close to completion, Klein, with
his tattered and charred clothes, unhurriedly extended his left palm as
though he was gesturing “please” as a polite gentleman.
Creeping Hunger maintained its sinister and noble blackness as it forcefully
distorted Admiral of Blood’s target.
Due to the Freezing halo from before, there was frost and crystalline bodies
everywhere around them. All of them were equivalent to a mirror surface!
On the thin ice, Senor with his triangular hat had appeared there, his
expression was as though he was at a loss.
At that moment, Creeping Hunger switched to a deep black state as Klein
said a word filled with foulness, a word that came from the Devil language:
Slow!
Just as he was about to use the mirror surfaces to phase away, Senor
instantly froze. His figure involuntarily outlined itself as his body turned
extremely rigid. His attempts had failed.
As there was no way to repeatedly use Slow, Klein made his left glove turn
pale as it was tinged with a slightly dark green color.
Zombie!
The sealing caused by the frost on the ground had once again exacerbated
as they rapidly spread to Senor’s side as they began to spread from his toes
to turn him into a completed ice sculpture.
With his knowledge that Wraith’s had a very strong resistance to the cold,
Klein didn’t let his guard down or waste any time. He made Creeping
Hunger transform as if it was gilded.
The illusory black threads in his eyes were hidden away as two blinding
silver bolts of lightning shot out from the innermost depths of his eyes.
Interrogator’s Psychic Piercing!
In his usual state, Senor’s fusion of spirit and flesh typically wouldn’t be
significantly affected. He could even cause the attack to backfire on his
opponent. However, having just recovered from Slow, he found himself
sealed in ice. All he could do was resist the formless bolt that targeted his
Spirit Body!
His mind felt as though a blade had penetrated it as it twisted. The pain
spread through his body as he temporarily lost all reason.
By the time he regained his lucidity and prepared to make continuous leaps
to open up a distance, the cold adventurer opposite him opened his mouth
once again.
Slow!
Dogsh*t… Senor’s actions turned sluggish and impeded once again. Then,
without any surprises, he suffered from the two follow-up attacks of Ice
Stun and Psychic Piercing.
When he barely escaped again, the black-haired, brown-eyed Gehrman
Sparrow opened his mouth a third time with a deadpan expression.
Slow!
Senor was enraged as he reeled in despair before finding himself stuck in a
perpetual cycle.
As for Klein, who had kept his opponent in place three times, was
beginning to control his opponent’s Spirit Body Threads.
In fact, the most effective solution for when his opponent was unable to
escape was to take the opportunity to use Death Knell to deliver two or
three Lethal Attacks. But his past failures had told him that his enemy had a
mystical item that allowed him to be lucky. An overly direct and lethal shot
might very well lead to an accident, resulting in some undesirable effects.
It was precisely because of this that he decided to gradually proceed in the
proper order by controlling Admiral of Blood’s Spirit Body Threads!
Time quickly passed. As Klein ran around Senor to dodge the possible
attacks from the Rose School of Thought demigod, he controlled Senor’s
Spirit Body Threads, and he slowly reached the state of gaining initial
control.
Three seconds! Two seconds! One second!
Senor’s thoughts instantly turned sluggish as though every part of his body
was rusting.
Klein no longer had the strength to use Creeping Hunger again. He
continued deepening his control as he began walking at an adequate speed.
No… I… can’t… let… this… continue… Thoughts slowly moved through
Senor’s mind as a translucent icicle condensed in front of him.
It was dyed with a gloomy green as though it was showing its respect to the
surrounding forest.
As for Klein, who had witnessed his opponent’s series of slow actions, he
unhurriedly retracted his left hand and took out Groselle’s Travels from his
chest and braced himself.
Sou!
The icicle finally shot out, seemingly heading for Klein’s chest, but it
suddenly changed directions midway as it flew diagonally upwards!
This adjustment should’ve been a sudden lethal blow, but as Senor’s
thoughts had been slowed down significantly, the “order” received by the
icicle had only happened when it was almost reaching Klein. This made the
sudden change insufficient to catch Klein by surprise as he shifted
Groselle’s Travels and easily blocked the attack.
Senor’s expression turned pale again. After a few seconds of thought, he
slowly opened his mouth in an attempt to let out a Wraith’s Shriek.
Having already prepared himself, Klein spoke first:
“Bang!”
An Air Bullet quickly shot out and struck Senor in the mouth, throwing his
head backward as teeth fell. The Shriek was left stuck in his throat.
Seeing the control deepen and how Senor’s resistance was crumbling bit by
bit, to the point of losing his reason and launching a barrage of attacks like
a lunatic, Klein suddenly felt some joy.
At that moment, a shrill, sharp infant’s cry sounded and resounded in the
woods.
Lumps protruded all over Klein’s body as he dropped Groselle’s Travels
from his hand. His head felt as though it was being clasped tightly by an
invisible hand, making him momentarily lose his senses of his
surroundings, including the Spirit Body Threads. His control over Senor
was removed as a result.
About a hundred meters away from them, the large-sized baby, which was
black, swollen, and wrinkled, that appeared to have stormed out of the
water had escaped its illusory state and returned to reality.
His limbs were long and thin, and there was only an irregular hole on his
face. Circling the hole were gnarling teeth.
At that moment, Shank’s body had an additional wound that was obvious
and deep. It was a piercing wound that went through the black and swollen
skin, causing putrid blackish-green liquid to gush out.
After this Rose School of Thought’s demigod appeared, he stopped dodging
or escaping. He began screaming like crazy, letting out infantile screams. It
made Klein and Senor fall into a painful stupor. Even their bodies showed
signs of losing control.
The four blonde, red-eyed heads were thrown into the void as they opened
their mouths and let out a soundless Shriek, silencing the terrifying cries.
Reinette Tinekerr and Shanks had engaged in another round of combat,
phasing between the spirit world and reality from time to time as they
shuttled between leaves, weeds, insect eggs, ice crystals, and thorns.
Senor and Klein stood in their spots in a stupor. They tried their best to
recover from the effects of the infantile cry.
In this aspect, Senor believed that, as a Wraith, he had an unsurpassable
advantage. The corners of his lips subconsciously curled up a little.
He had already figured out what to do with his opponent later.
But at that moment, the eyes of the adventurer who was in tattered clothes
while exuding a cold demeanor had turned lucid!
It had only been a second since the infantile cry had ended!
Klein, who was experienced in this, quickly recovered as he realized that
Senor was still in a dazed and impeded state.
An opportunity! His mind stirred, but he didn’t attempt a long-distance
attack which allowed for plenty of accidents. Instead, he chose to control
Senor’s Spirit Body Threads which took more time. He tapped his right foot
as his figure dashed towards his opponent like a panther.
His left glove was dark, and when it moved backward, it condensed in a
manner that resembled a blade, forming a gigantic weapon formed from
lava and flames.
Desire Apostle, Sword of Lava!
Bam!
Klein’s body passed by Senor’s left as the searing sword swept across his
chest and got stuck in the middle.
The light-blue flames ignited Senor, but aside from suffering damage to his
body, he didn’t lose his life. However, the pain left him yelling incessantly.
After the two brushed by each other, Klein immediately abandoned the
Sword of Lava. He took a step to his left and turned around, facing Admiral
of Blood’s back. He raised the iron-black Death Knell to his opponent’s
head.
He didn’t use Lethal Attack, and he directly pulled the trigger!
With a bang, his body suddenly shook a little. This was because the spot he
had stepped onto appeared to be a hole. Hence, Death Knell had slid
downwards, and the golden bullet had hit the side of Senor’s neck.
Blood tainted with a dark-green tinge spewed out. Admiral of Blood had
lost nearly half his neck as he fell forward. He fainted, but he remained
alive.
Klein was just about to add another shot when the sky suddenly darkened.
An arm suddenly reached out!
The arm was ten meters long, and it had a black sticky surface with strange
protrusions. They were either skulls, erected eyeballs, or barbed tongues.
The moment it appeared, it made the entire forest shake.
All the leaves withered as all the insects stiffened to their deaths. All the
beasts either fell paralyzed to the ground, or they began biting themselves
wildly, leaving their bodies bleeding!
Klein’s danger premonition reached its limit. He hurriedly closed his eyes,
lunged forward, and did a roll. He grabbed Groselle’s Travels and held it in
front of his face!