Chapter 1304

The Importance of Ideas
When she entered the Black Emperor’s mausoleum, Bernadette vaguely
saw a black shadow. However, after she extricated herself from being an
embodiment of information, and reassembled her body with the pure, messy
knowledge, she didn’t sense anything. It was as though what she had just
experienced was just an illusion.
Queen Mystic wasn’t in a rush to venture deep into the mausoleum. She
stayed in her spot and carefully observed her surroundings.
Without using the powers of Mystery Prying, everything was clearly
presented before her eyes.
The interior of the Black Emperor mausoleum was empty. Apart from the
pitch-black walls and the high platform in the middle, there was nothing.
On the high platform, there was a chair that looked like it was prepared for
a giant. It was made of iron, and its surface was engraved with complicated
and distorted patterns. At the top of the seat, there was a crown-shaped
object.
At this moment, there wasn’t a single figure on the huge, heavy seat, as if it
was waiting for its emperor to return.
Just as Bernadette was about to take a step forward and approach the
platform, she suddenly realized that her body was completely immobilized,
as if she was being bound tightly by invisible shackles.
Right on the heels of that, pairs of illusory and holy white wings appeared
behind her as though they were passively resisting something.
In the next second, on the pairs of angel wings, white feathers dropped as
they fluttered. They grew deformed, thin, and fluffy limbs. The gaps in the
layers of feathers spread open one after another as though they had become
countless eyes.
The deformed feathers immediately let out crisp laughter, causing a hollow
chuckle to echo inside the mausoleum.
All of them had come alive, turning into miniature “winged creatures.”
This reminded Bernadette of some fairytales that her father had told her.
There were always little pixies that weren’t as big as a thumb in them.
As this thought flashed through her mind, Bernadette felt her right eye itch.
The eyelashes of that eye grew rapidly, turning into tiny arms that took root
on her face, trying hard to pull her eyeball out.
“I see it! I see it!” The veins in Bernadette’s right eye protruded as they let
out a child-like voice as though they had gained sentience and
consciousness of her body.
This was also a form of new “life.”
Almost at the same time, Bernadette’s left ear suddenly drooped down and
covered her ears.
“I don’t want to hear it! I don’t want to hear it!” the ear shouted with a
sharp voice.
If she didn’t use her spirituality, Bernadette would definitely imagine that
she had a young maiden by her side—one that was covering her ears,
stamping her feet, and screaming.
Without cushioning anything, the Sage Frontlet in the middle of her
forehead automatically left her body and floated into the air.
The surface of the vertical eye embedded with “diamonds” instantly flashed
with countless cold beams of light. It was as though numerous tiny eyes had
grown out of it.
Each eye reflected Bernadette.
The Sage Frontlet had also obtained a certain living characteristic.
Just as the Grade 0 Sealed Artifact was about to awaken and affect its
target, a pale-white, slender, illusory palm reached out and grabbed it.
The Sage Frontlet’s living characteristic rapidly dispersed, as though it had
reached the end of its life.
The ice-cold and pale hand that clearly belonged to a woman came from
behind Bernadette. At some point in time, a figure with only an upper-body
appeared.
This figure grew out of Bernadette’s back. It was almost transparent and
rather illusory.
She was wearing the same clothing as Bernadette, and she was wearing the
same feather triangular hat. Her blue eyes were like the projection of the
ocean. It was like Bernadette herself, a part of her spirit that had drilled out
of her body.
However, there was a pale-white face mask on Bernadette’s half-body
phantom.
The mask only had holes where one’s eyes were with no other gaps
elsewhere. This made Bernadette’s phantom appear extremely cold and
noble, but it lacked the aura of a living being.
This was the third item she possessed, and also her last Grade 0 Sealed
Artifact. It was an item made after Emperor Roselle returned from the
Southern Continent in his later years, called “Pale Death.”
Its negative effect was to make the wearer slowly die until it became a
corpse and become its slave.
At this moment, Bernadette had used this point to restrain the abnormal life
growing in her.
Just as the half-body phantom appeared, her right eye quelled. Her
eyelashes which had turned thicker and longer into arms began to fall off
one by one.
Her ears didn’t make any noises either. They slowly opened and returned to
normal.
Without such a suppression, Bernadette’s facial features, arms, and legs
would’ve broken apart to seek “freedom.”
After stabilizing her body, Bernadette tried to take a step forward. However,
she was still unable to do anything. All she could do was control the half-
bodied Spirit Body.
After some thought, she made the Spirit Body behind her take out a ritual
silver dagger from her pocket. Then, bending down, it drew a circle in the
middle of her right boot.
With a ripping sound, the leather boot quickly shortened by half.
Then, Bernadette used her half-body Spirit Body to tear her pants near her
left knee. She cut off a corner of her coat and blouse, removing one of the
feathers on the side of her triangular hat.
This attempt didn’t seem to have anything to do with supernatural beings. It
was just like a willful and rebellious girl who wanted to dress up in a
different way from the normal sense of aesthetics.
However, as Bernadette completed this series of actions, she carefully took
a step forward. Her body could actually move, as she no longer felt
restrained.
The invisible suppression effect vanished instantly. The Black Emperor
mausoleum seemed to accept Bernadette in this form.
Who would’ve thought that something an ordinary person could do was
able to deal with such abnormalities?
Furthermore, Bernadette suspected that the more she used her Beyonder
powers to resist whatever she was facing, the deeper the effects.
This was because she had the feeling that she was facing an invisible deity.
Only by pleasing the other party’s sense of aesthetics could she be
pardoned. Otherwise, she could only rely on the authority of a Sequence 0
to circle around it.
In addition, the lucky thing was that Bernadette wasn’t once a
knowledgeable Mysticologist, but she also had a deep understanding of the
Black Emperor pathway. She knew what the authorities this domain
consisted of. She knew that it represented the shadow of order, a distortion
of order.
That was why Bernadette twisted the normal order around her using her
dressing; thus, obtaining the recognition and acceptance of the invisible
deity.
Yes, in the matter regarding mysticism, knowledge and ideas are more
useful than abilities at times… In that situation just now, any resistance
would’ve been viewed as a provocation towards the internal order of the
mausoleum, triggering unpredictable and terrifying changes. Once one
figures out the crux of the problem, the negative effects will be easily
resolved… Klein nodded above the gray fog and learned quite a lot from
Queen Mystic.
Although he was already a Sequence higher than her, to the point of being a
King of Angels inside Sefirah Castle and having experienced quite a
number of major events, his growth had been too fast. He was still lacking
when it came to the details in problems. Now was the perfect time to make
up for the deficiency through observation.
After taking a step, Bernadette began to follow her spiritual intuition and
walk toward the huge, empty chair on the platform.
One step, two steps, three steps. Suddenly, a breeze blew past her neck.
This cold wind made Bernadette’s body turn numb.
At that moment, she felt a black shadow appear behind her.
Silently, her long chestnut-colored hair parted, revealing a pair of eyes on
her scalp.
It was a pair of eyes without any eyelashes. They were almost transparent,
cold, and heartless.
Eyes of Mystery Prying!
The pair of eyes turned slightly and saw that the shadow-like curtain in the
mysterious world showed clear signs of distortion.
However, it didn’t notice the shadow, nor did it find the source of the cold
wind.
Just as Bernadette attempted to close the Eyes of Mystery Pryer and lower
the possibility of an accident, the cold and sinister breeze suddenly
appeared in her mind.
Her thoughts became active as she became increasingly out of control. She
was unable to direct her thoughts in the required manner.
This seemed to be a trend that couldn’t be changed—one that led to chaos.
Without any hesitation, Bernadette grabbed the few seconds of thought she
was capable of. She let the half-body spirit on her back remove the pale-
white mask.
Then, she put Pale Death on her face, while the half-body spirit retracted
into her body and fused with her.
From this second onwards, Bernadette’s thoughts would gradually die along
with her body. However, her thoughts could not help but stir and turn
chaotic.
Both of these conflicting conditions offset one another, forming a weak and
delicate balance that helped Bernadette regain her ability to think.
To Bernadette, compared to the Beyonder effects of Pale Death itself, its
negative effects were even more effective at this moment.
Maintaining the balance, Bernadette took a few steps forward.
During this process, she always felt that there were shadows hovering
around her, but she couldn’t find them no matter how hard she tried.
After thinking for a few seconds, Bernadette’s blue eyes darkened once
again, losing focus.
She tried prophesying the consequences of her choice.
Soon, a corresponding scene appeared before her eyes:
After putting on the Sage Frontlet again, she once again transformed into
pure and complicated information streams, using it to circumvent the
obstruction and head to the high platform in the middle.
However, just as she approached, the flood of information suddenly
disintegrated. It lost its order and formed several Bernadettes built on
different tenets. There was a young girl in a layered dress, a tall young girl,
a melancholic and confused girl, a woman with a twisted and pained
expression, and a calm and determined queen.
The prophetic vision instantly disappeared and Bernadette’s eyes instantly
regained focus.
At this moment, she saw the black shadow.
It was standing right in front of her, no more than a fist away from her!
That face formed from pure shadow completely occupied her vision.