Chapter 1345

Meeting Again
Klein turned around and looked at the familiar yet unfamiliar figure.
He had imagined all kinds of attacks on Utopia, but he had never expected
such a scene to occur.
If Amon had “Parasitized” the marionette, Gehrman Sparrow, then with
Klein’s current status and the Spirit Worms on Sefirah Castle, he definitely
would have immediately discovered the problem. And if Zaratul were to
swap the Spirit Body Threads, “He” could only temporarily hide it from
him. Furthermore, “He” needed help from an angel like a Knowledge
Emperor or a Servant of Concealment to ensure the element of surprise in
the sudden attack. Only the humanity provided by a Spectator could slowly
ferment, without revealing any abnormalities on the surface.
To prevent such a situation, he could only sever the Spirit Body Threads
and allow the marionette to deteriorate till it died. That way, regardless of
whether it had any humanity in it or not, it would ultimately cease to exist.
Unfortunately, Klein had never heard of such methods before. All he did
was guard against the invasion of a Virtual Persona on his marionettes.
This might be the power of a Visionary, giving life to everything virtual and
immaterial, a unique sense of humanity.
The carved and cold face was reflected in Klein’s eyes as he felt a force
pushing him away.
He immediately fell backward, falling from the layers of ruins of the old
metropolis out from the fog of history.
During this process, he wanted to control himself, but there was nothing he
could do. This was because the wooden stake at his heart had sealed all his
Beyonder powers.
With a thought, Klein looked at Gehrman Sparrow and snapped his fingers.
Pa!
The Worms of Spirit in Sefirah Castle received his will and gave up the
marionette’s Spirit Body Threads. They also picked up the Staff of the Stars
and prepared to give Klein a fatal blow so as to commit suicide.
After his main body completely died, Klein would be able to revive above
the gray fog and escape from his predicament.
He no longer held any hope after finding out that Adam was the mastermind
behind the scenes.
At this moment, a stone square floating in the void appeared beneath
Klein’s feet.
Black stone pillars rose up and propped up a grand and holy cathedral,
enveloping Klein inside.
The corpse cathedral—Adam’s corpse cathedral—the divine kingdom of a
Visionary!
Boom!
Countless bolts of silver lightning smote down from Sefirah Castle,
penetrating the fog of history and struck the cathedral, but failed to shake it
at all.
At the same time, in the ancient palace, the figure sitting in The Fool’s seat
suddenly collapsed to the side, forming a vortex formed from transparent
maggots.
The vortex extended out slippery and strange tentacles, crazily smacking
the surroundings, overturning the junk pile, and destroying the long mottled
table.
Klein’s avatar had lost contact with his true body, and because his true body
hadn’t really died, they had lost control and went crazy, just like Zaratul
from before.
In the old metropolis before the First Epoch, Gehrman Sparrow, who was
wearing a half top hat and a black trench coat, looked up at Sefirah Castle,
his expression mixed.
He was basically a corpse. After his Spirit Body Threads were abandoned,
he naturally couldn’t maintain his existence.
The only thing Adam gave him was humanity. There was no envisioned life
for him, as that would result in the discovery of there being something
wrong with Gehrman Sparrow.
Gehrman Sparrow slowly collapsed as he looked at the rooms in the old
metropolis.
He died in this ruin.
…
Klein’s feet landed on the ground and stood in the middle of the cathedral.
He saw that every arch of each pillar was embedded with the skulls of
different races. Most of them were pale-white in color as they were packed
densely together, staring at the intruder with their hollow eyes.
On the walls, windows, and doors of the cathedral, transparent, distorted,
and painful faces appeared, separating the interior from the outside world.
And in front of the cathedral stood a cross that was more than a hundred
meters tall.
In front of the cross were rows of black pews.
Adam, who was wearing a simple white robe and had a pale gold beard,
was standing under the cross with a silver cross hanging from “His” neck.
“He” faced the pews like a priest who was preparing to deliver a sermon.
“His” expression was warm and “His” eyes were limpid, as though “He”
was only inviting Klein to listen to the scriptures.
Klein lowered his head and looked at the cross-shaped wooden stake that
was stuck in his chest. He slowly walked to the first pew and sat in the
middle.
For a true Mythical Creature formed from many Worms of Spirit, the
wound on its chest wasn’t fatal. The main purpose of the ancient bloody
cross stake was to seal his Beyonder powers.
If not for the true god standing in front of him, Klein could’ve used his
physical strength to pull out the wooden stake and remove the seal.
At this moment, he didn’t make any attempts because he was afraid that he
would turn the thought of “not daring to” to “not willing to.”
“I didn’t expect you to directly interfere in this matter. If you wanted to deal
with me, you didn’t have to wait until today.” Klein looked at his blood-
stained shirt and seriously voiced his doubts.
He wasn’t afraid at all, as if he was certain that Adam wouldn’t kill him.
Adam held the silver cross pendant with one hand and calmly said, “Before
now, you were able to be of quite some use in many ways.”
“He” took two steps forward and continued with limpid eyes, “When Amon
came to steal the corpse cathedral, I made a deal with ‘Him.’ By helping me
obtain the first Blasphemy Slate, I’ll help ‘Him’ capture you.”
Is that so… Klein was instantly enlightened.
On the one hand, Adam didn’t wish to be obstructed by existences like the
True Creator when “He” became a god, and on the other hand, “He” wanted
to obtain the first Blasphemy Slate. Therefore, “He” used the Unshadowed
Crucifix and other methods to give Klein an impetus to head for the Giant
King’s Court, open the door to the chamber where Sasrir was sleeping, and
attract the attention of the True Creator and other existences. On the other
hand, “He” used “His” brother, Amon, to steal the first Blasphemy Slate at
the critical moment.
And to capture Klein, who was about to obtain preliminary control of
Sefirah Castle, it would definitely be most appropriate to have a Visionary
arrange the developments for “Him.”
Although Amon and Adam usually appear distant, “They” are still brothers
and can work together more easily… Klein nodded slightly and looked at
the stained glass that had distorted faces.
“I also didn’t expect Zaratul to cooperate with you. Isn’t ‘He’ afraid of
becoming food for Amon?”
When Klein established Utopia, he had considered Amon’s attack and
Zaratul’s destruction. However, he never expected that “They” would work
together in a certain way.
From his point of view, the chances of Zaratul completely siding with the
Mother Tree of Desire were higher than this, unless Adam had unknowingly
arranged such a development for “Him.”
Adam’s limpid eyes showed sympathy.
“To ‘Him,’ you becoming a Great Old One means that ‘He’ will definitely
perish. However, if Amon becomes one, as long as ‘He’ expresses ‘His’
loyalty, ‘He’ can still retain ‘His’ present level and status. A Lord of the
Mysteries still requires an Attendant of Mysteries.
“Therefore, ‘He’ chose to cooperate with me. During this process, if ‘He’
can seize the opportunity and turn you into a marionette before I do, using
you to enter Sefirah Castle and become the owner of the sefirah, then ‘He’
has the right to demand an opportunity to face Antigonus at Evernight’s
place and have an ultimate showdown with Amon. On the contrary, ‘He’
will completely admit defeat and pledge allegiance to Amon.
“On this point, ‘He’ was very decisive.”
“It doesn’t seem like your style to explain so much,” Klein replied casually
before frowning. “You don’t need all the Sequence 1 Beyonder
characteristics of the corresponding pathway to become a Great Old One?”
He had deduced this from the relationship between the ancient sun god and
the eight Kings of Angels. However, he believed that one had to first
become a Great Old One or a quasi one before dividing the characteristics.
Adam replied gently, “For neighboring pathways, all that’s needed is a
Uniqueness and a Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristic. It’s easy to lose
control if one forcefully occupies more. Therefore, after Zaratul pledged
allegiance to Amon, ‘He’ still has the chance to become a King of Angels.
And ‘He’ isn’t able to pledge allegiance to you because ‘He’ can’t separate
a Sequence 2 avatar like those from the Marauder pathway, and then
stealing ‘His’ main body’s Spirit Body, consciousness, and psyche over,
turning the avatar into the main body.”
This was the qualitative difference between a Seer’s marionette and a
Marauder’s Worm of Time. The former involved Spirit Body Threads, while
the latter relied on themselves.
Furthermore, the reason the Marauder angel could do this was because
“Their” Sequence 2 was Trojan Horse of Destiny.
Just as Klein nodded, he suddenly saw Adam turn “His” body, revealing
something beneath the cross.
It was a gray stone slab. There were many mottled marks on its surface,
making it look rather ancient.
This was very similar to the first Blasphemy Slate, but it didn’t have that
abnormally ancient feeling to it.
It also had words that looked like the source of all languages. They were
written with the names of Sequences and potion formulas.
“The second Blasphemy Slate?” Klein asked in surprise.
His gaze quickly swept across the stone slab. He didn’t read the first few
paragraphs, but instead looked at the last few lines.
His intuition told him that there was a very important piece of information
there.
“There’s no need to rush. Amon has to complete the ritual and become a
Sequence 0 before stealing your fate. Otherwise, ‘He’ wouldn’t be able to
withstand the identity as Sefirah Castle’s owner. And before that, it’s best to
let you continue staying in my kingdom.” Adam acted as though he was
consoling a repentant.
Kill me… Klein muttered inwardly.
At this moment, he figured out the last few lines.
God Almighty, Creator, Maker, The Omnipotent and Omniscient, Lord of
the Astral World:
Sea of Chaos + Visionary Uniqueness + The Sun Uniqueness + Tyrant
Uniqueness + White Tower Uniqueness + The Hanged Man Uniqueness + 1
Author Beyonder characteristic + 1 White Angel Beyonder characteristic +
1 Thunder God Beyonder characteristic +1 Omniscient Eye Beyonder
characteristic +1 Dark Angel Beyonder characteristic.
Lord of the Mysteries, King of Space-Time, Beacon of Destiny,
Embodiment of Sefirah Castle, Dominator of the Spirit World:
Sefirah Castle + The Fool Uniqueness + Error Uniqueness + Door
Uniqueness + 1 Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic + 1 Worm
of Time Beyonder characteristic + 1 Key of Stars Beyonder characteristic.
Upon seeing this, Klein turned his head to look at Adam and asked in
puzzlement, “Why are you showing me these?”
Wouldn’t it be safer to hypnotize me and put me to sleep until Amon
becomes a god?
Adam’s eyes were clear as “He” said with a warm expression, “To be frank,
if the other party wasn’t Amon, then I’d be more willing to help you
become the Dominator of the Spirit World.
“We have too many things in common. In a sense, we are old friends who
have met before.”
With that said, “He” smiled and said, “We meet again, Mysteries.”