Chapter 1180

: Different Effects
1180 Different Effects
In the Forsaken Land of the Gods, at night when the frequency of lightning
had dropped to a very low frequency.
Two slices of white bread and a piece of barbecued meat is pretty good after
all… The sweet and sour desserts from the Fog Sea are better than I had
expected… After swallowing the last mouthful of food, Klein sighed in
amazement from the bottom of his heart. He then threw the remaining
packaging into the darkness—after all, there was no concept of
environmental protection here, nor was there a rubbish bin.
Of course, he had removed his connection with those items ahead of time,
just like how he would head over to Sefirah Castle to perform
“sterilization” every time he abandoned a marionette. This was to prevent
Amon’s avatars from locking onto him with them.
Hmm, lifeless objects won’t be transferred into a concealed state by the
darkness here… Klein raised the lantern that Danitz had sacrificed, and he
illuminated the abandoned items.
It was only after he filled his stomach that he was in the mood to try out the
dangerous things he had previously divined.
Amidst the flickering dim yellow light, Klein reached his right hand out
into the air and dragged out another projection of himself.
It was another version of him from the Historical Void, one who was also
holding onto a lantern.
Klein entered the grayish-white fog one second later, allowing his
projection’s consciousness to awaken.
The projection was surrounded by a group of monsters. Amidst the endless
darkness, it opened its mouth, planning to recite the name, “Amanises.”
“…”
He didn’t manage to make a single sound, as though the words he wanted to
say had been concealed.
“Indeed, it’s as I expected.” Wearing a silk half top hat and a black trench
coat, Klein slowly took a deep breath.
Looking at the lantern that emitted faint yellow light, he suddenly chanted
in Jotun, “Leodero!”
Before he could finish his sentence, more than a hundred lightning bolts
warped as if they were responding to being summoned. They instantly
blanketed the area.
There was no time for him to dodge. Even if he had switched places with a
marionette, he would still be within the attack range.
Amidst the brightening of silvery-white light, he collapsed to the ground.
His body was charred as he convulsed violently, as though he had become a
gigantic piece of coal.
Then, his figure rapidly dissipated as the illusion vanished.
Wearing a real top hat, clothed in an Intis-styled windbreaker and carrying a
simple lantern, Klein immediately “returned” to reality and continued
proceeding forward as if nothing had happened.
After walking for a while, his figure suddenly turned blurry and clear.
Following that, Klein opened his mouth again and read out a name in Jotun:
“Au…”
Just as he produced the first syllable, a transparent flame burst out from his
body, instantly reducing him to ashes, not giving him a chance to switch
places with his marionette.
Klein’s figure appeared once again. He pressed his hat and walked calmly
on the hill filled with strange plants.
“Herabergen.”
…
“Badheil.”
…
“Omebella.”
…
There’s nothing out of the ordinary. There are no traces of the
corresponding divine powers left in the vicinity of the City of Silver…
Medici, Ouroboros, Sasrir… These are of no use, neither one of “Them” are
deities… I thought that the situation at Afternoon Town and the Giant
King’s Court was due to special circumstances. Using Sasrir’s true name
outside can activate the powers of degeneration from the Forsaken Land of
the Gods… As a King of Angels with the Uniqueness, Red Angel is also
considered half a true god. Yet, there aren’t any traces left of “Him.” How
shameful for a person—no, shameful for a King of Angels! As Klein
walked down the hill, he followed his spiritual intuition and headed
northwest where the city ruins of Nois were.
He would occasionally take a detour, occasionally using Flaming Jump, and
he didn’t follow the route that the City of Silver had used to explore to
reach their destination.
…
Backlund, late at night.
Feeling that she had digested the potion a little more, Audrey very eagerly
used Dream Traversal to leave her mansion and to enter the various dreams
of the surrounding area.
Knowing what the current situation was like, she had a strong desire to
become a demigod.
Just like that, she suddenly saw someone familiar.
This was a noble lady who had a good relationship with her. She was 29
years old and had married a viscount two years ago.
At this moment, the lady’s room was filled with rose petals. The bed was
white, and there was a heart-shaped ring placed on it. And she could hear
knocking sounds from the outside.
With flushed cheeks, the lady quickly walked over and opened the window.
A man wearing a black iron mask and a dark cloak leaped in. He hugged the
lady and whispered, “I’ll take you away from your suffering.”
Then, the two of them started to wrap their bodies around one another as
they rolled into bed.
As a Dreamwalker who was working hard to digest the potion, Audrey had
long seen similar scenes. She had experienced the phase of feeling
embarrassed, and she sighed at how everyone’s dreams were full of
imagination. At that moment, she didn’t lose her composure at all. She
maintained the etiquette of a Spectator, as though she was witnessing an
overly intense play.
After a brief examination, she discovered a problem:
The man wearing the black iron mask wasn’t the wife’s spouse, but more
like a particular playboy in the aristocratic circles.
Is this a reflection of what’s hidden in her heart? Audrey muttered to herself
in an academic manner while analyzing the dream.
Following that, she “traversed” into the dream beside her out of curiosity.
This dream corresponded to the noble wife’s husband, the viscount.
In the dream, this viscount was busy attending a discussion at the House of
Lords. Later, he was chased by an earl with a revolver. The latter claimed
that he had tricked his daughter.
After escaping to a safe zone, the viscount found his female secretary to
vent his fear.
Audrey couldn’t help but leave the dream, wanting to see the state the
viscount and his wife were in.
In the bedroom under the illumination of the crimson moonlight, the
viscount was hugging his wife on the huge white bed. His wife was hugging
him and sleeping in a very intimate manner.
Yes, I have to realize that everyone has a dark side to them. It’s just a dream
that they’ve had. If “conviction” for a mere instantaneous thought was
carried out, then everyone would descend into hell, and no one will be
spared, including myself… I can control my dark side, preventing it from
ever being realized in the real world. To most people, that’s already
considered excellent… Audrey increasingly felt that acting as a
Dreamwalker was a way to question and hone one’s mind and body.
She entered the dreamscape again and “traversed” to another area.
Not long after, she arrived at a warm “room.”
There was a dining table placed over a thick carpet. At the seat of honor
was a white-haired old lady.
To her sides were a middle-aged couple and three children who were not of
age. They were all enjoying the delicious food, chatting and laughing.
It was dark outside the room. The strong winds made the glass groan and
thump as they seemed to brew a horrifying sensation before the disaster
struck.
What is the owner of this dream bothered about? Audrey retreated from the
dream and tried to find an answer from the real world to verify her
hypothesis.
She then saw a small bed and the white-haired old lady.
There were photo frames on the bedside table of the old lady. They were
either wrapped in black cloth or white flowers—consisting of a middle-
aged couple and three underage children.
Audrey silently turned her head to look out the window, only to see that
there were ruins nearby, ones left behind by an explosion.
The young noble lady pursed her lips and suddenly returned to the old
lady’s dreams.
She didn’t stop the disaster that might happen. She only conjured a chair
and sat on it. She looked at the happy and warm family in a solemn manner.
Amidst the howling wind and glass, the room was brightly lit. There was
the fragrance of food and laughter everywhere.
Audrey had already concluded one of the acting principles of Dreamwalker:
“A traveler of a dream enters, takes in the sights, and records—never
interfering. That was a Spectator.”
…
In Saint Samuel Cathedral, having been summoned by Bishop Anthony
Steven, Leonard slowly walked up the spiral staircase under the sunlight
that shone in through the stained glass.
Suddenly, he said with a suppressed voice, “Old Man, that secret gathering
is about to begin again. Are you really planning to attempt to enter the
treasures left behind by the Jacob family at the end of the month?”
“I’m not sure yet, but this is an opportunity. At the very least, Amon’s main
body is being tied down by the matter regarding Sefirah Castle. “He” won’t
suddenly appear.” In Leonard’s mind, Pallez Zoroast replied with a slightly
hoarse voice, “However, I’m more inclined to reveal the news of the
treasure trove. I want the people at the gathering to adventure and explore
it. We’ll stay in the vicinity and observe the situation, taking what I need
from their hands.”
Leonard was taken aback as he whispered, “Old Man, isn’t that too
sinister?”
This was using the members of the Hermits of Fate as tools to step into a
trap.
“Heh, naive, childish. You can tell them all the details and let them decide
whether they want to go on their own.” Pallez scoffed.
Leonard didn’t mention it again. Instead, he asked, “Old Man, when can I
become a demigod?”
Pallez chuckled.
“If you can obtain a spirit at the level of your former colleague’s messenger,
you’ll be able to digest the potion by the beginning of next year. However,
heh heh, it’s better to act according to my instructions. Engage in a deeper
level of acting. Wait till the second half of next year, you’ll have the
qualifications to try for Sequence 4. Of course, I’m not sure if the Church of
Evernight will give you the potion and hold a ritual for you. That high-
ranking deacon named Cesimir Crestet, had to wait several years before he
truly became a demigod when war truly broke out, didn’t he?”
Leonard nodded and asked thoughtfully, “Old Man, can you act as a spirit
to help me digest the potion?
“Your level should be higher than Klein’s messenger…”
Pallez Zoroast fell silent for a few seconds before he chortled.
“What a great idea.
“How about I help you digest the potion?”
“How?” Leonard knew that Old Man was mocking him, but he couldn’t
help but ask.
“I’ll deeply parasitize you, gaining full control over your body,” Pallez
snapped back.
As he spoke, Leonard came to the door of the Backlund diocese’s
archbishop.
He immediately shut his mouth and raised his right hand to knock on the
door.
“Come in.” Anthony Steven glanced at Leonard who had opened the door.
“You can release that vampire behind Chanis Gate.”