Chapter 395

: The Sheriff Beyonder
Characteristics
Dark Emperor? The Hanged Man, who was casually listening to Miss
Justice, suddenly raised his head. His gaze suddenly became sharp and
piercing.
He had just learned that the card in Mr. Fool’s hand was one of the Cards of
Blasphemy created by Emperor Roselle; the name of the card was Dark
Emperor!
Does this have to do with Mr. Fool? Alger quickly glanced at the end of the
long bronze table, before immediately lowering his head.
If it was really done by Mr. Fool’s adorer, this definitely isn’t a simple
matter… Alger listened attentively to Miss Justice’s subsequent
descriptions.
Fors, who had long since learned of this from Xio and had some predictions
about it, also gave The Fool a glance. She wanted to see the truth from the
concealed entity’s reaction, but The Fool remained as calm as ever in the
thick gray fog.
Audrey, who wasn’t able to glean anything either, paused for a moment,
then continued, “The victim is a tycoon, Capim. Many rumors point to him
being the biggest human trafficker in Backlund. Hero Bandit Dark Emperor
infiltrated his villa and robbed him of his life, rescuing many innocent girls
who were locked up in his underground dungeon.
“When Capim’s corpse was discovered, it was covered with a deck of tarot
cards. His face was covered with the cards, Judgment and The Emperor.”
She didn’t mention the safe as she found it unimportant.
Covered with tarot cards? Is that the symbol for when our Tarot Club takes
action? Wait a minute, a human trafficker? Alger sharply noticed a phrase.
He turned to the end of the long bronze table and humbly asked, “Mr. Fool,
is Capim related to the disappearance of the colonial slaves?”
The latter was a mission had been assigned to him by the Church of the
Lord of Storms, and he had formerly targeted a suspect named Baelen and
had asked Backlund residents—Justice, The Magician, and The World—to
keep an eye out for him.
As a result, upon hearing the word “human trafficker,” Alger intuitively
believed that it had something to do with the disappearance of many tribes
on the Southern Continent and the flight of many slaves from many islands
in the Sonia Sea.
He felt that only a matter such as this, which seemed to hold some secrets,
could interest Mr. Fool.
Of course, it cannot be ruled out that it was an independent act by Mr.
Fool’s adorer. He couldn’t possibly be waiting for everything to be arranged
like a manipulated puppet… Alger thought.
Capim has something to do with the recent disappearance of the colonial
slaves? On second thought, that’s not a possibility that can be eliminated.
There were four Beyonders in his villa, and that in itself isn’t normal in the
first place… Even if a tycoon like him were to hire Beyonder bodyguards,
then he would only be able to get a Sequence 7 and two Sequences 8s or 9s
at most. Back then, Harras, together with his mystical items, was equivalent
to a Sequence 5 expert… The Hanged Man’s words jolted Klein’s thoughts
as he felt that the matter could vaguely be linked together.
However, he wasn’t sure about his theory, and he could only disregard The
Hanged Man’s question. He chuckled and said, “My adorer made some
minor contributions in this matter.”
As expected! Audrey’s eyes shone brightly as she cheered in her heart.
As expected… It’s the first time that I encountered anything to do with the
Tarot Club in real life… Fors was half happy and half wistful.
Alger believed that Mr. Fool’s words were an indirect confirmation of his
conjecture.
Capim was definitely not a simple human trafficker. Otherwise, he wouldn’t
have caused a hidden existence’s adorer to take action. Therefore, there was
a strong correlation between the human trafficking and the disappearance
of the slaves, both were matters that weren’t simple.
Without waiting for Miss Justice to speak, Klein lightly tapped his finger on
the edge of the ancient long table and leisurely added, “He obtained two
Beyonder characteristics from this matter and wishes to sell them as quickly
as possible. The two characteristics correspond to Sequence 8 Sheriff, and
the other is Sequence 7 Interrogator.
Sheriff, Interrogator… Aren’t those from the Arbiter pathway which is
controlled by the Augustus family? Only members of the royal family,
ancient nobles, and the military could possibly acquire them… Capim had
one of them backing him? Not excluding the possibility of the Feynapotter
Kingdom’s Castiya family… Alger frowned, feeling that the disappearance
of the slaves wasn’t as simple as it seemed.
Audrey’s thoughts were similar to his. She had never thought that the
Beyonders at Capim’s villa would be from the Arbiter pathway.
It’s impossible that the faction in control of the corresponding formulas
would collude with a human trafficker like Capim… Audrey pursed her lips
slightly, puzzled and confused.
Sheriff? Fors, who knew that her good friend, Xio, was saving up for the
potion ingredients for this Sequence, sat up hurriedly and asked in
puzzlement, “Mr. Fool, what are Beyonder characteristics?”
That’s not what I expected. Shouldn’t you directly ask me how much it is?
That’s right, I don’t think I’ve ever told Miss Magician about the Law of
Beyonder Characteristics Indestructibility and Conservation… Klein was
taken aback for a moment, and then he began to consider his tone.
And at that moment, Audrey spoke out on his behalf.
“Mr. Fool, may I answer the question? The corresponding payment shall be
paid directly to you.”
She and Fors are friends, and she had volunteered out of the fear that Mr.
Fool wouldn’t share that knowledge again.
“No problem.” Klein smiled in response.
Miss Justice is always able to worry about the things that trouble me… He
sighed with emotion inwardly.
Phew. Audrey breathed a silent sigh of relief and turned to face Fors. She
deliberately didn’t use the pronunciation and unique vocabulary of a noble
to say, “Do you want to know the answer?
“What are you willing to pay?”
Fors nodded without hesitation.
“Of course!”
She looked at the figure shrouded in gray fog and respectfully asked, “Mr.
Fool, can I use another chapter of the Sights in the Spirit World as
payment?”
She specifically emphasized “another” because she knew that the chapter
she would give to Mr. World would be first sacrificed to Mr. Fool, and the
knowledge that could be viewed at any time didn’t seem to have any value
for a transaction.
It wasn’t to say that she suspected that a mighty figure like Mr. Fool would
peek. She just felt that it was more sincere to change the chapter.
Sometimes, a mighty figure only cares about your attitude… Fors had read
such things in many novels.
Leaning back in his chair, Klein replied in an unconcerned tone, “Sure.”
“Thank you, Mr. Fool.” Fors said, unable to suppress her smile.
She instinctively believed that she had come into contact with certain secret
high-level knowledge!
Audrey was completely relieved as she smiled faintly.
“In the Beyonder world, there is a law. Remember, it’s a law.
“In similar pathways, the total Beyonder characteristics are conserved,
never reducing or increasing. It will only move from one entity to another,
changing from one form to another.
“Therefore, after the death of a Beyonder, their characteristics will be
separated and become equivalent to the main ingredient of a potion. Oh,
apart from the remains of Rampagers. There are too many latent troubles
with those, so they can only be made into items.”
After the death of a Beyonder, their characteristics will be separated and
become equivalent to the main ingredient of a potion? In that instance, it
was as if lightning flashed through Fors’s mind, allowing her to understand
many things.
It turns out that the remains Mrs. Aulisa left me was her Beyonder
characteristic… It turns out that in the eyes of others, every Beyonder is
equivalent to walking ingredients… That’s really dark… Fors clenched her
fists tightly, feeling that the Beyonder world was essentially filled with
madness.
However, she didn’t feel disgusted by the fact that she had become a
Beyonder because she had consumed the Beyonder characteristics left
behind by Mrs. Aulisa. Instead, it gave her a faint sense of warmth.
After losing her mother, before she met Xio, Mrs. Aulisa was the person
who treated her the best. For Fors, it was a sad but warm experience for her
to inherit Mrs. Aulisa’s remains and be with her forever.
“So that’s the case. The Law of Beyonder Characteristics Indestructibility
and Conservation… That means the characteristic left behind by a Sheriff
Beyonder is equivalent to all the main ingredients?” Fors asked an
additional question to verify her thoughts.
“Yes.” Audrey also thought of Xio.
Fors immediately stood up and bowed to the mysterious existence that was
looking down at everything.
“Mr. Fool, can you get your adorer to reserve the Sheriff’s corresponding
Beyonder characteristic? I wish to buy it, but I temporarily lack the funds.
Please give me another week, is that fine?”
“Sure.” Klein took on an attitude as though he didn’t care.
Fors heaved a sigh of relief and quickly asked, “How much does your
adorer wish to receive in gold pounds?”
The price of a corresponding Sequence 8 Beyonder ingredient is around
300 pounds… Klein smiled.
“600 pounds.”
After naming the price, he immediately switched topics, showing that he
didn’t care about a Sequence 8 Beyonder characteristic.
He looked around and conjured a few goatskin parchments.
“This is the meaning of a portion of Roselle’s secret symbols. It’s
considered free knowledge, making it easier for you to collect the diary
entries in the future.”
The information included numbers and dates.
The reason why Klein had taught the members of the Tarot Club this
information was that he was afraid that they would later end up buying
counterfeits.
With the knowledge of dates, they’ll be able to eliminate most counterfeits…
Klein chuckled inwardly.
Audrey and the others were pleasantly surprised, never expecting to gain
such knowledge. Although they had already discovered that the secret
symbols on the goatskin were the simplest ones, they all believed that this
was a good start. With a first time, there would be a second time and a third
time!
After a short exchange, Klein said in a gentle tone, “Let us end today’s
gathering here.”
“By your will.” Audrey, Alger, and the others stood up at the same time and
bowed.
The crimson rays of light dissipated, and the ancient palace above the gray
fog returned to its former tranquility. Only Klein was left sitting alone on
the high-back chair belonging to The Fool.