Chapter 579

: Academic Question
As she spoke, Helene’s eyes moved up slightly as though she was immersed
in her memories.
“Early on, I transported iron and coal from Midseashire to Feynapotter, then
I shipped back tobacco, coffee, cocoa, and other native specialties back to
Intis. This is a sea route that borders the shore, so it was rather safe. The
competition was intense as well. In order to quickly get out of my
predicament and save up money, I worked hard to raise my Sequence,
hoping that I could trade in the colonies.
“Unfortunately, just as I familiarized myself with the sea route and made
some money, I chanced upon Ailment Maiden Tracy, who wasn’t Vice
Admiral Ailment at the time, in one of her raids during my second trip to
West Balam. She only had one ship back then, but she was very powerful.
My partner and I resisted with our lives, but all of that was in vain.
“She doesn’t have the habit of killing mindlessly. All she did was snatch the
goods, as well as myself…”
As expected of an oddity among Demonesses… Klein listened in silence and
used his Clown powers to suppress his embarrassed emotions to
expressionlessly ask, “How far did the relationship between the two of you
go?”
“We didn’t!” Helene instinctively denied. “She forced me! I-I didn’t want to
die. I-I could o-only choose to accept it. B-besides, she’s a woman!”
Lady, there’s no need to get so worked up. If I had asked if the two of you
had a relationship that went beyond friendship, would you have jumped
out? It’s only because I’m kind enough and had considered your shame
which had prevented me from being so direct… Sigh. Under the facade of
the crazy Gehrman Sparrow is a gentlemanly me… That’s the true me…
Klein switched to asking without a change in expression, “What kind of
food do you like? Are there any dishes you especially like? Do you prefer
sweet or salty food, or somewhere in between?
“What food do you dislike? What food are you allergic to?
“Do you have any dietary restrictions? If you do, what are they?
“…”
These questions made Helene feel like she was in a dream, as though
everything was surreal.
She never imagined that the man would ask her such questions. It was like a
pursuer was asking his crush what hobbies she had.
No! No pursuer would ask such questions! These are all indirectly obtained
from numerous chats, or are obtained by other means! No woman would
like to be questioned like that! T-this is like a survey which Emperor Roselle
created… W-what does he want? He’s asking these questions without any
expression. I’m so afraid… Helene fell silent for a few seconds before
answering them one after another under Klein’s cold, unmoving gaze.
Klein maintained his seating posture of leaning forward and continued
asking, “How do you usually sit? Do you have any habitual motions…”
The more Helene answered, the more panicked she became. She had the
inexplicable feeling that answering these questions would make her
disappear.
By the time the perplexing and terrifying “survey” was done, she felt heavy
deep down, constantly suspecting that a terrible outcome awaited her.
Why don’t I risk it and jump off the carriage while he isn’t paying attention?
Helene seriously considered the possibility.
However, the man didn’t seem to have any indication of attacking her, and
this made her indecisive. She felt that there was hope to resolve the matter
amicably.
After grasping Helene’s personality, habits, and preferences, Klein turned
the topic towards Vice Admiral Ailment.
“What do you know of Tracy?”
Helene fell silent as her mouth quivered a few times. She couldn’t bring
herself to speak.
After the carriage continued on for quite a while, it was only then that she
finally smiled ruefully.
“She possesses excellent combat abilities. She’s good at infiltration and
curses, with her being capable of turning invisible and becoming light.
“She grasps the means of swapping bodies with a mirror or magic staff, as
well as black flames and frost. She can make enemies in a certain range
suddenly fall sick, including colds, pneumonia, gastroenteritis, and other
illnesses. The longer the fight lasts with her, the worse the ailments
inflicted. Some Beyonders might even directly die from a heart attack.
“She c-can also create invisible threads to control her enemy. She knows
human ana-anatomy very well. She can easily give people pleasure through
contact—th-that kind of pleasure.
“She has an active charming ability that would make many pirates give up
putting up a resistance once they’re near her.
“S-she’s often friendly, but she’s cruel to her enemies. She enjoys
destroying the perfection that others would wish to protect, making them
suffer immense pain and torment…”
Helene didn’t go into detail on how Tracy destroyed the state of perfection
of others. There were many cruel stories and hilarious matters. This Ailment
Maiden had once made her enemies—a father and son duo—kill each other,
as well as instigate an enemy’s wife to betray him and let him come across
the scene.
As expected of a Demoness. She’s a Sequence 5 Demoness who’s one
Sequence higher than Demoness of Pleasure… Klein gained a basic grasp
of Tracy’s combat style, and he calmly asked again, “Does she have any
mystical items?”
“… Yes. A bangle that’s inlaid with diamonds. As long as she wears it, it’s
very difficult for Tracy to be injured.” Helene hesitated before revealing
Vice Admiral Ailment’s secret.
Klein asked a few other detailed questions as he straightened his body a
little.
“Tracy is helping the Demoness Sect perform human trafficking?”
This was something he took great notice of when he heard Vice Admiral
Iceberg Edwina mention it.
The Demoness Sect cooperated with Ince Zangwill, and it was related to the
royal family. It involved an underground ruin whose location was unknown.
Tracy helped them in the human trafficking.
Baelen, who was pointed out by The Hanged Man, was someone who
orchestrated numerous disappearance cases of slaves and the
disappearance of primitive tribes in the Southern Continent. With him
appearing at the underground ruins, he would be a member of the upper
echelons.
The biggest human trafficker, Capim, had Beyonders who were of the
Arbiter pathway protecting him. And this is a pathway controlled by the
Loen and Feynapotter royal families, as well as their military…
All of these matters that Klein was aware of linked together to form a line,
but he wasn’t sure what it actually exposed. Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy
was a breakthrough point.
“What Demoness Sect?” Helene asked in puzzlement.
“You don’t have to know,” Klein calmly replied.
If you don’t know what a Demoness is and end up suspecting that the
extremely charming Vice Admiral Ailment who gives you pleasure is a dirty
and savage man, then I’m afraid that you would’ve lost control on the
spot… You don’t have to thank me. I’m a good person… Klein lampooned
inwardly.
Helene suppressed her puzzlement and said while recalling, “In recent
years, she’s been busy shipping slaves. The other end of the trade is Crazy
Captain Connors Viktor. Rumor has it that he and many human traffickers
and slave merchants in Loen have a deep partnership.”
Crazy Captain Connors Viktor… Klein remembered the nickname and
name.
He nodded and no longer spoke in a heavy voice. Instead, he said in a
relatively gentle voice, “Did you involve yourself in such matters? Such as
being a part-time pirate?”
This very polite and amiable tone left Danitz trembling for some baffling
reason. He felt that Gehrman Sparrow being in such a state was much more
terrifying than his cold and expressionless state.
“No.” Helene shook her head. “The blood of the Sauron family flows in me.
I will not bring shame to my family. Be-besides, Tracy always said that she
wouldn’t let me be tainted by bloodshed and darkness. All of that would be
faced by her.”
She must’ve read too many romance novels… Klein took out a gold coin
and allowed it to weave between his fingers like it was dancing.
He didn’t keep it from Helene as he performed a divination in front of her
to confirm that she wasn’t lying.
The result was that she was rather honest.
This is also because I didn’t ask in detail about her emotional
entanglements with Tracy; otherwise, she wouldn’t be that honest… Klein
secretly reflected and put away the gold coin.
At that moment in time, the carriage had circled around the harbor, no
longer heading for the ship that Helene was meant to board.
Klein looked at the scenery outside the window and took out a small metal
bottle. He handed it to Helene and said, “Use the liquid inside to wipe away
your makeup.”
“Why?” Helene subconsciously asked.
“This isn’t something you should be asking,” Klein leaned forward once
again and said without expression.
Despite feeling aggrieved and furious, Helene didn’t wish to agitate the man
and get on his bad side at such a critical moment. She could only remove
the bottle cap and took a sniff at it to test if it was poisonous.
“Can it be used directly?” she asked.
Klein tersely acknowledged in the affirmative.
Helene took out a white handkerchief and dabbed it with the bottle’s liquid.
Then, she began wiping her face and quickly cleaned away her prior
disguise.
Her aesthetically-pleasing masculinity vanished and her contours became
softer as Helene’s original looks were presented before Klein.
After careful observation, Klein calmly said, “Take off your hat and let
down your hair.”
Helene furrowed her brows and had a nagging feeling that what followed
would be unacceptable instructions such as taking off her clothes.
She took a deep breath, removed her hat, and released her coiled red hair.
Immediately, she appeared extremely feminine.
Klein straightened his body and leaned back on the carriage wall before
calmly instructing, “You can put on your disguise again.”
Is he a madman? After all this, he wants me to revert to how I was before?
Helene didn’t dare to voice her displeasure, afraid that the man would raise
unacceptable requests. She hurriedly opened her suitcase and took out a
mirror to look at herself.
The makeup has been removed so cleanly… She was stunned for a moment
before she quickly put on makeup and coiled her hair.
When the carriage came to a stop, she was already looking like a handsome
young man.
Klein nodded indiscernibly and looked out the window before retracting his
gaze.
“One last question.”
“What?” Helene asked nervously.
Klein raised his line of sight a little as his facial muscles moved.
“How big are your breasts?”
“…” Helene was first taken aback before her face flushed red.
This wasn’t a redness caused by embarrassment, but an anger from wanting
to punch the man in the chin.
Klein didn’t move his gaze as he calmly added, “It’s an academic question.”
“…” Noticing no sexual intent from his eyes, Helene inhaled and closed her
eyes to answer the question.
Klein secretly heaved a sigh of relief and took out a boat ticket and a stack
of papers.
“New identification, tickets to Tiana Port.
“Once you’re there, buy tickets to Pritz Harbor.”
Helene glanced at him vigilantly before receiving the tickets and
documents. She carried her suitcase and carefully alighted the carriage to
see the ship she was taking.
Klein followed behind her and watched her leave. From the corner of his
eye, he saw Danitz trying hard to hold back his laughter.