Chapter 980

: Choice of Parasitic Target
After some placating, Aaron Ceres and Wilma Gladys finally managed to
calm down the baby.
Phew… The thin and tall Aaron heaved a sigh of relief and got up. Nudging
his gold-rimmed glasses, he nodded at his guest with an apologetic look.
After organizing his words for a few seconds, he said, “Sorry about that.
Children are often like this.”
“Indeed.” Klein smiled in reply, indicating that he didn’t mind it one bit.
Following that, he changed the topic of conversation and continued sharing
his experiences in East and West Balam.
During this process, he made use of his Beyonder powers once more,
making everyone in the activity room fall under the effects of an illusion.
Then, he picked up the ice-cream which he hadn’t finished, changed the
spoon and got up with a smile. Walking to the pram, he asked gently, “Will,
do you want some?”
Without waiting for the chubby fellow wrapped in silver silk to reply, he
said with a gentle tone, “You’re born now and should be able to fold a paper
crane. This way, I don’t have to visit often. You should know how
suspicious it is.”
Will Auceptin Ceres glared at him without giving him a reply.
Klein didn’t flinch as he took out a piece of high-quality paper and placed it
in the pram.
Then, he bent down, scooping out some ice-cream.
“A price is always exacted for what fate bestows, isn’t it?” Klein chuckled
as he swished the spoon in his hand.
In the pram, Will raised his left hand, wiping the tears that hadn’t dried
from his face, and mumbled, “For Beyonders of the Fate pathway, the
exacted price needs to be paid first before awaiting bestowment.”
With that said, the chubby baby grabbed the piece of paper and folded a
paper crane with great difficulty.
Klein stood in front of the pram and maintained the stability of the spoon,
watching this scene with a smile.
A carriage set off from Pinster Street and headed for Saint Samuel
Cathedral.
While passing by 160 Böklund Street, Leonard Mitchell looked out the
window and seemingly muttered to himself, “Dwayne Dantès is back as
well.”
The slightly-aged voice rang out in his mind:
“Fate will ultimately intertwine.”
“Old Man, you’re becoming more of a charlatan after you woke up.”
Leonard couldn’t help but mock.
Pallez Zoroast chuckled without a reply.
After coming to Saint Samuel Cathedral, Leonard entered the study of
Backlund’s archbishop, Saint Anthony, under a priest’s lead.
Anthony Stevenson was wearing a black robe with red hues. His eyes were
deep and his face clean-shaven. Standing by a cupboard, the shadow created
seemed like an unknown existence that observed everything from the
darkness. It stirred fear into anyone.
“Your Grace, you summoned me?” Although Leonard had already
anticipated it, he still bowed in a rather lacking manner.
Anthony nodded gently and said, “You have already rendered enough
services to apply to become a Sequence 5 Spirit Warlock. However, you
haven’t finished digesting the Soul Assurer potion; therefore, I’ll be
extracting you out of Soest’s team and assigning you some separate
missions.”
Leonard replied, as per protocol, “I am at your command.”
Anthony picked up a stack of papers on his desk and said, “These are cases
with suspected paranormal activity. You are to investigate each case, mainly
placating or purifying them. If you require additional assistance, you can
select members from the Nighthawks team of each area of jurisdiction.”
“Yes, Your Grace.” Leonard would’ve done similar tasks even if Saint
Anthony hadn’t instructed him to do so. Therefore, he had zero objections
toward such an assignment.
After receiving the stack of papers, he casually flipped through it and said,
“Your Grace, what’s Captain Soest’s team busy with at present?” He had
been focused on revenge over the past half-year, making himself appear
desultory and insular. This prevented him from building strong friendships
with the Red Gloves teammates, but despite that, they were teammates who
he had fought alongside with. He couldn’t help but be concerned for them.
“They have been assigned to help Crestet finish a mission,” Anthony
Stevenson didn’t answer in detail.
His Excellency Cesimir is also in Backlund… Leonard didn’t ask further as
he gestured four points across his chest in a clockwise fashion.
“May the Goddess bless everyone.”
“Praise the Lady.” Anthony did the same gesture.
After leaving the archbishop’s study, Leonard headed down to the
basement. He wanted to find a quiet room and list down his upcoming
mission and run through them in the assigned order.
Midway while walking down the stairs, he subconsciously looked at the
stained windows above him.
The sunlight was shining in, making the artwork made from the stained
windows look even more solemn. It also accentuated the tiny bugs and dust
that floated in midair.
Upon seeing this scene, Leonard suddenly recalled Old Man’s description
of Amon. He had the inexplicable feeling that the Blasphemer was
everywhere.
He trembled inwardly as a thought came to him. He quickly asked with a
suppressed voice, “Old Man, I have a question.
“What is it?” Pallez Zoroast asked slowly.
Leonard asked with a suppressed voice, “Back then, why didn’t you
parasitize a bug? They’re smaller and more concealed. You can easily hide
in cathedrals without being worried that Amon would discover you.”
“How long can a bug live? Continuously switching parasitic targets is
extremely burdensome on the body. This way, not only will recovery not be
possible by parasitizing it, but it will even worsen one’s condition and
shorten one’s lifespan,” Pallez Zoroast harrumphed and said.
Leonard was somewhat enlightened as he pressed, “What about other
creatures? Those that live relatively longer lives and can enter a cathedral
without being noticed.”
Pallez Zoroast immediately chortled before saying, “From the looks of it,
you haven’t kept what I’ve said to heart. This will only serve to make you
suffer in the future!
“The higher the Sequence is, the greater the inclinations towards losing
control is, and the more madness accumulates. This is a trait of the
characteristics, and it can only be resisted and suppressed. There’s no way
to eliminate it.
“Therefore, for a Parasite, choosing a target for parasitizing requires one to
consider these aspects. If one were to parasitize ordinary animals, it’s still
alright for short periods of time, but once it goes on for too long, one will
suffer the effects of the body’s construct and hormones. Heh heh,
everything is reciprocal, isn’t it? A Parasite can influence the target, but so
can the target influence a Parasite.
“When one parasitizes an ordinary animal, it’s necessary to frequently talk
to someone to avoid forgetting one’s former identity. This way, the chances
of exposure is extremely high, and if one doesn’t do that, the host will
definitely influence the Parasite, causing them to lose the ability to speak. It
will muddle one’s own existence until one doesn’t know he is. It would then
result in madness and with the loss of control crushing the Parasite.”
Leonard was left alarmed as he nodded slightly.
“I understand… It’s no wonder you are so strict on choosing a parasitic
target.”
“Are you trying to praise yourself?” Pallez Zoroast tsked. “To us, the best
parasitic target is undoubtedly Beyonders of the same pathway. All aspects
will be synchronized, and by nurturing them one Sequence at a time, they
can be made as replenishments for one’s Beyonder powers. It would be the
best medicine and a potential option for taking over the body.”
Upon hearing Old Man speak of such vile and terrifying matters so calmly,
Leonard frowned slightly as he secretly heaved a sigh of relief. This meant
that Old Man wouldn’t do the same to him.
Pallez Zoroast continued, “The second best choice would be Beyonders
from the Seer or Apprentice pathways. The absorption of their powers
wouldn’t incur too much a burden on the Parasite, allowing them to quickly
recover. “The next choice would then be smart Beyonders of other
pathways. At the very least, communication would be good and cooperation
would be possible.
“As for you, hehe…”
Leonard was just about to retort Old Man when he suddenly saw a bishop
walking down from above. He hurriedly shut his mouth, held onto the
railings, and sped up his pace.
…
Half-past seven in the evening, 39 Böklund Street, Member of Parliament
Macht’s house.
Dressed in a tailcoat, Klein got off a carriage as he buttoned his clothes.
Under the lit fountain’s illumination, he entered the foyer and met Maury
Macht, who was dressed in an olive-green military uniform with an orange-
red sash across his waist. His chest was covered with medals, accolades of
his achievements in war.
His wife, Riana, was wearing a shoulder-exposing dress. She greeted
Dwayne Dantès with a smile, “Welcome, our traveler. Everyone has been
waiting for you to share your experiences at Balam this time.”
“Should I launch a travel column at a newspaper company?” Klein replied
with a joke.
Macht knew that Dwayne Dantès had headed for Southern Continent to do
business. Furthermore, it was a business he kickstarted. Therefore, after
exchanging a smile, he came close and gave him a hug, suppressing his
voice by saying, “Well done!”
Klein smiled with a nod and asked, “Do you like the present?”
He was referring to the bottle of River Valley grape wine that could be
made into a sour cocktail.
“It was excellent. I still fondly recall the taste,” Macht said earnestly.
Klein was about to enter the hall when he noticed something amiss. He did
a cursory glance and asked out of puzzlement, “Miss Hazel isn’t in?
“Has she been sent to study at an all-girls public school?”
Riana sighed as she shook her head.
“No, she’s only sick. She’ll head for public school only in September.”
“She caught a cold?” Klein expressed the concern a guest should have.
Macht said with a helpless smile, “No, she was bitten by a rabid rat when
she was at the manor in the outskirts. Her wound hasn’t healed completely
yet.”
Hazel got bitten… by a rabid rat… Klein nodded in thought.
“Did she see a doctor?
“Oh, has that rat been caught?”
“The doctor gave her an injection to prevent any infections,” Macht said
simply. “That rat still hasn’t been found. Perhaps we need to rear a few
more cats in the manor.”