Chapter 842

: Behind the Door
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
At that instant, the first thought that surfaced in Klein’s mind was: As
expected, Zaratul has a ploy!
Right on the heels of that, he was thankful that he had obtained the correct
door-opening symbol from the Antigonus family’s notebook ahead of time.
With this newfound confidence, he didn’t panic and become at a loss.
Zaratul returned the quill and ink bottle to the past, and he lifted his head.
Scanning “Gehrman Sparrow” and Panatiya, he said with a sigh, “All the
conditions are in place. You can now open the door.”
Upon saying that, he fixed his gaze on “Gehrman Sparrow” and chuckled.
“Don’t forget to take my urn with you.”
Just as he said that, his entire body suddenly crumbled into countless points
of light and scattered into the surroundings, fusing into the void. It was as
though he had long rotted and turned to dust.
Left in the spot where he was sitting, there was a tin urn. Its surface had
ancient patterns that didn’t look anything special.
Klein made “Gehrman Sparrow” take two steps forward, bend down, and
pick up the tin urn. He found it heavy, nothing like something that was fake.
He used the hand holding the goatskin to open the lid and saw that it was
filled with grayish-white powder and particles. It didn’t have a lustrous
glow.
It really is just ordinary ashes? Then who helped cremate Zaratul? He
cremated himself? After “Gehrman Sparrow” closed the lid, he casually
used this goatskin-wielding hand to take out a piece of flesh from a pocket
and swallowed it.
Panatiya noticed this action as she squinted her eyes at him as though she
was asking what he was doing.
Klein stuffed the fish into the marionette’s mouth as he deliberately
adjusted his breathing and said, “I’m a little nervous.
“I’m not sure if this door-opening symbol works.”
Panatiya had already confirmed that he was eating ordinary fish meat.
Although it looked somewhat disgusting, the half-crazy her had lacked the
patience to make a further distinction. She moved her gaze away and looked
at the urn and smiled.
“If it’s useless, we can share it.
“I’ll have one scoop a day, and it will last a very long time.”
This Demoness’s mental state is really abnormal… Klein silently sighed.
Passing by the Eraser angel statue suspected to be the Mother of the Sky,
“Gehrman Sparrow” came in front of the wall.
Then, he turned his body to the side and pointed to the inset and said to
Panatiya, “Place that obsidian rock inside.”
Panatiya smiled gorgeously as she said with dull eyes, “Let me see the
door-opening symbol first.”
There’s no need to be so wary of me. If I really wanted to harm you, I can
immediately give up my marionette, and you wouldn’t have the time to
escape this cathedral. You’ll definitely be hung up. When the time comes,
I’ll saunter in, pick up the obsidian rock, and open the door to leave…
However, the symbol given by Zaratul is really problematic. It’s best I find
a person to bear the brunt of it… Klein’s mind whirred as he made
“Gehrman Sparrow” lift his palm and pat his abdomen while opening his
mouth.
A blob of indistinct flesh and blood surged out, piling up ahead and turning
into the beautiful feminine Mr. A.
Upon seeing this scene, “Gehrman Sparrow” flicked the goatskin and
unrolled it.
The special symbol was with the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula as they
were reflected in the eyes of Panatiya and Mr. A.
Panatiya’s eyes darted about before she smiled coquettishly and said, “Open
the door. You leave first.”
She had confirmed that “Gehrman Sparrow” was still helping her control
her Spirit Body Threads, so there was plenty of time for her to wait.
As she spoke, she threw the ugly puppet stained with blood and tied up hair
at him.
She’s also afraid of an accident… As Klein got “Gehrman Sparrow” to
catch the puppet, he watched the Demoness of Despair take a few steps
forward and insert the obsidian rock into the recess.
The two fused together perfectly, not leaving any protrusions.
The wall rapidly emitted light and gradually turned transparent. It could be
seen that the outside was paved in stone slabs. There were walls with holes
and clouds floating in midair.
As Panatiya took a step to the side, “Gehrman Sparrow” held the puppet,
goatskin, and urn in his left hand and reached out his right palm. He then
used his finger as a pen and drew the vertical line made up of several secret
symbols on the transparent wall.
During this process, Klein was in a dilemma. He wasn’t sure if he should
draw Zaratul’s symbol or the Antigonus family’s one.
Although he believed that Zaratul was problematic and had a scheme, he
felt that he had belittled this powerful figure after calming down. If
Zaratul’s sole purpose was to harm him and everyone else with him, there
was no need for him to mention the opening of the door. All he needed to do
was wait patiently to achieve his goals.
Furthermore, with the gray fog’s aura completely severed and screened
from Klein by the foggy town, he couldn’t figure out why Zaratul would
target him.
Therefore, his final judgment was that Zaratul’s goal was to coax someone
into opening the door to allow “Him” to obtain something or escape
something. As for whether there was danger after the door opening, that
wasn’t within “His” considerations. If scattering the ashes was genuine and
rather important, it was likely to be relatively safe after heading out. In
short, danger was at every turn.
That also meant that Zaratul’s door-opening symbol was real, and the
probability that it didn’t carry any danger was 50%.
And on the other hand, the Antigonus family’s notebook wasn’t necessarily
“kind-hearted.” The scene that Klein had seen from the divinations he did
above the gray fog, and the information he obtained from Zaratul, and the
fact that Zaratul had lost control and gone mad, he could basically
determine that the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range’s Antigonus
family’s treasure might very well be an enticing trap. Then, whether there
was any latent risks in the complex picture provided by the notebook, that
was something that needed consideration.
On the one hand it’s a tiger, and on the other hand it’s a wolf. It’s the
ultimate choice of the lesser evil… Also, the Antigonus family’s symbol is
for entering the treasure trove. It doesn’t mean that it can be used to leave…
As Klein contemplated, he didn’t stop drawing while he quickly approached
the part which was different.
At this moment, he stole a glance at Panatiya and discovered that her eyes
had a glint in them as she wore a smile. It felt like she had the urge to try.
She… If she’s normal, as a senior Instigator, she should be able to control
her expressions… Besides, she just saw the door-opening symbol as well…
Klein’s heart stirred as he let the marionette draw the symbol provided by
Zaratul.
Soon, the complicated vertical eye was drawn.
Pure light enveloped the area as they traversed the patterns and finally
gathered together.
Amidst a spectacular blast of light, an illusory, double door filled with
secrecy appeared on the wall. Due to the push from “Gehrman Sparrow,” it
slowly opened.
Behind the door was the ancient stone tiles and hole-ridden walls they had
previously seen. Everything was very silent and there were zero
abnormalities.
At this moment, Panatiya’s figure suddenly shattered, turning into mirror
fragments.
At the same time, the lady in a pure white robe appeared in front of
“Gehrman Sparrow” and passed through the door.
And in her hand, there was an additional ugly puppet stained with blood, its
neck coiled with a strand of hair.
As for the one in “Gehrman Sparrow”‘s hand, it had degenerated into a
piece of glass.
In terms of magical illusions, a Demoness of Despair was several times
superior to Klein.
After Panatiya passed through the door first, she half-turned around and
faced “Gehrman Sparrow,” revealing a crazy and teasing smile. Black
flames soared from her palm as she ignited the puppet.
At that moment, it was as though she was saying, “Despair! Plunge into the
deepest pit of despair just as hope arrives!”
Only then did Klein realize that the curse couldn’t be diverted or weathered
by Paper Figurine Substitutes!
Panatiya immediately turned around, preparing to depart from the foggy
town and the ancient cathedral, afraid that an accident would happen.
At that moment, her eyes suddenly froze.
Her body crumbled, transforming into one mirror after another. However,
she wasn’t able to put a distance further than ten meters between her and the
door.
In just a second or two, Panatiya let out a sharp cry as invisible threads and
thick, black hair curled around her, binding her within. Her exterior was
covered in black flames as she froze into layers of ice.
Suddenly, all of this disintegrated. Demoness of Despair Panatiya’s eyes
effused clear, deep despair and regret.
Her expression rapidly turned stiff as her neck seemed to be held up by an
invisible hand. Her entire body rose into the air and hung there, her eyes
rolling back bit by bit, but her looks remained immaculate.
On the side of the door, “Gehrman Sparrow”‘s body had been enveloped in
black flames and began melting like wax. As for Mr. A who had planned on
flying through the door, he began retching, vomiting one fresh mushroom
after another. His body began to sprout mushrooms as if a drizzle had just
passed.
Before “Gehrman Sparrow” lost his vision, the scene behind the door pulled
close, presenting an empty foyer.
No, it wasn’t empty. Hanging in midair were even more corpses. They were
of all ages and sexes. Some were dressed exquisitely, others gorgeously,
ancient, or casually.
These corpses were like the ones hanging in the cathedral. They all floated
up as they came and went as though they were acting in a grand musical,
accurately reflecting a musical of the daily lives and details a town should
have!
Klein saw that, behind these hanged corpses, there was a transparent and
slimy tentacle. It was covered in complex patterns with secrecy hidden
within. It was as though it could drive anyone crazy.
Countless tentacles extended deep into the foyer, and there sat an ancient,
huge stone chair. Its surface was inlaid with dull gold and gems.
This… Klein tensed up as he didn’t hesitate to close his eyes and cut his
connection with the marionette!
In his mind, the scene that he had seen from his previous divination
surfaced.
Seated on the huge chair were countless translucent maggots that clustered
together. They squirmed slowly as they grew freely, extending out nearly
invisible tentacles.
And the final scene that was embedded in the marionette’s vision was at the
bottom of the ancient chair. A tarot card sat there silently.
Its surface was also that of Roselle. The emperor was wearing a gorgeous
head accessory and colorful clothes. It held a stick with luggage hanging
from it as though he was on a long trip.
He had a visionary look, and beside him was a puppy. At the corner were
shiny words: “Sequence 0: The Fool!”