Chapter 629

: Heavenly Body Sect
Amidst the holy beam of light, having already lost its support from the
external power, the tree warts and flesh rapidly disintegrated. It was like
snow meeting a red-hot metal ball.
Amidst an indescribable sizzling sound, Cynthia’s face winced as abnormal
agony showed itself on her face.
She turned around with great difficulty, looking up and down, her
expression turning horrified and confused. Finally, she realized that there
was a problem with her.
“Admiral…” Her voice trembled as she looked ahead with fear and despair,
but all she could find was an unfamiliar face.
Klein could’ve fed Creeping Hunger with Cynthia’s remnant flesh and
Spirit Body, but at that moment, he sighed and said with a calm voice, “Try
not to make contact with strange artifacts or religions in the future.”
From his point of view, the reason why Cynthia had turned into this
monstrosity either had to do with a cult or some particularly dangerous
artifact. She had connected with some existence which couldn’t be looked
at directly, resulting in such a response.
Cynthia seemed to understand something as her remnant head and tiny bit
of flesh suddenly wept.
“It’s the Mother Tree of Desire, the Heavenly Body Sect…
“Admiral, Admiral, I don’t want to die! I don’t want to die!
“Save me! Save me!”
Mother Tree of Desire… Heavenly Body Sect… This isn’t within the
confines of my knowledge of mysticism… Klein maintained his expression
as he looked pitifully at the pleading Cynthia. He spread his arms again and
said in a deep voice, “Death is not the end. You will be redeemed when you
are at god’s side.”
Another pure beam of light landed as Cynthia’s beautiful, weeping face
completely fixed in place.
Her eyes widened in despair, but there was the remnant hope of being sent
to heaven after death.
Under the sun’s radiance, her brain and remnant flesh melted away at a
discernible pace. By vanishing, it had obtained its final rite of cleansing.
Klein looked silently at this scene without any expression or movement.
After everything calmed down, he curled the corner of his lips and
chuckled, finding it hard to hide his sorrow.
“This is really a crazy and chaotic world…”
He didn’t dare to channel Cynthia’s spirit after what had happened. The
many oddities had made him abandon the thought of bringing Cynthia’s
Spirit Body above the gray fog to “inquire.” Faced with the irremovable
evil and the ever-worsening corruption, he could only choose to have
Cynthia be cleansed. After all, in this world with true gods, there might
exist a heaven after death.
As for Creeping Hunger’s backlash, Klein was temporarily not concerned.
After spending a long time with it, this mystical item which had been sealed
to a certain extent had adjusted to him. It didn’t need to be fed after every
use. It had been restored to its original state. Once it was activated, it just
needed to eat once in a twenty-four-hour period, regardless of how many
times it was used. Of course, there was no need for it to be fed on the day it
wasn’t used.
Therefore, Klein had plenty of time to seek out food for Creeping Hunger
without harming the innocent.
If the worst comes to the worst, I can throw it above the gray fog… Klein
surveyed his surroundings, and he realized that the bodyguards and the
male and female attendants in the room had shaken off the influence of their
magnified desires, and they had fallen unconscious. This included the
maidservant who was strangling her companion in a bid to obtain her
approval and praise, as well as blond secretary, Luan.
Indeed, once the problem is resolved at its root, everything will come to an
end…
According to Admiral Amyrius’s description, Luan is at least a Sequence 6
Beyonder, and he’s suspected to be a Baron of Corruption. He might’ve
secretly reached Sequence 5… Even he was so easily controlled by his
magnified desires, which means that the power that descended with the help
of Cynthia is extremely potent. But why did I only have a wet dream…
Ignoring my mystical items, Luan and I should be at the same level…
Is it because a portion of the gray fog’s power, when mixed with reality,
provided me with help? Is it because of the restriction from Admiral
Amyrius’s temporary contract? Or could it be a mix of both?
Yes, if it wasn’t because of these factors, as Cynthia’s primary target, my
desire towards sex would definitely be magnified. This wouldn’t just be me
having a romantic dream… Klein habitually reached out with his right hand
to cover his face as he changed once again back into Amyrius Rieveldt’s
appearance.
As the lives of the others weren’t temporarily under threat, he carefully
observed the room when his spiritual perception was suddenly triggered.
Taking a few steps forward, Klein came to where Cynthia had vanished. He
bent down and picked up a necklace from a pile of torn clothes on the bed.
A pendant that was the length of a finger segment hung from the necklace.
It was completely black in color and looked like a miniaturized rhinoceros
horn. Its surface was full and covered in cracks. Apart from exuding evil,
there were no lustrous spirituality activity.
This is the dangerous item that caused Cynthia to mutate? As it had
connected to the existence which couldn’t be looked at directly, it had
completed its mission, allowing all its powers to be injected into Cynthia’s
body? Klein made a preliminary conjecture based on the pendant’s situation
and from his past experience.
He checked the area and found nothing. Hence, he pulled out a paper
figurine and dealt with the traces left behind. He dispelled the prohibition
from the charm before walking towards Secretary Luan, who still had some
signs of corruption due to temporarily being devoured by the flowers. He
raised his knee and kicked him a few times with the tip of his shoe.
With Amyrius’s character, it’s unlikely that he would crouch down to shake
his secretary awake… Heh, this fellow’s arrogant way of looking down on
others sure is irritating. I really want to beat him up… Klein paused as he
watched sternly as Luan gradually woke up.
“Your Excellency…” Luan was in a momentary daze, as though he couldn’t
tell dream from reality.
As a high-ranking superior, I’m under no obligation to explain… Klein
looked down at him and said in a deep voice, “Wake up all the lightly
injured people. Get a number of them to treat the remaining people while
the others are to investigate the Heavenly Body Sect on Oravi Island. They
worship an evil god named Mother Tree of Desire. Um… Start the
investigation with the people around Cynthia.
“I’ll be waiting in the study for the report.”
With that said, he held the cracked rhinoceros horn pendant and turned to
leave the master bedroom before entering the unaffected silent study.
As an important member of the military, although he was somewhat
helpless when faced with the kingdom’s upper echelons, he needed to
choose to ignore certain matters. An example was the telegram which
relieved Aston from his post as governor-general and the arrival of the new
governor-general. This meant that the new governor-general had departed
ahead of time; yet as the highest-ranking commander of the Central Sonia
Sea’s navy, Amyrius Rieveldt had not received the news at all. However, on
Oravi Island, to Secretary Luan and the local police system and naval base
personnel, he still held absolute authority. He didn’t need to do the
investigations himself, as he had plenty of people at his disposal.
A demigod only needed to be wary against any accidents and await news.
There was no need to busy themselves!
Inside the study, as Klein heard the chaotic sound of footsteps and horrified
screams, questioning, and exchanges, he couldn’t help but have the starry
sky and the bright, lustrous star surface in his mind.
What does it represent? Klein frowned and sat in the armchair behind the
desk. His figure sank into the darkness brought about by the curtains.
He soon made certain connections. Due to the legends from the City of
Silver and Emlyn White’s description of the Sanguine’s situation, he
confirmed that the Moon pathway controlled a portion of the authority over
reproduction and proliferation. This coincided with Cynthia’s intentions and
actions.
A starry sky… Mr. Door informed Emperor Roselle that the Goddess’s
corresponding tarot card is The Star and not The Moon. Could it be that
this illusory starry sky represents “Her”? Yes, The Primordial Moon is
suspected to be a particular deity, angel, or high-level devil’s alternate
identity. The Goddess has the honorific name of “crimson moon.” Could
“She” be the one passing herself off as the Primordial Moon and occupying
the corresponding spot so as to control the required authority? Although
Klein knew that such thoughts were sacrilegious, he couldn’t help but
suspect the Evernight Goddess.
But he soon rejected that conjecture. This was because, be it Vampire
Ancestor Lilith or the Primordial Moon, what they projected was only
“reproduction and proliferation.” It didn’t include the recognition of
gluttony, pride, and desire. This was at odds with a number of victims
earlier. The other honorific titles of the Evernight Goddess didn’t include
the corresponding domains.
This does coincide with the traits of the Devil pathway. A Desire Apostle is
an expert in such matters… Could the one subjugating the Primordial
Moon be a high-level Devil, or even the King of Devils who’s known as the
Dark Side of the Universe, Sequence 0 Abyss? This is very possible, but the
problem with this is that it shouldn’t produce an illusory starry sky and
bright stars. Be it Moon or Abyss, they have nothing to do with the
corresponding symbols… Klein found his conjecture problematic the more
he thought over the matter.
Amidst his thoughts, he suddenly thought of a concept.
It was something important back when he was first educated in mysticism
but had never received a detailed description or explanation!
That was the astral world!
Apart from the Life School of Thought and a few other organizations’ belief
in uncommon concepts such as the world of absolute rationality, most
schools of thought in mysticism believed that the world was comprised of
the real world, the spirit world, and the astral world.
There was no need to explain the real world. Knowledge of the spirit world
was the foundation of many ritualistic magic and Beyonder powers. It was
only the astral world where Klein’s knowledge about it was basically zero.
Therefore, the illusory starry sky represents the astral world. The bright
star is a particular existence in the astral world? I’ve always suspected that
the astral world is where the true gods reside. Then, this imagery which
represents the Primordial Moon isn’t something unacceptable… Klein
didn’t think further as he recalled the details of the past few days while
awaiting the results of his subordinates’ investigations.
Time ticked by when Klein finally heard a familiar gait approach.
Secretary Luan knocked before entering. He bowed his head and coldly
reported, “Your Excellency. We’ve already found the Heavenly Body Sect
and captured their leader.
“It was a clue provided by Miss Cynthia’s parents.
“This sect has been rather active in Oravi over the past few years. They do
not wear clothes, in a bid to return to nature. Giving themselves up to their
instincts is their purpose, and they believed that humans can attain
liberation of their spirituality in such states.
“Reproduction of the next generation is a subsidiary product of this belief.”
After pausing for a moment, Luan added, “Their leader is a Beyonder, a
Sequence 8 Lunatic.”
Lunatic? A Lunatic from the Prisoner pathway? It has something to do with
the Rose School of Thought? Yes, the Rose School of Thought internally has
two factions, “temperance” and “indulgence.” The latter’s beliefs are
rather identical to the present situation… Klein was alarmed as he said in a
stoic tone, “Bring him here.”