Chapter 1042

: 1042 Plan From a Different Angle
1042 Plan From a Different Angle
After a few seconds, Sharron calmly replied to Klein, “It’s not bait, but a
ploy to lure them out.”
Just as Klein was about to ask what the difference was, Marie explained in
detail, “Back when we were pursued by the Rose School of Thought, we
discovered that they had quite a number of members in Backlund. However,
due to our lack of strength and our fear of traps, as well as to not attract the
attention of the Church, we didn’t take any action against them.
“This time, we plan on attacking one of the more important ones. We’ll
deliberately miss some out, allowing the hidden ones to secretly escape and
pass the information to the Rose School of Thought’s person-in-charge in
Backlund.
“In secret, the Sanguine’s demigod will be watching them. Through the
message chain, they will find the person in charge. That person must be a
key member of the Rose School of Thought.
“Once he’s killed or even captured, we’ll take the next step in our operation
based on the information we manage to obtain.”
That’s more reasonable. The main point is to use your own understanding of
the Rose School of Thought to create a plan instead of using yourself as
bait. That’s a way to effectively control the situation and not destroy
Backlund… Klein nodded gently and said, “If that’s the case, I can
participate.”
He didn’t say that he needed to think about it or return to confirm the level
of danger. This was because this matter wasn’t something that needed to be
done anytime soon for Sharron and the Sanguine. When he divined
problems, he could always call it off as a participant.
“What kind of payment do you need?” Marie’s standing posture relaxed as
he asked.
Klein smiled.
“If there aren’t any accidents the entire time, I wish to receive one instance
of free assistance from Ma’am Reinette Tinekerr. If I have to involve myself
in the operation, I can always add the condition of having priority on the
spoils of war.
You can discuss this with Ma’am Reinette Tinekerr before writing to tell me
the answer.”
In fact, he was still a little puzzled. He believed that with such a plan, there
was no need to seek him out. With Miss Messenger hiding in the shadows,
it was enough to prevent any accidents that Sherlock Moriarty could deal
with!
“There’s no need.” Sharron, with her exquisite looks and pale face, shook
her head gently like a doll. “I can agree to it now.”
Has she already discussed it with Miss Messenger? Klein thought for a few
seconds and honestly asked, “Then why don’t you directly ask Miss
Reinette Tinekerr for help to prevent any accidents from happening?”
Sharron’s hair remained motionless as though bound tightly by the petite
bonnet. She replied in an ethereal and fleeting voice, ‘”She* doesn’t wish
for the Sanguine to discover ‘Her’ existence.”
Is that so… Klein deliberated for a moment and raised another question:
“You advocate temperance, so why are you seeking out the key members of
the Rose School of Thought?
“Is revenge not within the limits of temperance?”
Sharron looked at him with her blue eyes and said, “In recent decades, the
Rose School of Thought has been trying its best to let the Mother Tree of
Desire descend into the real world. This will bring about an unimaginable
disaster.
“In addition, Teacher also desires ‘Her’ body to be complete.”
If the Mother Tree of Desire were to descend into the real world, it would
be an unimaginable disaster for me… However, what has this got to do with
the completeness of Miss Messenger’s body? Her—”Her” body was once
torn apart and is being held by different key members of the Rose School of
Thought? Or can the bodies High-Sequence Beyonders of the same
Sequence and their characteristics be made into a part of “Her” through
some ritual? Klein mumbled inwardly as he probed, “Is Abomination
Sequence 1 of the Mutant pathway?
“Then what are Sequence 2 and Sequence 3?”
He had asked Miss Sharron the first question before, but he had only
received a vague answer.
Sharron answered without any hesitation. She didn’t speak too fast, but her
voice remained ethereal and inhuman.
“I wasn’t too sure about it in the past. Now I can confirm that Sequence 1 is
Abomination, Sequence 2 is Ancient Bane, Sequence 3 is Cursed Artifact
but is now known as Disciple of Silence.”
Does that mean that you weren’t certain when I asked you the last time?
That is to say, when you summoned Miss Messenger and reunited with
“Her,” you managed to learn more secrets? Klein nodded in enlightenment.
“I have no more questions. After confirming the time for the operation,
write to me.”
“Thank you.” Sharron once again floated up and bowed.
Marie pressed his hand to his chest and slightly bent his back.
“There’s no need.” Klein stood up from the high stool and wore his top hat
with a smile.
This time, without a smacking sound, scarlet flames rose and engulfed him.
Under the night sky, countless lights silently lit up in Backlund, as though
they were stars that were covered in clouds descending upon the land.
With the few “stars” twinkling, Klein returned to the rental apartment at the
periphery of East Borough.
After changing his clothes and preparing to return to North Borough’s
Boklund Street, he heard a series of illusory pleas.
It was from a man.
After nodding in thought, Klein immediately took four steps
counterclockwise and arrived above the gray fog. He extended his
spirituality towards the constantly expanding and shrinking crimson star.
As he expected, this corresponded to The Moon Emlyn.
The vampire who was already become a Viscount prayed sincerely,
“Honorable Mr. Fool, I wish to apply for a minigathering that includes me,
Mr. Hanged Man, Ma’am Hermit, Miss Justice, Mr. World…”
To Emlyn, these people are the Tarot Club’s representatives in intelligence,
experience, and knowledge… Poor Leonard… Klein chuckled silently as he
leaned back into his chair and agreed to Emlyn’s request.
Above the grayish-white fog, inside the ancient palace.
Five dark red beams of light appeared on both sides of the long bronze
table, forming different figures.
“Mr. Moon, has the Sanguine’s plan been finalized?” Audrey greeted
everyone before asking with interest.
Emlyn surveyed the area and frankly said, “Yes, the detailed plan is this.
Through two temperance faction members who escaped from the Rose
School of Thought…”
He recounted the plan Sharron had described to Sherlock Moriarty from a
different angle to The World Gehrman Sparrow and company. When he was
done, he said, “If we can obtain effective information, we Sanguine plan on
seizing the opportunity to launch a surprise attack on the Rose School of
Thought’s headquarters. We hope to take an important item from them.”
“What important item?” Cattleya asked curiously.
This was an item that could spur an ancient faction into an attempt on
attacking a secret organization’s headquarters. It definitely wasn’t simple!
“Its” importance might even exceed that of an ordinary angel, stronger than
some Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts!
Emlyn didn’t hide anything.
“It’s a Holy Artifact left behind by our Sanguine ancestor. I’m not sure what
particular accident led to the Rose School of Thought obtaining it.”
A Holy Artifact left behind by Lilith… In the hands of the Rose School of
Thought… The Sanguine has placed great importance on it… This time,
Klein, who was acting as The World Gehrman Sparrow with his true body,
had key points flashing through his mind. Then, together with his
understanding of many secrets, he quickly had an unconfirmed theory.
That might be the key to the Mother Tree of Desire’s ability to intrude and
control part of the Moon domain’s authority!
This is something Miss Sharron and the others didn’t mention. The
Sanguine have kept things from them as well and have quite great
ambitions… Yes, I can’t use ambition to describe them. That Ancestor Lilith
whose identity is unknown seems to have foreseen the chaos from the
situation and the coming of the apocalypse. Therefore, the Sanguine was
made to change its style and become more proactive, so as to have more
things to rely on? This is the acquisition of a lifebuoy in preparation for the
apocalypse… Klein didn’t say a word as he listened silently.
The others were also taking in the important information that The Moon had
revealed, and Alger was no exception. He pondered for a few seconds
before saying, “In other words, you Sanguine will be hiding in secret this
entire operation and won’t be targeted by the Rose School of Thought?”
“Yes,” Emlyn answered rather casually.
The Sanguine’s plan was jointly decided by Duke Olmer and Marquis
Nibbs, as well as a few Earls in Backlund. Many problems had undoubtedly
been brainstormed and reconsidered. Regardless, even if a pig were to live
for more than a millennium, it would definitely gain a certain level of
wisdom and experience.
Alger nodded slightly.
“I have another question. How are you so sure that the Backlund person in
charge of the Rose School of Thought is only a saint? There might be more
demigods or even an angel hiding.
“You should know very well that the situation in Backlund is very
complicated. It’s not impossible for the Rose School of Thought to increase
the number of powerhouses it has to plot certain matters. If that’s the case,
you will end up resembling thieves who wish to steal something, only to
storm right into Sivellaus Yard.”
Sivellaus Yard was another name for the Backlund police department.
Emlyn became more relaxed.
“This time, Duke Olmer will personally watch over the entire process. Even
if the Rose School of Thought’s angel descends, we can easily escape.
“In addition, no matter which side, they’re not actually willing to create an
intense conflict in Backlund. Without any crushing advantage or the
confidence to not cause a huge commotion, they will naturally cease any
fighting.”
Upon hearing his answer, the comers of Cattleya’s mouth curled up
indiscemibly as she warned, “To Beyonders who aren’t demigods, even a
slight clash between angels would produce aftershocks that are enough to
destroy them.”
Emlyn snapped out of his state of drowning in pride from experiencing the
potency of the Sanguine. He was momentarily at a loss for words.
At this moment, Audrey’s eyes darted around as though she was thinking of
something.
“Mr. Moon, what do you need to do in this plan?”
What do I need to do? Monitoring the secret members of the Rose School
of Thought and locking onto the true target from the information received
will be done by Earl Mistral… The one who will ultimately take action is
Marquis Nibbs, Earl Mistral, and the Rose School of Thought temperance
faction’s demigod… Duke Olmer will be the one monitoring in secret to
prevent any accidents… M-my only job is apparently to contact that Wraith
named Marie and maintain communications between both parties… Uh…
The more Emlyn thought about it, the odder his expression became.
It seemed like there was nothing for him to do, or at least, nothing
particularly important….