Chapter 763

: Mr. X
160 Böklund Street, inside the dining hall on the second story.
Klein had just bitten into the buttered toast his servant had served him when
he saw his butler walk in.
Walter bowed and said, “Sir, a person of unknown origins pulled our
doorbell last night.
“As it was already very late, I didn’t wake you up, and instead got the
servants to patrol the area with the double-barreled hunting rifles.
“If you so permit it, I’ll visit the nearby police station to get them to
reinforce the patrols on this street at night.”
To employ such a butler, there aren’t any flaws aside from him being
expensive… Klein nodded slightly and drank the fresh milk that had been
delivered to him.
“Very good.”
…
39 Böklund Street, Member of Parliament Macht’s house.
Hazel entered the activity room on the second floor and saw her mother,
Riana, chatting with the housekeeper.
“What happened?” She pushed a lock of black-green hair to the back of her
ear.
Riana chuckled and said, “Someone rang Dantès’s doorbell late last night.”
“A prank?” Hazel sat down.
“No one knows. Anyways, Dantès’s butler specially went to the police
station this morning,” Riana recounted what she had learned from her
servant.
Hazel nodded slightly and said, “It’s best to have the police involved.”
“But it’s useless. No one knows who pulled the doorbell. Apparently, there
wasn’t anyone there.” Riana laughed while shaking her head.
Hazel was taken aback as she blurted out, “There wasn’t anyone there?”
“That’s right. Dantès’s butler only seemed to ask the police to double their
efforts on the night patrols on our street. That’s good news.” As the wife of
a Member of Parliament of the House of Commons, and the daughter of a
famous lawyer, Riana had very good relations with the police.
“Not a single person…” Hazel repeated softly before falling into silence.
After a while, she left the activity room and returned to the third story.
Along the way, she couldn’t help but clench her fist and swing it as though
she was testing something. In between her brows was a clear look of
puzzlement.
…
Inside his bedroom, Klein looked at the large pile of gold coins in front of
him. All he saw was the shiny color of gold!
There was a total of 4,000 pounds of gold coins!
After a week of gathering funds, Admiral of Stars Cattleya had finally
completed the transaction for the Scales of Luck. Apart from the gold coins,
she had also paid another 6,500 pounds in cash.
To be honest, having a pile of gold coins is way more visually shocking than
a pile of cash of the same size… As Klein sighed, he took out the 13 Loen
gold coins—coins he received from Senor—from his pocket and threw it
into the pile.
After doing all of this, he took out the adventurer’s harmonica and blew into
it.
Silently, Reinette Tinekerr appeared in front of him with the four blonde,
red-eyed heads in her hand.
“Ma’am, this is the first installment, a total of 4,013 pounds.” Klein
retracted his gaze from the pile of gold coins and looked at Miss Messenger.
He was actually quite curious as to how Miss Messenger would move such
a huge pile of gold coins. He remembered that she always used her teeth
when collecting letters.
“Very good…” “You still have…” “Five thousand…” “Nine hundred…”
“Eighty…” “Seven…” Reinette Tinekerr’s heads said one after another.
There’s no need to remind me… Klein forced a smile and said, “I’ll try to
gather the rest as soon as possible.”
Reinette Tinekerr didn’t speak further as one of the heads tried hard to open
its mouth.
Suddenly, the area before her turned dark and deep. All the gold coins were
sucked up by vortex-like surging water.
In a few short seconds, the large pile of gold coins vanished.
Reinette Tinekerr’s four heads nodded at the same time before returning to
the spirit world.
I still have 8,156 pounds and 5 Loen gold coins… I can barely be
considered a tycoon… I could actually afford any investment opportunities
if they appear, and it won’t just be me raising the price and mentioning it in
passing… This way, I won’t be suspected to be a cheat for the time being…
Heh heh, be a little optimistic. Perhaps the investment opportunity might
allow me to earn back the money I spent. It’s always fast to make money
work for you… Klein silently exhaled as he cast his gaze out the window,
forcing himself to enjoy the thinly fogged streets.
…
At night time in the East Borough, the surrounding area was pitch-black due
to the few street lamps available, along with many of them being damaged.
It was as though there were countless monsters and criminals lurking
within.
Xio Derecha wore a hooded cloak, turned into a small alley, and came
outside to what seemed like a dilapidated house.
This was the new gathering in East Borough she had previously mentioned
to Fors!
Xio wasn’t in a rush to knock on the door with the agreed-upon signal. She
first looked down to check her attire.
Unlike how she usually dressed, she wore a pair of long boots.
They didn’t look odd, but Xio knew very well that the soles were very
thick. She had stuffed plenty of things inside, allowing a person to
“magically” appear taller.
And this effectively hid Xio’s greatest characteristic!
Feeling assured by the presence of her triangular blade, Xio pulled her hood
up and knocked on the door with the signal.
Soon, she was led into an activity room inside as she randomly found a spot
to sit down.
After the participants had mostly arrived, the host of the gathering finally
walked in.
He was of medium build, with a height of about 1.75m. He wore a black
classical robe, a pointed mage hat, with a brass mask on his face. He gave
off an ancient and mysterious vibe.
Rather dark skin, but it’s not exactly brown. He resembles someone from
Feynapotter or Desi Bay… But I can’t be sure. It might be a tan… He has
raven black curly hair. This does match my first guess… Xio sized him up
as a Sheriff.
The man in the brass mask looked around the room before laughing deeply.
“You can call me Mr. X.”
Mr. X… Xio couldn’t help but twitch the corners of her mouth.
After becoming an outer circle member of MI9, she had learned quite a bit
of the situations regarding the secret organizations, and that included the
Aurora Order.
Therefore, she knew very well that the Oracles of the Aurora Order used
alphabets as their code names, and they enjoyed addressing themselves as
Mr. or Ma’am.
And from her point of view, to address themselves in front of others in such
a manner was obvious exposure of their identity and background. After all,
the members who participated in these gatherings were mostly Beyonders
who were lacking in knowledge!
Isn’t he afraid that others would report him? It’s no wonder the gentleman
from MI9 said that the Aurora Order is filled with lunatics, that there’s no
way to understand their actions with the logic of the average person… Ever
since Mr. A vanished, there have been a few gatherings in Backlund that
had impersonators, or gatherings that were hosted by his associates for
their own benefit. The hosts were quickly reported and ended up being
arrested… Hmm, it’s not necessarily the case that Mr. X is from the Aurora
Order. Perhaps, he’s just like the others… Xio retracted her observing gaze
and silently watched the gathering continue.
She seldom reported matters, because she had experience as an unaffiliated
Beyonder. She knew it wasn’t easy to survive in this world with such
identities, so long as there wasn’t any accidents, she wouldn’t provide such
intel to MI9.
If it’s confirmed that he’s an Oracle of the Aurora Order, I’ll report him.
These people are all lunatics. They will bring about extreme danger… As
Xio thought over the matter, she watched the others exchange information
and complete trades.
She didn’t participate much in it, firstly because there wasn’t any
information or item of interest, and secondly, she was saving up for her
Interrogator potion.
…
After the end of the gathering, she returned to her residence at Cherwood
Borough. Xio saw Fors wearing a face mask that was said to be able to
moisturize faces as she lay there leisurely reading.
“How was it? How was that gathering?” Fors asked, pretending as though
she wasn’t interested.
Xio threw her cloak to the side and said, “There were quite a number of
participants, and there were quite a number of items as well, but they were
mostly for Low-Sequence Beyonders.”
“No one will offer anything good at the first gathering,” Fors said as she
lowered the novel in her hands.
“Yeah.” Xio nodded and said, “The organizer of the gathering calls himself
Mr. X, but no one knows if he’s related to Mr. A.”
Mr. X… A suspected Aurora Order Oracle… Could he be Lewis Wien?
Fors’s attention was caught as she languidly leaned back and asked, “What
does he look like?”
“He wore a mask!” Xio rolled her eyes at her. “Do you think I have the
ability to see through an obstacle?”
“No, no, no. I mean his build.” Fors had seen Lewis Wien’s full figure
thanks to her teacher, Dorian Gray, and knew his characteristics.
As a Sheriff, Xio easily restored Mr. X’s appearance and asked out of
puzzlement, “Regardless if he’s related to Mr. A or not, isn’t he worried that
he’ll be reported for having such a name?”
After Fors heard Xio’s description and saw the portrait she made with her
Sheriff powers, she was delighted. There was a high chance that Mr. X was
the traitor of the Abraham family, Lewis Wien!
He’s not afraid of being reported because he’s a Traveler. He can calmly
escape no matter what happens? If the official organizations were to use
their experience like how they dealt with Mr. A, there’s really no way they
can restrain him… Fors silently mumbled. She stopped talking about the
topic and switched to something else.
After Xio went to take a bath, she hurriedly used her powers as an
Astrologer to ask her spirituality, and she stacked Lewis Wien’s image with
Mr. X’s image before obtaining the answer that they were one and the
same!
It’s really him! Fors stood up as she paced about in excitement and glee in
the living room.
Her first thought was to report this to the various major Churches, and also
include the tipoff that the target had the powers of a Traveler. Following
that, she recalled her prior attempt at hiring Mr. World to assassinate Lewis
Wien.
Regardless, I should first ask Mr. World if he’s free to take on this mission. I
can’t offend him. Upon recalling everything that Mr. World had done, Fors
couldn’t help but shiver.
After making up her mind, she first checked that Xio was having a bath and
wouldn’t come out anytime soon before praying to Mr. Fool.
“… Please tell Mr. World that the Aurora Order’s Oracle, Lewis Wien, has
appeared, and there’s a high probability that he’s a Traveler, codenamed
‘Mr. X.’”