Chapter 669

: Exchange of Information
The True Creator? The ravings that fill these waters come from the True
Creator? Upon hearing Queen Mystic’s answer, Klein was surprised while
feeling somewhat joyful.
He was rejoicing because, just as Queen Mystic said, if she hadn’t boarded
the ship, Heath Doyle might’ve undergone a mutation even with the
existence of a Sealed Artifact which could reduce his auditory senses to a
certain effect.
Towards Low- and Mid-Sequence Beyonders of other pathways, they would
only feel repressed and frustrated, or they would occasionally suffer from
nightmares when faced with the True Creator’s ravings without actually
listening to them. But to a Rose Bishop, the Sequence 0 for his
corresponding pathway was the True Creator. To be immersed in the ravings
of this evil god, even if he was deaf, something would’ve happened to him
sooner or later.
Once Heath Doyle went mad or lost control, together with the uniqueness of
these waters, it was truly difficult for the rest of the people on board the
ship to be safe. However, Klein believed that as long as he could survive the
sudden attack, he would have the chance to pray to The Fool and use the
Sea God Scepter above the gray fog to provide a response to resolve the
problem.
He was surprised that the owner of the ravings was in complete
contradiction with his theory. He originally imagined that these waters were
the battlefield between the ancient gods and the Creator worshiped by the
City of Silver during the Second Epoch. He suspected that the subsidiary
gods, who were also the corresponding angels, had participated in it as well.
To his surprise, this appeared to be wrong from the beginning. This was
because the True Creator had apparently first appeared after the Third
Epoch’s Cataclysm!
I cannot rule out the possibility that the ravings were later left behind…
Klein didn’t blindly make a conclusion. He watched as Queen Mystic
walked past him as she caressed the sculptures on the handrail and slowly
walked down.
The lady’s back was tall; neither fat nor thin. Her figure was extremely
proportioned, and her long chestnut hair simply cascaded down.
This made Klein feel a sense of familiarity. After recalling the matters
involving Queen Mystic, he finally recalled the source of the familiarity.
Back when he was searching for the Cards of Blasphemy at the Roselle
Memorial Exhibition, he had seen a similar back. Back then, the figure
dressed somewhat oddly. Despite wearing a yellow layered dress which had
the vibes of a young girl, she wore a black, out-of-fashion bonnet.
She was likely Queen Mystic. She had also visited the Roselle Memorial
Exhibition ahead of time… Back then, she was looking at the basic
education books the emperor had improved for his children and the Chinese
Chess and toy blocks… She was certain that I had taken the Black Emperor
card…
The emperor’s eldest daughter, Bernadette, established the Element Dawn
to resist the Moses Ascetic Order. And from the diary, that lady appreciates
the maxim, “do as you wish, but do no harm.” Therefore, from these two
points, it can be inferred that she’s likely a demigod of the Mystery Pryer
pathway…
The Mystery Pryer pathway’s Sequence 4 is Mysticologist… Queen
Mystic… Of course, the reputation of Queen Mystic has long been known
across the seas for more than a hundred years. She’s definitely not a
Sequence 4 anymore. Yes, after Cattleya left Queen Mystic, she joined the
Moses Ascetic Order…
This queen seems to take the interpretation of Roselle’s diary very
seriously…
All sorts of fragmented pieces of information came together as Klein
suddenly had a theory.
Perhaps Queen Mystic was Emperor Roselle’s eldest daughter, Bernadette
Gustav!
This might explain why this queen dresses in the style that resembles Earth’s
but also appears rather strange. She has been deeply influenced by the
emperor’s preferences, and she’s unable to completely extricate herself from
the fashion trends. Hence, she mixes them into a unique and strange style
she can call her own… As for it being aesthetically pleasing, that’s a whole
other matter. A beautiful person will look good and fashionable even with a
gunny sack… Klein lampooned inwardly, but he wore a solemn expression.
He unhurriedly followed Queen Mystic down the beautiful staircase.
Queen Mystic didn’t turn her head. As she walked, she said, “This dream
world isn’t vast. There are only two parts. One of them is the shadow of the
Giant King’s Court on the opposite mountain, and the other is the black
cloister over here.”
Giant King’s Court? The majestic building complex that seemed frozen in
the sunset surfaced in Klein’s mind.
This is actually the shadow of the Giant King’s Court!
And Little Sun and company happen to be at the entrance of the Giant
King’s Court, Afternoon Town!
Queen Mystic said with a gentle but emotionless tone, “This is my theory,
as it resembles the Great Twilight Hall in Feysac.
“And in the Fourth Epoch, there has always been rumors that the God of
Combat is an ancient giant who survived the Cataclysm.”
The God of Combat pathway is the Giant pathway… Klein inwardly
expressed his agreement with Queen Mystic’s theory.
At that moment, he recalled the mythical information he had received from
Little Sun. He realized that the description of the Giant King’s Court being
“forever residing in the sunset” matched the spectacle of the opposite
mountain.
From the True Creator to the Giant King’s Court, she has revealed two
extremely valuable pieces of information… She’s expressing her goodwill to
me, no —the entity backing me. Heh heh, and the person backing me is
myself… Klein calmly replied, “The real Giant King’s Court is in the
Forsaken Land of the Gods.”
He said this matter in an indifferent tone, so as to accentuate his value and
the entity backing him.
Queen Mystic stopped in her tracks as she pressed down on the beautifully
sculptured handrail with her right palm. She half-turned her body to face
Gehrman Sparrow and said at an adequate speed, “Rumor has it that the
path leading to the Forsaken Land of the Gods is hidden in the mountain
across us, hidden in the shadows of the Giant King’s Court.”
So Little Sun and company have begun exploring Afternoon Town? But
didn’t Little Jack mention that they appeared by the sea? The Giant King’s
Court and the shadow of the Giant King’s Court must have switches in
them. Only by opening them ahead of time can the two seas meet?
This place is filled with the True Creator’s ravings, and it hides the secret of
the Forsaken Land of the Gods. It has remnant powers of the Evernight,
Sun, Storm, Earth, and Spectator pathway. This seems to correspond to the
Cataclysm!
After the Cataclysm, the Forsaken Land of the Gods was isolated from the
outside world. The Goddess, Eternal Blazing Sun, Lord of Storms, Earth
Mother, and company saved the world while the True Creator appeared…
Only the Spectator pathway’s imagination doesn’t exactly add up… Klein
made a guess based on whatever information he knew at hand.
Queen Mystic continued walking down as she said, “The black cloister here
doesn’t appear big, but each building and every level represents a different
part of these waters. Behind every door might hide the dream of a creature.”
I see… Klein glanced at the handrail and discovered that the sculpture on it
was mainly that of a human’s head. It was beautiful at a glance, but
terrifying on careful inspection. Hence, he asked in passing, “Whose dream
does this staircase belong to?”
“An Undying from the Numinous Episcopate. He came here in search of
Death’s remains —one of the main requirements of the Artificial Death.
However, he lost control as a result of the ravings, and he’s forever loitering
in an underground ruin, turning every adventurer who dares to enter into
becoming his zombie,” Queen Mystic calmly explained.
Death was also involved in the battle of gods that happened here? It’s no
wonder Admiral Hell would take the risk and enter these waters from time
to time… Klein felt enlightened.
He wasn’t alarmed about the matter regarding Artificial Death, as he had
previously heard Demoness of Unaging Katarina Pellè mention it before.
Furthermore, the Numinous Episcopate seemed to be rather far from
success.
At this moment, just as Queen Mystic finished walking down the stairs, she
turned to glance at him.
Right on the heels of that, the lady turned into a corridor and entered a
building.
Klein surveyed the area and discovered that there was no longer any stairs
leading downwards. They were apparently at the bottom level.
Queen Mystic stopped in front of the black wooden door filled with strange
patterns. She gripped its handle and said, “I’ve always suspected that the
dream within is the key to sustaining this place. The remnant powers of
Evernight only provides the possibility of such a development.”
As she spoke, she twisted the handle and opened the door.
The black door slowly moved backward, and behind it wasn’t a room as
Klein had imagined, but a sea.
The sea was illuminated by blinding sunlight. The waves were huge swaths
of rich gold.
As the door opened, Klein felt an unimaginable aura seep out from inside.
The entire building began to quake in an obvious manner as the dust and
bricks on the wall began to fall.
Subtly, Klein felt that the dream was on the brink of shattering.
At this moment, Queen Mystic pulled her right hand, shutting the black
wooden door tightly. Everything was restored to normal as a result of this.
“Even I do not dare enter,” this mighty figure in the mysterious world said.
“This place has the dreams of certain remnant deities,” Klein said calmly as
though he had someone backing him, allowing him to grasp the situation
ahead of time.
Queen Mystic turned around as her blue eyes swept over Gehrman
Sparrow’s face.
“These waters and this black cloister hide a lot of secrets. My understanding
of it might not even reach a single percent.”
She didn’t continue as she silently looked at Gehrman Sparrow, as though
waiting for something.
What intense pressure… Klein thought for a moment and asked probingly,
“Do you know the activation incantation of the Black Emperor card?”
Queen Mystic fell silent for a few seconds and shook her head.
Klein looked her in the eye.
“Bernadette.”
The entire corridor turned so silent that even their breathing could be heard.
Queen Mystic’s lips moved a little before they pursed together.
Her blue eyes temporarily lost their focus, but they quickly recovered their
profundity.
Queen Mystic turned around at an adequate speed, walked to the black
staircase, and said without a change in tone, “The dream is ending.”
Klein looked at her back move up the black staircase until the blinding light
drowned out everything.
…
Afternoon Town.
Upon seeing the candlelight light up in the buildings outside, the silent town
seemed to come to life. Derrick felt as though they had plummeted into a
nightmare as they instantly tensed up.
Demon Hunter Colin observed for a while before solemnly saying, “We are
in the real world.
“The power of the altar has leaked out.”