Chapter 1075

: No Response
“I came from underground…”
Looking at the ghastly-white words that appeared on the full-body mirror, a
chill suddenly ran down Klein’s back. His pupils dilated as he instinctively
wanted to switch places with his marionette next door.
In the room where the valet was, Enuni, who was lying quietly, had opened
his eyes.
His stomach began to expand and contract as though he had a second heart,
one that beat extremely slowly.
At the same time, the scene of the magic mirror, Arrodes, answering where
it came from flashed through Klein’s mind:
Large amounts of black sticky liquid spewed out from an underground hole,
writhing and expanding, an uneven number of hands and legs that turned
into numerous monsters grew out. During this process, a speck of light was
shot out along with the black liquid before landing on a rock, to which it
rapidly fused together, turning into a mirror with ancient patterns and black
gems adorning its two sides—Arrodes’s main form.
It really came from underground… And this underground is the same as the
underground area sealed by the bronze door inside the ancient abandoned
castle… I didn’t make the connection before… It’s not like I could help it.
There are just too many things that involve things from underground. Most
of them have little special meaning, just like coal… Hmm, a few days ago, I
didn’t think that there was anything overly special with the underground…
Klein controlled the urge within him and ignored the shock from Arrodes’s
answer, and he said with an unperturbed expression, “What’s the exact
situation?”
The ghastly-pale words changed and gave off a baffling feeling, as though it
was almost crying.
“Great Master, I’m not exactly sure what happened. I only came to the
surface and became a mirror before I gained true sentience. I don’t
remember anything from before.
“Oh yeah, there’s something that might be related. Do you want to hear it?”
“Speak.” Seeing that Arrodes’s attitude was still alright, Klein heaved a sigh
of relief.
The color of the words on the full-body mirror’s surface had slightly
recovered, and it became somewhat pure white:
“Didn’t I say it before? I see support and dominance from you, and other
than that special calling, I have similar feelings towards the underground. It
makes me feel warm and makes me want to return to submit myself. This
might be why I became your servant.”
What? The things from underground give people the same feeling as the
gray fog? They all involve support and dominance? Upon seeing Arrodes’s
answer, Klein jumped in fright once again. If not for his Clown’s ability, he
would’ve lost his composure.
At that moment, he suddenly recalled a Chinese joke he had seen in his
previous life and substituted himself into it: “What? The things that the
ancient gods fear come from underground?
“What? Arrodes also comes from underground?
“What? I also come from underground?”
This is really funny and scary… No, this might not be a joke. The original
owner of the mysterious space above the gray fog, the creator of that
strange door of light, the existence that pulled all the transmigrators over,
might be related to the underground, or he has all kinds of connections with
it… Klein’s thoughts wandered as he instantly thought of many matters.
As an indescribable shadow loomed over him, he smiled and mocked
himself, “No matter what, there are new clues and directions for the
investigation into the gray fog and transmigration…”
Klein composed himself and asked in deliberation, “What do the Churches
and secret organizations know about the underground objects that require
sealing?”
On the full-length mirror, the white words returned to its silver color:
“It’s almost unheard of. It seems to be concealed by some sort of power.”
Isn’t that “concealment”… Klein frowned slightly and didn’t say a word.
The silver words on the mirror continued to appear:
“However, there are some legends that exist within a group of secret
organizations.
“According to the legends, the underground is described as the lair of
Devils and evil spirits, the source of humanity’s decadence, the primordial
sins and evil.”
The first one is wrong. The underground object that needs to be sealed has a
high chance of having nothing to do with Devils or evil spirits… Legends
are actually similar to the mysterious symbols. Don’t look at what is said,
but peel off its outer skin and figure out what it symbolizes… This
symbolizes the fear of the underground, from the body to the spirit, from
one’s consciousness to one’s feelings? Klein’s thoughts raced as he said
with a nod, “It’s your turn to ask a question.”
“Great Master, your loyal servant, Arrodes, has a small suggestion. Do you
want to hear it?” Silver words appeared on the full-body mirror one after
another.
“Speak.” Klein could vaguely guess what Arrodes was suggesting.
“Before you return to being divine, try not to investigate anything related to
being sealed underground.” The silver words quickly squirmed, reforming
into a new sentence.
As expected… Klein sighed and calmly said, “Next question: how did you
confirm that Groselle’s Travels appeared after the disappearance of the City
of Miracles, Liveseyd?”
The words on the surface of the mirror quickly distorted, merging into a
clump, and then quickly dispersing:
“It’s a revelation and information obtained from the spirit world; since it
originated from the dragons’ subsidiary god, the Dragon of Wisdom, your
loyal servant believes that it can be confirmed.
“Great Master, is there a problem with that?”
How direct… After sighing, Klein instantly thought of how the Dragon of
Wisdom, Herabergen, should’ve entered the book world before and
approached the bronze door behind the ancient god’s throne, likely having
some knowledge of what was sealed underground due to “His”
“omniscience.” Furthermore, Klein believed that the ancient dragon had
hidden a deeper layer of secrets in Groselle’s Travels.
He could vaguely grasp it, but he couldn’t tell what it was and grasp at it.
“No,” Klein answered Arrodes’s question.
Then, he probed, “Why didn’t you mention the Dragon of Wisdom’s true
name?”
“It’s because I don’t dare to directly give the name of a god.” Arrodes gave
a confirmed answer in a tacit manner.
Klein nodded and didn’t ask further.
“It’s your turn.”
“Great Master, do you have any more questions?” The silver word rapidly
reorganized itself on the slightly dark mirror. “No, that’s all for today.”
Klein shook his head.
With that said, he remembered what had happened the previous time and
added, “I’ll summon you again when there are new questions.”
The full-body mirror immediately brightened, and the silver words
sparkled:
Yes, Master!
“Your loyal and strong servant, Arrodes, is waiting for you to call again!”
This time, it wasn’t a simple drawing but a white cat’s paw with a red
center.
…There’s always something new…The corner of Klein’s mouth twitched
slightly as he watched the full-body mirror the bedroom return to normal.
He stood in the darkness, bathed in the crimson moonlight shining through
the curtains. After standing quietly for a while, he returned to his bed and
quickly fell asleep with the help of Cogitation.
The next morning, on Monday morning, Klein woke up 15 minutes earlier
than usual. He led his valet, Enuni, down to the first floor and said to Butler
Walter, “I had a nightmare last night. I want to visit the cathedral before
breakfast.”
Although Butler Walter was surprised by this, it wasn’t too strange. After
all, as long as the cathedral’s doors were open, people could enter at any
time.
He quickly arranged for a carriage and sent Dwayne Dantes all the way to
the door.
When Klein arrived at Saint Samuel Cathedral, the door wasn’t opened yet.
He waited until eight before entering the main hall with the first batch of
believers. He found a seat in the first few pews and sat down facing the
Dark Sacred Emblem. Closing his eyes in the tranquil environment, he
focused on chanting the Goddess’s honorific name in ancient Hermes.
“The Evemight Goddess who stands higher than the cosmos and more
eternal than eternity. You are also the Lady of Crimson, the Mother of
Concealment, the Empress of Misfortune and Horror, Mistress of Repose
and Silence…”
After he finished reciting the honorific name, he changed to his normal
Loen language and said almost soundlessly, “There’s an ancient castle in
the middle of Delaire Forest. There’s an ancient bronze door deep within it.
It’s sealing a powerful corruptive force… How should I eliminate this latent
problem there?”
This wasn’t a test of a deity, but an open report. As for what reaction the
Church would have after that, and what they would see through their
operations, was a whole other matter.
After repeating it seven times, he began to pray seriously.
Time passed. In the quiet and peaceful church, Klein stood up and walked
out of Saint Samuel Cathedral with his valet, Enuni.
During this process, he didn’t receive any revelations, nor did he see the
matron of the Evernight cloister, Arianna.
The feedback itself meant something.
That was he wasn’t qualified to know about the underground seal.
East Borough, in a two-bedroom apartment.
Fors pulled up the blanket and covered her head.
She abhorred the curtains here because they were too thin and translucent
and couldn’t block out the morning sun. That seriously affected her quality
of sleep.
I have to change it. No, we might have to move again soon… Just as Fors’s
thoughts wandered about, she heard the sound of the bedroom door opening
and Xio’s familiar gait.
In a flash, her blanket disappeared and a letter landed on her.
Your letter, from Pritz Harbor,” Xio informed her.
“…Teacher’s reply.” Fors sat up suddenly, opened the letter, and quickly
read it.
After a moment of silence, she said, “I have to go out for a while. My
teacher has already reached Backlund… This letter should’ve arrived two
days ago!”
The letter had a date and address.
“The postman over here isn’t that responsible.” Xio glanced at her friend
and said, “Will you be late?”
“Fortunately, Teacher said that he would wait three days for me.” Fors
hurriedly got off the bed and started changing her clothes.
She had a feeling that she would be able to understand the Abraham family
more deeply this time, and also receive the potion formula of Traveler and
some Beyonder ingredients.