Chapter 1183

Klein“s Advantage
“…” Once again, Klein understood why Amon was the God of Mischief.
At that moment, he didn’t even have the desire to lampoon. All he wanted
was to immediately end the historical projection and escape from the Amon
—no, Amons—in front of him.
The charred corpse that had been “Parasitized” wiped the soot from its face.
Before Klein disappeared, it said with a smile, “There’s no rush. You are
just a projection from the Historical Void. I can’t really parasitize you, and
you should know very well that I’m not alone. It’s difficult for you to
launch an effective counterattack.”
With a simple lantern in hand, Klein thought silently. He picked up a piece
of the black sculpture fragment that had red insides, and he cautiously
asked, “What exactly do you want to say?”
At that moment, Amon had already changed back into “His” appearance.
The only problem was that “His” skin remained darker.
“He” adjusted “His” crystal monocle and chuckled.
“You know that I’m aware that you’re searching for that Dark Demonic
Wolf in an attempt to obtain the Miracle Invoker’s Beyonder characteristic
from ‘Him.’ I happen to be very interested as well. Why don’t we play
another game and see who can get to it first?”
What’s the point of that? It’s not like I won’t pursue it or think of snatching
it if I don’t play this game. After two seconds of silence, he shook his head.
“I refuse.”
He had no intention of listening to what conditions Amon would offer. The
more he heard from a top cheat, the more he would suffer.
Amon shook “His” head without a hint of anger.
“You’ll regret this. I had originally planned to use a Miracle Invoker’s
Beyonder characteristic to exchange for Sefirah Castle with you, and also
give you a period of time to transfer the secret gathering you organized.
“And now, I can only consider stealing your fate directly. I will carry the
burden of the corrosion from the source. Yes, although it’s dangerous, it’s
still thrilling enough. I’m already prepared to accept it and see who will
eventually control the flow. With my father’s experience, I believe I won’t
perform too poorly.”
…What? Corrosion from the source? The experience of the ancient sun
god? Klein originally didn’t wish to continue discussing the topic of the
Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristic and Sefirah Castle, but when he
heard that, his heart stirred.
He recalled Amon’s description and couldn’t help but ask, “The source
refers to the Oldest One, the first Creator?”
He desperately wanted to know what sort of unbearable fate Sefirah Castle
would bring him.
Amon pinched the edge of his monocle and looked at him for a few seconds
before suddenly smiling.
“It’s better if I don’t answer this question directly, as you won’t believe
every word I say.”
Tell me, I’ll determine its authenticity! Klein suppressed the urge to blurt
out and calmly replied, “Maybe it’s just because you haven’t made up the
reason yet.”
Amon didn’t mind at all as “He” smiled and said, “You can think of it that
way too.
“Heh heh, at times, the truth that you discover for yourself is definitely
more agreeable than what others tell you. If you have the time, you can
wander around the Forsaken Land of the Gods. This should provide you
with more clues. Of course, if you have the guts to enter Chernobyl, then
you would know more.”
“…” Klein didn’t pursue the matter any further. After staring at the
collapsed cathedral that was bathed in a faint yellow light, he casually said,
“Did the Dark Demonic Wolf hurriedly migrate because of the discovery of
your existence?”
Amon nodded slightly and said, “It wasn’t just me. ‘He’ also sensed The
Hanged Man’s gaze. ‘He’ has been hiding in the Forsaken Land of the Gods
for thousands of years. ‘He’ is very sensitive to such matters.”
A Sequence 2 angel, perhaps even a Sequence 1 angel, can only play hide
and seek in the Forsaken Land of the Gods and live such an abject life…
Isn’t the environment here a little too harsh? Klein sighed inwardly before
saying, “You must’ve left more than one avatar in the City of Silver. Why
didn’t you try to stop me from reviving there?
“Why didn’t you send more powerful avatars over?”
Amon nudged the bottom of “His” monocle with “His” right index finger
and laughed.
“If that happens, you’ll choose to revive in the outside world. This will
cause quite a bit of trouble for my follow-up tracking.
“And if I—if we were to relax a little, due to the existence of the Miracle
Invoker Beyonder characteristic in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, you
would most likely be resurrected here. In the following game, the only
things that we need to consider are The Hanged Man and Ouroboros.”
Just as I thought… Klein said after some thought, “Even in the same region,
as long as you exceed a certain distance, your true body and avatars have no
way to instantly merge or switch locations?
“Back when you first entered the Forsaken Land of the Gods, you were able
to transform back into your true form because the anomalies with Sefirah
Castle had similarly interfered with the area here, allowing your true body
to sense something. You went to the entrance in advance to wait?”
After hearing what he said with a smile, Amon asked without answering,
“What’s your guess?
“Why don’t you guess if I’ve turned back into my original form?”
Klein raised his right fist and covered his mouth. After pondering for a few
seconds, he revealed a smile.
“I guess your other avatars are setting up a corresponding ritual to allow
your true body to descend directly…”
Before he could finish his sentence, his figure rapidly turned incorporeal
and dissipated.
The Historical Void projection was dispelled.
In the wilderness outside the ancient city of Nois, the air around the hiding
Klein suddenly stirred. In midair, there were a series of illusory monocles.
They stared at Klein’s figure, as if saying that they had finally found him.
However, Klein’s figure rapidly faded away.
Back when Amon moved the monocle to “His” right eye, Klein had already
returned from ancient history to the real world. With the help of Paper
Angel, he had used Flaming Jump and other Beyonder powers to quickly
leave.
The reason why his historical projection was able to speak to Amon rather
normally was because he was essentially a marionette. It was Qonas Kilgor
in the form of Gehrman Sparrow. He had a Worm of Spirit that came from
history inside him and was controlled by Klein’s projection outside the city.
Meanwhile, in the process of escaping far away, Klein frequently entered
the Historical Void, allowing the projection outside the city to intermittently
regain consciousness and maintain control of his marionette.
This caused the person who had spoken to Amon to fall into deep thought
from time to time. He would either stare with a focused look for a few
seconds or seemingly need time to recall what Amon had said.
Against the God of Deceit, Klein didn’t dare to be careless!
After leaving Nois City, he circled around two more times and used his true
vision to inspect his surroundings above the gray fog. Only then did he slow
down.
The corrosion that comes from the source… I wonder if Amon is bluffing
me… Indeed, I’ll have to enter Chernobyl one day to take a look, but I have
to become a Miracle Invoker—doing so after I have self-preservation
abilities to a certain degree; otherwise, I’ll just be knocking on death’s
door… With the lantern that Danitz had sacrificed, Klein casually
proceeded in the dark environment of the weeds.
Thanks to this experience, he finally had a deeper understanding of the
danger in the Forsaken Land of the Gods.
Extremely harsh and warped environment, crazy cultists, fallen angel,
groups of Amons wandering about, and Mythical Creatures lurking in the
darkness. Somewhere here, there are evil gods watching everything. I can
stir remnant divine powers that others can as well… As expected of the
Forsaken Land of the Gods. The danger level far exceeds my imagination…
As he sighed, he turned his attention back to the Dark Demonic Wolf.
To be frank, he didn’t think he had any advantage in tracking this Mythical
Creature. Be it his understanding of the Forsaken Land of the Gods, or his
confidence in the target’s situation, he was far inferior to Amon, who had
been exploring the area for more than a thousand years, as well as the True
Creator’s Blesseds who had the benefit of this place being their home
ground.
My only advantage is that I share the same Seer pathway as the Dark
Demonic Wolf. Furthermore, I have Sefirah Castle. There is a strong
inclination for Beyonder characteristic convergence. This will have a
certain effect on fate and judgment… However, Amon is a King of Angels
of a neighboring pathway. There is also the law of Beyonder characteristic
convergence between “Him” and the Dark Demonic Wolf. The effects
won’t be any weaker than mine… Klein considered carefully for a moment
when he suddenly had an idea. He found his best advantage.
The advantage was:
He was very weak!
Compared to Amon, the True Creator’s attendant, and the Dark Demonic
Wolf, he was very weak!
Under normal circumstances, this was a disadvantage, but at times, it was
possible that it could bring him something that he wanted.
My level is low, and I’m weak. That means that I can become the hunting
target of the Dark Demonic Wolf instead… It’s very difficult for me to find
“Him,” so why don’t I get “Him” to come and find me instead! A Scholar of
Yore might not necessarily interest the Dark Demonic Wolf, but if this
Scholar of Yore can still trigger Sefirah Castle, that’s a whole other
matter… I can stir Sefirah Castle from time to time, leaving behind traces
of the gray fog’s aura as bait for the Dark Demonic Wolf… The more he
thought, the more viable he believed it was.
Of course, this was definitely very dangerous. If he wasn’t careful, he might
accidentally bait Amon or even the True Creator. And the Dark Demonic
Wolf might very likely choose to observe first before suddenly launching an
attack and not giving him a chance to prepare.
Before taking this approach, I have to make sufficient preparations…
There’s no need to rush it… Taking a deep breath, Klein reached out his
hand and pulled out the black demonic wolf sculpture’s fragment that was
red on the inside.
Although he had failed to obtain the item due to Amon’s obstruction, this
didn’t stop him from taking it out from the Historical Void. This was
because he had already seen it and had touched it. And the item itself wasn’t
at a high level.
At this moment, he wanted to use the fragment to search for the hiding spot
of the Dark Demonic Wolf by analyzing it in reverse and figuring out its
modus operandi.
In the wilderness ruled by darkness, Klein lifted the lantern that emitted a
faint yellow light. He got his bearings and changed directions before slowly
entering.
…
Backlund, Hillston Borough.
Fors, who had gone out “Traveling” once, finally received a reply from her
teacher, Dorian Gray Abraham.