Chapter 793

: Surprise Visitor
Upon hearing Mr. Moon’s question, Fors nearly blurted out, “Of course!
Better than anyone else! I’m just not too aware of the details.”
However, she controlled her mouth in time as she apprehensively looked at
Mr. World.
At the same time, Alger, Audrey, and Cattleya vaguely guessed that the
serious matter that had happened in Backlund’s East Borough was the
assassination of the Aurora Order’s Oracle. Based on the inferences they
had before, it was done by The World!
And as Emlyn wasn’t a Spectator, he wasn’t able to tell from her eyes. All
Fors could do was force a smile at Emlyn.
“I’m unable to tell you the specifics.
“I only know that demigod-level Beyonder powers of the Storm domain
appeared back then. The Church of Storms places a great deal of attention
over the matter.”
She didn’t dare divulge the reasons on behalf of Mr. World, simply
describing what she had seen.
She believed that if Mr. World was willing to reveal more, he definitely
would’ve added on to her answer.
Demigod-level Beyonder powers of the Storm domain? Audrey and
company were taken aback as they instinctively doubted the accuracy of
their theories.
They had previously imagined that Leymano’s Travels had been created
after the death of the Aurora Order Oracle; therefore, The World had no
way of borrowing Mr. Fool’s demigod-level powers to record them before
the assassination!
The serious case involving Beyonders in East Borough has nothing to do
with Mr. World? No, Fors’s glance is enough proof that it was caused by
Mr. World! But why would a demigod-level Beyonder power of the Storm
domain appear? One possibility is that Leymano’s Travels isn’t a result of
this assassination but that it originally belonged to Fors. Another
possibility is that a Cardinal of the Church of Storms or a Beyonder with
the corresponding Sealed Artifact had delivered an attack…
If it were the former, needing Mr. World to use the Beyonder powers at the
demigod level implies that the Oracle was relatively powerful with the
possible existence of a Saint backing him. If it were the latter, to have Mr.
World still be able to leave safely after such an assault implies his
formidableness…
Of course, the possibility can’t be eliminated that he deliberately lured the
Church of Storms to encounter the Aurora Order’s Oracle, and while a
battle broke out between demigods, he efficiently carried out an
assassination during the chaos… Audrey made some guesses based on the
details she had observed, and each guess implied one thing:
The World had the strength, intelligence, support, and ability, making him
one of the top Sequence 5 Beyonders below that of demigods!
How terrifying. As expected of Mr. Fool’s Blessed… When I arrive at a
cathedral, I should be able to figure out what happened… Alger also made
a basic judgment of the situation as he sighed. All he could do was console
himself. With such a helper, the exploration of the primitive island would
only be easier.
As for Cattleya, she shared similar thoughts with Audrey. She planned on
asking Queen Mystic about the situation. This owner of the Dawn had
previously revealed in her letter that she would be in Backlund for the time
being.
Demigod-level Beyonder powers of the Storm domain… Emlyn repeated
Miss Magician’s words as his head ached.
Although he enjoyed staying at home and not heading out, he still needed to
head out to get some blood to drink from the hospitals. Being in a big city,
he was equipped with common knowledge. Together with his elders
warnings and guidance, he knew a lot about the official organizations like
the Machinery Hivemind, Mandated Punishers, and Nighthawks. He knew
the influence that a serious case would bring to the area.
If I don’t have a good disguise while infiltrating East Borough, I might be
caught by the Mandated Punishers before I even approach my targets…
Although I have the identity of being part of the Church of Mother Earth
and wouldn’t be impounded underground or made into a test subject of
Sealed Artifacts, this also means that my operation has failed. I might even
have Leymano’s Travels taken away… During such times, taking the sewers
would be even more dangerous. Who knows how many official Beyonders
are lying in ambush over there… Emlyn suddenly felt that what seemed like
a simple mission had turned difficult.
He quickly came to a decision that he would take action in the latter half of
the night. During this time, the low-class residents of East Borough would
begin returning home from work. Although it was dark, the streets would be
bustling. Even if the Mandated Punishers had ten times more manpower, it
was impossible to carry out any strict surveillance and single out every
possible suspect.
The next important step is to plan the operation to finish off the two
artificial vampires without causing much of a stir… Hmm, I’ll have to
consider a situation of an intense battle that’s impossible to hide… Wait,
Miss Magician had just mentioned that Leymano’s Travels has a Beyonder
power known as Teleport… The problem is resolved! Emlyn heaved a sigh
of relief and chuckled.
“I will keep that in mind.”
He had said that sentence very calmly and with great confidence, as though
everything was in control.
Heh, this fellow Emlyn was first stumped before feeling relieved. There’s a
90% chance he recalled the Traveler’s Door in Leymano’s Travels… If I
hadn’t obtained Traveling, I definitely would’ve added the condition that no
one is to touch that spellbook’s page before The World Gehrman Sparrow…
Klein scoffed silently without a word.
To him, as there was only one Traveler’s Door in Leymano’s Travels, he
definitely needed to use Creeping Hunger for his return trip to the primitive
island. In that case, he might as well exploit the glove as he needed to feed
a death row convict to it. He didn’t want to waste it.
“Anyways, I’ve warned you.” Fors didn’t speak further, wishing that
everything would go smoothly for Mr. Moon.
At that moment, Alger turned to look at Little Sun.
“Are you still in the City of Silver?”
“Yes, my recent mission is to acquaint myself with my powers and patrol
the surrounding area,” Derrick replied honestly.
Alger thought for a moment before saying, “Has that Shepherd Elder not
looked for you recently?”
“No.” Derrick paused. “The six-member council seems to be busy with the
former Chief’s mausoleum. As for what it is, I’m not privy to the
information.”
Klein had heard Little Sun mention of the former Chief of the City of
Silver. It was said that he had built a mausoleum that reached deep
underground before moving into it, and he hadn’t appeared again. It was
suspected that his attempt to switch to Sequence 3 of the Death pathway
had failed.
I wonder what happened inside the mausoleum. My spiritual intuition tells
me that there’s danger involved… Before Klein spoke, he heard Alger say,
“Take note of this matter. To investigate the former Chief’s mausoleum at
such a critical moment means that it’s something important. It might bring
you danger.”
“Okay!” Derrick nodded strongly. “I’ll do my best to figure out the
specifics.”
The exchange continued. As the members didn’t encounter much this week,
this segment quickly came to an end. The Tarot Club members began
teaching The Sun mysticism languages of the outside world as they learned
about ancient myths from him.
During this process, Audrey was a little disappointed and depressed. She
had failed to buy anything or share anything this week, and her participation
appeared lacking.
Sigh… My life has been too quiet and stable. I have nothing to share…
However, this is normal. As the daughter of one of the top three bankers in
the kingdom, a daughter of East Chester’s earl, if I were to frequently
encounter Beyonder matters, experiencing alarming and exciting matters
every week, that means that the present society and government structure is
unable to maintain the order of the Beyonder world. It would definitely
result in a fundamental change to everything… Hmm, when I return to
Backlund, my contact with the Psychology Alchemists will increase. I’ll be
able to change this situation… Audrey rapidly became optimistic, and she
stood up and bade Mr. Fool farewell.
Over the past half a year, she had read quite a number of useful books
thanks to Susie. In terms of profundity and maturity, she was a lot better
than before.
…
Böklund Street North Borough, 160 Böklund Street.
After ending the Tarot Club, Klein walked to the attached balcony to his
bedroom, and he looked at the surrounding environment which was filled
with vegetation.
With Miss Magician’s attempt to rent out Leymano’s Travels, there will be
more of such Tarot Club transactions in the future. Heh heh, they might not
have realized that their own Beyonder powers can be sold! Once the rentals
happen more frequently, someone will ultimately request someone to help
record a particular power… When the time comes, I’ll be able to supply
Beyonder powers of various domains thanks to the numerous mystical items
I have…
It won’t be too expensive, but it’s long-lasting, and it will often be in
demand.
Heh, I wonder who will be the first to muster their courage to seek The Fool
for help, hoping that a demigod power can be recorded… This needs to be a
fair exchange, and a sufficient price needs to be paid… If no one dares take
that step, afraid that it’s blasphemous, I can let The World be an example.
After all, Mr. Fool has shown his friendliness and casualness from the
beginning. As long as no mistakes are made, similar transactions can be
made…
Having the precedent of punishing Ma’am Hermit, I don’t believe anyone
will belittle The Fool as a result. They would be honored, delighted, and
fearful… Klein thought about the Tarot Club as his thoughts wandered,
filled with anticipation towards the trade of Beyonder powers in the future.
At this moment, he heard knocking at the door.
“Please enter,” Dwayne Dantès with his gray sideburns turned around and
said.
The doorknob turned and the door opened. Butler Walter in his white gloves
walked in and said respectfully, “Sir, Ma’am Mary from the National
Atmospheric Pollution Council is here to visit you.
“Do you wish to meet her?”
Mary Schott? The major shareholder of the Coim Company, the lady who
got me to investigate her former husband’s adultery? Why is she here?
Don’t tell me that Dwayne Dantès has caught her fancy… Klein was
slightly puzzled as he nodded with a smile.
“It’s almost tea time. Let’s have it a little earlier.”
“Alright, I will invite Ma’am Mary to the activity room on the second
story.” Walter easily understood his employer’s intentions.
Klein nodded slightly without saying anything else. With the help of his
valet, Richardson, he wore his coat and went down to the second story.
Soon, he saw Ma’am Mary with her tall cheekbones in the activity room.
This lady was dressed in a dark blue dress with elegant accessories in an
ostentatious but restrained manner. Compared to last year, she appeared
more classy and with a higher temperament.
“Good afternoon, Ma’am. I’ve always been considering finding a time to
visit you. I would wish to hear about your investigations on Backlund’s
atmospheric pollution.” Klein took the initiative to speak politely.
Mary replied with a smile, “Unfortunately, I didn’t manage to wait for it.”
After exchanging a few words of pleasantries as they talked about the
recent weather, Klein sat on a single-seater as he raised his porcelain
teacup.
“Ma’am, you seem to have something troubling you?”
He could tell that Mary was hesitant and deliberating.
Mary laughed as she sighed.
“I’ve heard about your experience and wisdom. I believe that you’re a
gentleman with excellent foresight.
“This is the thing: Are you interested in purchasing some of the Coim
Company’s shares?”
“Why? Ma’am, are you in trouble?” Klein asked in a staid manner
Mary shook her head.
“Someone else is selling them.”