Chapter 843

: Magical Mushroom
“Sequence 0: The Fool!”
After discerning the words on the tarot card, Klein once again felt the same
feeling he had when he heard Zaratul say his name.
At that moment, he felt the strong call of destiny. He felt that everything
had been arranged from the beginning, just like 0-08.
He began to suspect that his original judgment, believing that the female
beast tamer from the traveling circus that had visited Tingen and performed
a tarot divination for him wasn’t an ordinary person.
As his thoughts raced, Klein viewed it from another angle and came up with
a new idea. Gradually, he stopped being that horrified, fearful, and
depressed.
Perhaps it wasn’t a machination but the changes that I brought about
myself.
This is because of the ritual that resulted in my transmigration. I had a
connection with the mysterious space above the gray fog. Fate would
naturally be affected as a result. More precisely, as a visitor from another
world, I never had my “fate” here. The current trajectory I’ve taken is a
result of my character, the encounters of the original Klein, the influence of
the gray fog, and the surrounding environment.
The mysterious space above the gray fog is clearly strongly tied to the Seer
pathway. And this pathway’s Sequence 0 is The Fool. When projected into
reality, and in front of a divination, I’ll definitely get The Fool as my card!
Similarly, this resulted in me later using The Fool as my name.
Klein’s mood calmed down bit by bit, believing that this was the most
plausible explanation.
Using Occam’s Razor to eliminate all presently unknown factors, I can still
obtain a reasonable explanation. That means that it’s quite likely to be the
case… Klein forced himself to stop thinking about questions he couldn’t
provide certain answers to. He then turned his attention to what had just
happened.
That huge chair and that cluster of translucent maggots were what I saw
when I made a divination above the gray fog.
From carefully considering and inferring things from this harrowing scene,
it might very well be an angel from the Seer pathway, an angel that had lost
control and turned into a monster!
Zaratul “Himself”?
Or the powerful entity from the Antigonus family from the Fourth Epoch?
If it’s the former, that corroborates with Arrodes and Will Auceptin. Zaratul
is already Sequence 1 and has lost control and gone made. “He” broke
down into a monster. This matches… This can also explain why Zaratul
only wishes for the door to be opened. It’s because once the door of secrets
is opened, the two sides will have a connection, allowing “Him” to recover
from “His” present state bit by bit. “His” repeated emphasis on “His” ashes
was just a pretense.
But herein lies the problem. The environment Zaratul is located in, as
presented by Arrodes, doesn’t resemble the ancient palace at the mountain
peak. Otherwise, I would’ve recognized it back then.
What if that’s the angel from the Antigonus family who’s living as an abject
existence, one that made Zaratul suffer after “He” came to the Hornacis
mountain range after obtaining the notebook from Roselle? “He” had a part
of him separated from “Him” without realizing it; thus, causing “Him” to
go mad during the advancement. Regardless, “He” is a Sequence 1
Attendant of Mysteries. After all, Zaratul was already a Miracle Invoker
back then…
From this angle, Zaratul’s goal might very well be the opening of the door,
allowing the foggy town’s history and fate to become mixed with the
outside world, preventing “Him” from being dissociated again.
Regardless, that cluster of translucent maggots is probably a Sequence 1
that lost control. No wonder the Demoness of Despair faced a breakdown
the moment she saw “Him.” She only managed to struggle a little before
being hung up, turning into a marionette that’s being hung up to dry.
Thankfully, I was lacking in clues back then, and the scenes I saw through
divination wasn’t clear enough. Otherwise, I would’ve suffered a terrible
blow from witnessing a complete and crazy Mythical Creature. I would’ve
lost control and mutated…
Wait, no matter how strong “He” is, can “He” be stronger than the Eternal
Blazing Sun and the True Creator? Even if a Seer pathway Beyonder has a
certain resistance against the mysterious space above the gray fog, it would
at best make “Them” be at the same level. In other words, as long as I
endured the pain, with the prerequisites met, I have one chance of prying on
its secrets, and a complete Mythical Creature’s state is mixed in with the
relevant knowledge.
Who knows, I might be able to get one or two High-Sequence formulas, just
like how I obtained the Unshadowed from the Eternal Blazing Sun back
then.
At this thought, Klein couldn’t help but have a scene surface in his mind.
The Fool above the gray fog was silently reaching out his thieving hands
once again.
While reeling in joy, Klein also found it a great pity because, with his
present level, strength, and items, he had no way to head to the ancient chair
with the translucent maggots and pick up The Fool card.
To see an item that one desired the most but not being able to obtain it was
often painful.
Phew… At least I’ve already obtained the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula.
In the future, I still have once chance of prying on its secrets. The risk I
took this time wasn’t in vain. All the gold pounds I spent and the marionette
I lost wasn’t in vain either… Hmm, Zaratul likely wouldn’t give a fake
formula. To “Him,” there’s no need for him to lie to a Sequence 5 Beyonder
who might not walk out alive. Besides, if “He” was lying, he had to be wary
of me already knowing the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula. The reason
why I asked might only be to determine if “He” was worth trusting… I’ll
divine this later when I’m back above the gray fog… Klein heaved a sigh of
relief, and seeing that there hadn’t been any anomalies outside for quite a
while, he decided to immediately approach the pitch-black cathedral and
observe the changes inside.
To him, all the problems that he thought about weren’t pressing issues. The
pressing issue was to leave the secret world, to leave this foggy town!
When he came out of the building he was in, Klein, who was wearing an
ancient triangular hat and dark red coat, carefully came to the entrance of
the ancient cathedral. He carefully passed through the ajar door and walked
in.
The corpses that looked and dressed differently were no different from
before. They remained hanging in midair, swaying with the wind and
producing the ravings of “Hornacis… Flegrea…”
Klein walked under them as his eyes got accustomed to the dim
environment, allowing him to see more.
The half demonic wolf-and half-human statue was still standing there
without any signs of damage. The obsidian rock and the tin urn were behind
the statue without any signs of cracking.
Klein first heaved a sigh of relief as he began to observe his surroundings
when his gaze froze.
In a dark corner stood a gigantic mushroom taller than he was.
The mushroom’s cap had scarlet-red like blood with interspersed white
patterns. Its body was formed out of similar tiny mushrooms. Their patterns
drew out a face—Mr. A’s face.
However, Mr. A’s “eyes” were blank. It didn’t have the glint that one would
call human. There were mushrooms growing from both sides of the stem,
forming into long arms. And on the left palm was a thin human-skinned
glove. Both parties had seemed to fuse as one.
…What kind of abomination is that… Klein involuntarily took a step back.
He found his knowledge in mysticism completely lacking at that moment in
time.
He began taking actions to protect himself. While doing so, having not
deactivated his corresponding visions, he discovered that the terrifying
mushroom didn’t have any Spirit Body Threads. It appeared to have long
been dead, and its only movements were the results of spasming nerves.
Suddenly, Klein had a theory.
Mr. A, who had been infested with mushrooms, didn’t manage to escape in
time and had seen the cluster of translucent maggots. He had seen a
complete Mythical Creature, causing his mind to instantly die as his body
collapsed completely. This also resulted in a terrifying mutation. It then
merged with Senor who had disintegrated from the curse, becoming a
never-seen-before mushroom monster!
Also, Creeping Hunger has been swallowed… This “mushroom” is really
disgusting. I’ll throw Frank into the sea if he ever mentions mushrooms
again… Klein’s eyes darted around slightly as he subconsciously headed for
the obsidian rock. He planned on ignoring the “mushroom” and first escape.
At this moment, he found his mind turning adrift. Everything around him
seemed to turn into a blur.
Suddenly, Klein realized that he was being forcefully pulled into a dream!
He immediately escaped the dream and saw the nearly two-meter-tall
“mushroom” sliding over slowly. In its hand was a great sword that was a
combination of scarlet magma and blue-hot flames.
It can use Sword of Lava… Klein didn’t hesitate as he opened his mouth
and let out a sound: “Bang!”
The extremely penetrative Air Bullet hit the “mushroom” who had slowed
down due to it being engaged in controlling dreams. The bullet drilled
through its cap, tearing open a huge wound.
Underneath the wound was human flesh and tiny spores. They quickly
squirmed and restored the “body.”
To think that’s possible… Klein felt a strong sense of danger as he hurriedly
lunged to the side, rolling several times in the process.
The “mushroom” sped up suddenly as the Sword of Lava in its hand
dragged scarlet and blue flames, cleaving down at the spot Klein had been
standing at. It caused the floor tiles to rupture as flames scattered.
At this moment, Klein snapped his fingers, igniting the tiny mushrooms that
formed the monster.
Then, he ran towards the back of the statue in an attempt to obtain the
obsidian rock.
But finding his thoughts go adrift for a moment, Klein realized that he was
going in the wrong direction.
He was rushing towards the entrance.
It can distort my will? Klein’s heart tightened as he noticed through the
corner of his eye that the surface of the gigantic “mushroom” was covered
in a layer of frost. The frost had extinguished the soaring scarlet flames.
As his thoughts raced, Klein ran towards the door and snapped his fingers,
igniting the tree leaves outside.
In situations with zero understanding about his enemy, and him having not
made any preparations, he believed that a Magician had to choose to retreat
and avoid dangers for the time being.
More importantly, his strongest Marionettist powers were useless because
the gigantic “mushroom” didn’t have any Spirit Body Threads!
Scarlet flames soared up like water, enveloping Klein’s body. He quickly
appeared in the flames outside as he jumped towards the ground.
He was just about to distance himself when he heard a howling wind.
The red-capped “mushroom” had come out of the cathedral with the
auspices of a strong gust of wind!
It can even fly! Klein snapped his fingers, using Flaming Jump to open up a
gap.
Meanwhile, he discovered his nose was itching as he wanted to sneeze.
I’m also sick… How am I supposed to fight? I don’t have any mystical
items, and I haven’t been able to fully express my strengths as a
Marionettist… It really is a magical mushroom! Klein was at a loss on
whether to laugh or cry when he hid inside a building.
Suddenly, he felt his body become somewhat cold as his mind naturally
reflected his present appearance.
His ancient triangular hat, dark red coat, white pants, and black boots had
vanished. All he had on him was a pair of briefs to uphold his last bit of
dignity.
This… Thirty minutes are up. The spell for summoning Senor from the past
has ended… Klein instantly understood the reason as he began thinking.
That “mushroom” which fused with parts of Admiral of Blood has likely
disappeared as well…
Also, in another fifteen minutes, the effects of the “fish” will disappear. It
will lack the main element that forms it…
Klein couldn’t help but curl his lips. He immediately used flames and
leaped out. Indeed, as he expected, the gigantic “mushroom” had a
ridiculous hole in part of its stem. Furthermore, it couldn’t fix it, causing its
speed to slow and become impeded.
Come on, let’s play hide-and-seek… Klein silently said as he began circling
the town’s streets, using the flames and buildings to engage in a merry
chase with the gigantic “mushroom.”
During this process, the crimson moon didn’t turn clear at all.
After more than ten minutes, the terrifying “mushroom” finally lost its
ability to move as it collapsed on the street.
Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he slowly and carefully approached. He saw
that the flesh and blood of the “mushroom” was gathering together as points
of light converged. Soon, all that was left was a thin human-skinned glove.
This… because of the mutation brought about by the Sequence 1 angel,
Creeping Hunger fused with Mr. A? It’s an upgraded version of Creeping
Hunger? Klein bent his back as he carefully picked up the human-skinned
glove.