Chapter 1238

: Hypothesis
After dealing with the spoils of war and bestowing the purified Shaman
King Beyonder characteristic to Emlyn White, Klein was in no hurry to
leave Sefirah Castle. He simply reviewed the battle today.
One thing he focused on was Abomination Suah’s performance in various
aspects, so as to assess how powerful an angel was.
If I encounter him head-on and do not hold back, I might not even have a
chance to summon an angel projection. Unless I succeed on my first
attempt… Of course, my target, Dark Demon Wolf, is a Sequence 2 Miracle
Invoker. As for Abomination Suah, “He” is already a Sequence 1. The gap
between the two is likely quite significant… However, Dark Demonic Wolf
shares the same Seer pathway as me. “He” suppresses me in every aspect…
I can only be thankful that “He” hasn’t completed the ritual and advanced to
Sequence 1, or I wouldn’t have any hope of winning… Sequence 1… As his
thoughts raced, Klein’s gaze suddenly constricted as he sat straight.
He had thought of a possibility in a moment of inspiration.
Could the Dark Demonic Wolf, Kotar, have advanced and become a
Sequence 1 Attendant of Mysteries? “He” created a marionette city to
mislead possible trackers, such as Angel of Time Amon?
It can’t be ruled out… Yes, there’s another possibility. The Dark Demonic
Wolf Kotar is in complete control of that “curtain” and has the strength of a
quasi-Sequence 1… The more Klein thought about it, the more he realized
that the operation was more dangerous than he imagined.
The Dark Demonic Wolf has survived in the Forsaken Land of the Gods for
so many years. Even a God of Trickery like Amon is unable to capture
“Him.” This means that “His” strength and intelligence has reached a rather
high level!
I still have to make more preparations for hunting “Him”… Klein frowned
slightly and slowly exhaled.
…
Backlund, West Borough, within the Odora family’s villa.
Emlyn sat on a leather sofa in the living room, crossed his right leg, and
placed it on his left thigh, patiently waiting for Baron Cosmi to enter.
Before long, the middle-aged Sanguine Baron entered the living room and
swept his gaze across Emlyn.
“Viscount White, why are you visiting so late at night?”
Emlyn smiled and said, “Isn’t this just the beginning of a day? Look, the
crimson moon outside the window is so beautiful.”
Cosmi wanted to retort to the young Sanguine, pointing out how Emlyn
followed the “good practice” of waking up at seven in the morning and
sleeping before eleven back when he went to the Harvest Church. After a
moment of hesitation, he resisted the urge and said, “What’s the matter?”
Emlyn raised his hand to pat the gown, tugged at his bowtie, and slowly got
up. He raised his chin slightly and said, “Tell Lord Nibbs that he can begin
preparing for the Earl conferment ritual.”
“…” Cosmi instinctively asked, “What are you talking about?”
Just as he said that, he suddenly came to a realization as he recalled
Emlyn’s previous application.
“Y-you obtained an Earl—no, a Shaman King’s Beyonder characteristic?”
Emlyn enjoyed this very moment as he replied with a smile, “Did you think
I was just joking when borrowing Vision of White?”
As he spoke, he took out the bronze box inlaid with many ruby gems. He
opened it and revealed the eyeball-shaped glass sphere inside, indicating
that he hadn’t lost it and was about to return it.
Cosmi’s eyes flickered as he said, “The Rose School of Thought’s
temperance faction still has such powerful strength?
“Then why did they cooperate with you?”
The upper echelons of the Sanguine in Backlund, which was also the
grandfather of Cosmi, Marquis Nibbs Odora, didn’t think highly of Emlyn’s
previous application. He wanted to wait for the cooperation with the Rose
School of Thought to fall through before Emlyn had no choice but to seek
help from him or their demigods.
Emlyn glanced at him and replied with a smile, “It’s a secret.”
This was the tone he learned from Gehrman Sparrow. He found it cool and
thought that it suited his preferences.
At the same time, this was the key point that The Hanged Man had
repeatedly told him during the free exchange of the Tarot Club.
Only by maintaining a sense of mystery would the upper echelons of the
Sanguine experience certain fear. This prevented them from finding excuses
or using their status to take away the Shaman King characteristic.
Without waiting for Cosmi to respond, Emlyn threw the bronze box
containing the Vision of White and buttoned up his suit. He walked past the
baron and walked to the door of the living room.
As he was about to leave, Emlyn stopped. Without turning his head, he
straightened his back and looked straight ahead.
“Remember to address me as Earl next time.”
With the Ancestor’s blessings and the importance the Moon had placed on
him, he was filled with confidence in becoming a Shaman King.
Cosmi’s facial muscles twitched, but he maintained his silence. Only after
Emlyn left did he find it difficult to control his warped expression.
As a Sanguine who had existed since the time of Roselle, he was many
years older than Emlyn, but he remained a baron. He was just slightly better
than those without a noble title. As for Emlyn, who was considered a
laughing stock amongst the younger generation of the Backlund Sanguine,
he was about to cross the border separating mortals and gods. He would
become a Sequence 4 Shaman King, a Sanguine Earl.
How could Cosmi not lose his composure? How could he not be jealous?
How could he not be shocked?
After spending a few minutes to control his emotions, he headed down to
the basement. Passing through several secret doors, he arrived at the gray
hall where Nibbs was sleeping.
“Grandfather, Emlyn’s operation has succeeded.”
Inside the black iron coffin, there was a brief silence. After three or four
seconds, Nibbs finally said, “The faction backing him is beyond our
imagination…”
This Sanguine Marquis’s voice was deep and old, with a hint of hoarseness
as it echoed in the hall.
“Grandfather, Emlyn succeeded by relying on the Vision of White. A
portion of the items he obtained rightfully belongs to the race,” Cosmi said
with some anticipation, feeling somewhat indignant.
Nibbs’s voice grew louder.
“Buffoon!
“To be able to hunt a Shaman King while the Rose School of Thought was
clearly prepared, is that something any faction can do?
“The Rose School of Thought’s temperance faction has been in shambles
for years, so how much strength can it have left?
“At most, they have an angel in a poor condition, or a Grade 0 Sealed
Artifact, as well as two to three demigods. All these put together wouldn’t
be able to restrain Abomination Suah and the Rose School of Thought’s
other angels, other Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, a sizable number of demigods,
as well as the Chained God’s projection, and the blessings of the Mother
Tree of Desire.
“If Emlyn’s operation succeeded, then you can count how many angels and
Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts are needed at the very least. This is a power that
can match ours!
“In the future, don’t deliberately investigate Emlyn and his other
companions!”
After shouting a few more times, Nibbs coughed twice, clearly struggling.
Cosmi’s face turned pale as he finally calmed down.
“Then… are you really going to prepare a ritual for him?”
“What else?” Nibbs returned with a question before sighing. “Perhaps after
Emlyn took the risk for the Sanguine’s future, the Ancestor has truly begun
showing ‘Her’ concern for him…”
…
Fog Sea, La Cha Island.
After leaving the Future on the safe sea route, Admiral of Stars Cattleya
used her fairytale magic to arrive at a mountain peak. She recited a passage
in Jotun to an empty cliff:
“Open sesame!”
A path immediately appeared on the cliff as though it was real and illusory.
It was unknown where it led to.
Cattleya made use of her prophetic means to make a simple assessment of
any danger. Then, she stepped onto the path and ventured deep into the cliff.
As she walked, her vision cleared up. She saw the sea that appeared clear
like sapphires and a beautiful castle made of pure emerald.
This was Queen Mystic Bernadette’s Emerald City.
Cattleya wasn’t unfamiliar with this place. She easily passed the questions
and tests of the magical guards and came to the half-open room that
provided the best vista in the castle.
The tall Queen was standing behind the railing, looking at the waves that
surged forward.
For some reason, Cattleya’s hidden excitement, thrill, and joy suddenly
calmed down at that moment as she felt a sense of security and freedom.
Back when she cruised the seas, she would occasionally feel lonely and sad,
like a leaf that had left its tree, allowing the wind to bring her to different
places. Now, she seemed to have fallen back to the ground, right beside the
tree.
She opened her mouth, momentarily at a loss for words. Finally, she nudged
the heavy glasses on her nose and simply greeted, “Good afternoon, Your
Majesty.”
Bernadette turned around and nodded.
“I summoned you back to Emerald City because I have some things to hand
over to you.”
Cattleya instinctively asked, “Why are you handing them over to me?”
The Queen had a secret organization like Element Dawn and a group of
pirates under her!
Bernadette didn’t directly answer Cattleya’s question as she said, “I
previously received a clue and left Backlund in a hurry.”
“I remember the matter,” Cattleya interjected.
Bernadette’s long and straight eyebrows twitched slightly.
“Through this clue, I managed to piece together an incomplete sea map
from the descendants of Edwards, William, and Poli. It records the area my
father had explored in the Fog Sea those years.
With the help of this sea map and my prophetic abilities, I can roughly
guess that a particular area out at sea that is far away from the safe sea route
might be hiding his secret. I plan on heading there on the Dawn to do an
extended search.
“I’m not sure when I can return. Perhaps I will never be able to return.
Therefore, I have to hand over some items and matters to you in advance.”
After listening carefully, Cattleya said without hesitation, “I’ll go with
you.”
“It is my father. This is something I have to do, alone.” Queen Mystic
Bernadette slowly shook her head.
Cattleya fell silent for a few seconds before saying, “If you don’t return, I
would do the same.”