Chapter 518

: On the Brink of Death
Without another word or care for Danitz, Klein pressed his top hat and
carried his suitcase down the gangway.
Are you really going to let me go? Blazing Danitz stood on the deck, his
face filled with suspicion.
Although he had expected such an outcome, with Gehrman Sparrow
directly letting him go while in Damir Harbor, making him capable of
imagining today’s scene, he still couldn’t believe it. He felt that everything
that befell him came too simply and easily.
Regardless, I’m worth 3,000 pounds. No, this is the bounty offered only by
Loen! Isn’t this madman, Gehrman Sparrow, an adventurer? How can he let
go of a huge amount of wealth in front of him? It’s incomprehensible… Heh,
it’s true that normal people can’t understand the mindset of lunatics…
Danitz gradually snapped back to his senses. With his luggage in hand, he
carefully descended the gangway and stepped onto the concrete ground of
the dock.
He straightened his back, lifted his head, and gave Gehrman Sparrow’s back
a glance. He realized that he really wasn’t turning back and was following
the path straight for Coastal Street.
Danitz didn’t dare delay a second longer. He immediately turned around
and left through another path, occasionally changing directions and using
obstacles to look back, in order to ensure that he wasn’t followed.
Soon, he arrived at a row of houses near the warehouse at the dock.
Gehrman Sparrow really didn’t use me as bait… After triple-checking,
Danitz finally relaxed completely.
At this moment, he finally felt like he was liberated. A dignified boatswain
of a Pirate Admiral like him no longer had to be bullied and be ordered
around like a servant!
I can already foresee that tomorrow will be incomparably beautiful. There
will be a group of people vying to flatter me, wanting to become my
servants! Danitz knocked happily on the door—three long and three short—
rhythmically.
Hehe, Gehrman Sparrow asked me to give him the pirate point of contacts
in Bayam. I obviously only told him the ones that don’t have a good
relationship with us. There’s no way he could guess that our Golden Dream
point of contact is right at the dock… Danitz picked at his nose and
breathed in the fresh sea breeze before a looming rain.
Bayam was a pivotal location of the Loen Kingdom’s Sonia Sea colonies. It
was one of the largest cities in the region. There were many powerful
official Beyonders, and no matter how rampant the pirates were, they didn’t
dare to openly show their faces here. Most of the time, they had to rely on
the local gangs or people with backgrounds to handle the loot and purchase
any necessities.
Of course, this didn’t mean that they wouldn’t come to Bayam. The Red
Theater here was the most famous brothel in the surrounding seas, and
countless pirates came to patronize this famous place. Even if one or two of
their peers were caught every once in a while, it didn’t stop them from
rushing over.
In addition to the spice trade, the brothel industry was another major pillar
of the Rorsted Archipelago. Apart from the Red Theater, there were many
big or small brothels, out in the open or hidden all over the place. They
fully satisfied the desires of the seamen with ample energy. As for the
female pirates, they didn’t have to worry about this problem. As long as
they were willing, they could always be satisfied. After all, there was more
demand than supply. At sea, where faith in the Lord of Storms was
mainstream, there had always been few females.
Similarly, the underground trade related to Beyonder ingredients and
mysticism was quite frequent here, and there were many circles.
Those smaller ports are still better. We don’t have to be afraid of being
discovered at all, and we can just openly sit in a bar, engage in disputes
with adventurers, and even fight them. As long as we don’t cause any
trouble or cause any deaths, the local official Beyonders will turn a blind
eye. Heh, with their strength, they typically have to take on tremendous
risks if they wish to interfere… Danitz thought mockingly.
At that moment, he heard footsteps and saw the door creak open. A familiar
face entered his sight.
“Old man, did you not drink today?” Danitz smiled and greeted.
Standing at the door was one of the Golden Dream’s contacts in the Rorsted
Archipelago, Old Rinn.
Old Rinn coughed twice and made way.
Danitz stepped into the dim room, his nose twitching suddenly.
He caught a whiff of Lanti Proof.
No, Old Rinn likes to drink locally-produced Bayam Black Rand! As this
thought flashed through his mind, Danitz was terrified.
Immediately following that, he saw a man with his back to him rise to his
feet. He was tall, dark, and muscular, and his hair was curled like marbles.
“Steel” Maveti! Danitz’s pupils contracted sharply.
This was the second mate of the Admiral of Blood, a great pirate with a
bounty of 6,000 pounds!
…
Waves of the sea breeze blew, swaying the thin, sharp leaves of the tree in a
precarious manner.
Klein was walking along Coastal Street at an adequate speed. In contrast,
the people around him were hurrying and walking quickly.
His spiritual intuition told him that it would take some time before the
storm would arrive, and that he had plenty of time to find a hotel.
Woosh!
The sound of the wind grew louder and louder. Tree branches fell to the
ground, and there weren’t many people left on the street.
Klein was about to turn into another alley when he heard the sound of hasty
but disorderly running.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
Danitz was running with all his might, but the scene in front of him began
to rock.
He felt an abnormal pain from his wound as he felt his vitality rapidly
sapping away. His Spirit Body had partially left his body, approaching the
legendary Underworld. As for the surrounding sounds, he could only
vaguely hear them, and everything in his line of sight looked like it wasn’t
real.
If it wasn’t for having Shadow Cloak, the ambush would’ve killed him. But
even so, he was still severely injured and could die on the streets at any
moment.
He was forced to run towards Coastal Street because of his will to warn the
captain that their point of contact had been compromised by the Admiral of
Blood, as well as the glimmer of hope brought by that crazy but powerful
figure.
If it’s him, then he would definitely be able to escape from the hands of
“Steel” Maveti’s henchmen… Danitz began to stagger, and his body
gradually grew cold.
Just as he was about to collapse, he saw Gehrman Sparrow standing by a
street corner. His refined face that hid madness appeared so genial at that
moment.
Plop!
Danitz fell on his back, his hands hanging limply over his chest, revealing a
hideous, exaggerated wound that was inflicted to his organs.
“Tell Captain that Old Rinn has been discovered. Steel Maveti did it for that
treasure!” Danitz saw Gehrman Sparrow kneel to his side as he hurriedly
spoke.
Klein recalled the bounty offered for Steel Maveti and asked in return,
“Admiral of Blood?”
“Yes, tell Captain! T-tell Captain!” Danitz gasped as he said.
After saying all that, he revealed a mournful smile.
“Don’t worry about me. I’m a-about to die soon.
“Tell the Captain that all the money I’ve saved up has been turned into real
estate. Units 12 to 16 on Bayam’s Amyris Avenue. The title deeds a-are
hidden in the wall of Unit 13’s basement. H-help me sell them. T-take the
money to South Intis’s Elema Town. G-give the money to my parents. S-say
that I’ve really made a fortune…”
Danitz paused, then he said with great difficulty, “S-say that I’ve become an
out-outstanding adventurer.
“Also… Help me s-say I’m sorry…”
His eyes suddenly became moist, as if he was recalling that rebellious youth
from back then.
I’m sorry, Old Man, Mother. I’m unable to return home… Danitz’s vision
darkened, and he felt that his life was coming to an end.
It was at this moment that he saw Gehrman Sparrow reach out and press his
hand to his wound and then swipe it.
Danitz’s sorrow came to a sudden halt as he felt the already numb pain in
his chest and abdomen suddenly disappear as his left hand seemed to suffer
a fracture.
He looked at Klein blankly, and Klein looked back at him quietly. None of
them spoke for two seconds.
Finally, he looked down in astonishment and discovered that his lethal
wound had strangely healed. His left arm was badly mutilated, and even his
bones protruded out.
I-I’m fine now? Danitz blinked, still immersed in the sadness and frustration
of his brush with death.
“Why didn’t you treat me first?” he asked blankly.
Klein looked back at the empty area on the other side of Coastal Street and
said in a calm tone, “Waiting for you to finish.
“That’s basic courtesy.
Courtesy you son of a b*tch! I was really saying my last words! With a
sudden jerk of his back, Danitz rolled to his feet.
He warily looked towards the dock, where a thick cloud of smoke was
rising. It was none other than the result of the battle he had just been
engaged in.
Because the house was set on fire by me, Steel Maveti was afraid that it
would catch the attention of the official Beyonders. As he was confused by
that shadow, he didn’t chase after me… Danitz instantly understood the
sequence of events.
“Let’s find a place to stay first.” Klein spread his hands and caught a drop
of rain.
Not knowing whether or not he had completely escaped danger, Danitz
immediately nodded.
“Okay.”
I can tell that this madman, Gehrman Sparrow, isn’t afraid of Steel Maveti
at all. He’s not even afraid of Admiral of Blood… At such times, I especially
admire his craziness… Damn, I exposed my wealth to him. Danitz had just
exhaled when his body froze.
Klein walked silently ahead with his suitcase and cane with only one
thought echoing in his head.
Godd*mmit, a pirate is richer than I am…
…
Empress Borough.
Audrey, who was about to leave Backlund, hid in her chemistry laboratory
and concocted the Psychiatrist potion with the ingredients she received
from Mr. Vampire—the fruit of the Tree of Elders, the blood of a Mirror
Dragon—and the other ingredients she had collected previously.
This time, she didn’t get Susie to guard the door. Instead, she was to sit
inside and observe the whole process from the sidelines. Earl Hall had
already instructed everyone to not approach the young lady during her
experiments, but they had to pay attention to any unusual changes.
Phew… Audrey let out a small sigh of relief, pouring the completed potion
into a prepared glass bottle.
The slightly golden liquid rippled like a deformed, gigantic pupil. Its gaze
seemed to shine right into the eyes of anyone’s heart.
“Susie, did you remember the process? You are a mature, no—you are a
mature Beyonder. In the future, you’ll have to learn how to concoct your
own potion. No, it’s not that I’m not helping you; it’s just that I’m pointing
out a possibility. Sometimes, I might not be by your side, and you just
happen to need a potion bottle,” Audrey said happily to the huge golden
retriever.
Susie was so confused by what she was taught, and she could only open her
mouth to reply with a single word, “Woof!”
Converging her emotions, Audrey raised her head and downed the
Psychiatrist potion bottle.