Chapter 1174

Joint Operation
The Aurora Order’s Saint of Secrets, Botis… Mr. World wants to hunt him?
Fors’s first reaction was that she had heard wrongly. After all, Gehrman
Sparrow had no connection to the Saint of Secrets.
However, she quickly had a rough idea from the Worm of Star that had just
been mentioned.
This made her suddenly excited and thrilled. This was because she also
wanted to hunt the Saint of Secrets, Botis, to avenge her teacher’s family.
However, due to her lacking strength and the inability to pay for it, she had
kept this thought to herself.
Although it sounds like Mr. World doesn’t plan on personally taking action,
Ma’am Hermit is also a Sequence 4 demigod, and she has the support of
that Queen Mystic behind her… I can provide the utmost support within my
abilities! As her thoughts raced, Fors cast her gaze at The Hermit beside her,
waiting for her reply.
After some thought, Cattleya said, “Botis is very likely a saint of the
Apprentice pathway. It’s very difficult to hunt him. Besides, he has the Rose
Redemption backing him and the True Creator’s protection. With my
current level, it’s almost impossible for me to complete this mission solely
on my own.”
“You can seek the help of Queen Mystic. I will also arrange for other
partners for you.” Klein made The World Gehrman Sparrow reply in a low
and hoarse voice, “The reward is the right to choose the spoils of war first,
and mysticism knowledge that will allow you to digest the potion within
this year.”
It’s December… Cattleya’s heart palpitated when she heard that. She
deliberated and said, “When the time comes, I will try, but I cannot
guarantee success.”
No matter how difficult the mission of hunting the Saint of Secrets was, it
couldn’t be as dangerous as accepting the knowledge injection process from
the Hidden Sage. And as for the mysticism knowledge provided by the
latter, they didn’t necessarily aid in digestion. There was a high probability
that it included mathematics, machinery, and literature.
“No problem. As long as you do it seriously, I’ll still compensate you with
the mysticism knowledge even if you fail in the end.” The World nodded
and confirmed the deal.
At this moment, Fors finally couldn’t help but speak out:
“Mr. World, Ma’am Hermit, can I join this mission? I might be able to
provide some help.”
Even if you didn’t, I would’ve gotten you to… The Fool Klein secretly
laughed and made The World nod gently.
“There’s a spot reserved for you in this mission.”
Fors wasn’t surprised at all. She asked curiously, “What can I do? What do
you need me to do?”
Gehrman Sparrow replied in an extremely calm tone, “Bait.”
“…” Fors opened her mouth, momentarily at a loss for words. She had a
feeling that she knew that this would happen.
The World Gehrman Sparrow continued, “Similarly, you also have the right
to choose the spoils of war. You’ll be just after Ma’am Hermit.
“Also, during this period of time, I can help you record Beyonder powers
like ‘Traveling.'”
Fors had never expected a reward, as it was her greatest reward to be able to
exact revenge successfully. In the future, she might even receive additional
rewards from her teacher. Without any hesitation, she nodded and said,
“Okay.”
The World immediately cast his gaze towards Miss Justice.
“How’s the digestion of your Dreamwalker potion?”
Thanks to the expedition into Groselle’s Travels and the persistence she had
put into her acting, the speed at which she digested the potion was very fast.
Her eyes darted around as she thought for a moment.
“I’ve already concluded the acting principles. In another two to three
months, I should be able to completely digest it.”
It’s a little slow… Klein mumbled inwardly as he made The World say,
“Create more opportunities to act.
“If you can digest the potion before Ma’am Hermit attacks the Saint of
Secrets, I can give you Hvin Rambis’s Beyonder characteristic ahead of
time as payment so that you can join in on the operation.”
Klein believed that he would have to stay in the Forsaken Land of the Gods
for a very long time. Most of the matters in the outside world could only be
interfered with through the members of the Tarot Club. It was also
beneficial for him to increase their strength as soon as possible.
Furthermore, he wasn’t directly giving it to her. The difficulty of hunting
the Saint of Secrets Botis was just as Cattleya had said. It was rather
difficult.
“Alright!” Audrey was just fretting over how she could accumulate more
credit with Mr. World. Therefore, she naturally agreed without any
hesitation when she heard his offer.
In her heart, the members of the Aurora Order were lunatics and destructive
maniacs. There was no need to find a reason to deal with them!
In addition, Audrey had previously been troubled by her lack of experience
as a Beyonder. This gave her a chance. Although it was rather dangerous, it
was still an opportunity.
Gehrman Sparrow sure is generous… To provide the knowledge that can
help a Mysticologist digest the potion and a Sequence 4 demigod
characteristic… This shouldn’t only be for the Worm of Star. It sounds like
a supplementary material… He’s helping the members of the Tarot Club
improve as quickly as possible according to Mr. Fool’s will, so as to be
effective in the future? Alger listened to The World’s conversation with the
other members and vaguely grasped a certain truth.
This made him rather vexed. He suspected that if he hadn’t lacked faith and
had other thoughts, to the point of foolishly testing Mr. Fool, he might’ve
already been “assigned” a mission that could aid him in pushing open the
door of godhood.
At that moment, Justice, who had agreed to the request, glanced at The
Magician and said with a faint smile, “I’m looking forward to the Abraham
family not having any Worm of Star.”
“Me too.” Fors nodded seriously, indicating that she had the same thoughts.
Seeing that The World was done speaking, Cattleya thought for a moment
and said to Judgment, “Do you want to join this mission? Do some
intelligence gathering on the periphery. Your ability in this area left a deep
impression on me.”
Even without Ma’am Hermit’s invitation, Xio wouldn’t refuse in helping
her friend. She nodded gently and said, “I don’t have a problem if the
operation is in Backlund. If it’s somewhere else, my role would be greatly
discounted.”
A Sheriff and their own area of jurisdiction were always connected. The
more familiar they were with the place, the better they could showcase their
abilities. Once they exceeded that range, they could only rely on their
Beyonder powers.
“Your reward is being third to choose the spoils of war.” Cattleya looked at
The Star once again. “If there’s a need, I hope you can allow the official
factions to appear at the right moment.”
Leonard chuckled.
“I hope you don’t have to go that far.
“My reward shall also be a spoil of war.”
…If my dear poet friend here wasn’t invited in the end, then the mission of
hunting the Saint of Secrets would’ve nearly become a sorority for the
female members of the Tarot Club… The Fool Klein muttered inwardly as
he made The World Gehrman Sparrow finalize the matter. All that was left
was to wait for the Abraham family’s feedback.
Following that, Alger and Derrick reached a rental arrangement for the
Unshadowed Crucifix.
Just as they entered the free exchange segment, Emlyn couldn’t help but
look towards the end of the long bronze table.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, can you give me a hint? How should I escape
protective custody?”
The Fool, who was shrouded in the gray fog, nodded slightly and said
simply, “This week.”
His answer was said with great confidence, but it wasn’t a prophecy, but a
judgment of the situation.
The current situation had Feysac and Intis attacking Loen, while
Feynapotter was attacking Loen”s allies—Lenburg, Masin, Masin, etc. The
three Churches definitely didn’t wish to suffer any damage the Sanguine
could bring while already having existing enemies. Therefore, Emlyn would
be released very soon, but it was hard to say for Father Utravsky.
Similarly, the Sanguine’s focus would definitely be shifted to the global
situation. It was unlikely for them to have the motivation to continue
probing Emlyn and his other “partners.”
In addition, in the past two days, the one whose reason for praying was the
most forced—apart from Xio—was Emlyn White. Klein suspected that he
had been locked in the basement of Saint Samuel Cathedral all this time
because it was convenient for the Goddess to exert “Her” influence on him.
Now that the matter had ended, he was no longer of any use.
Combined with the three factors, it wasn’t difficult to conclude that Emlyn
would be free in no time.
The only exception was that if this fellow had really been forgotten. Be it
the Church of Evernight or the Sanguine, they had forgotten that there was
such a fellow locked behind Chanis Gate. If that was the case, Klein would
get The Star Leonard to provide him with some assistance.
Emlyn heaved a sigh of relief and sincerely thanked Mr. Fool.
At the end of the free exchange, The World Gehrman Sparrow suddenly
looked at The Hanged Man.
“You said that you’ve already arrived on Sonia Island and are inside the
primitive forest?”
“Yes,” Alger replied in puzzlement.
Gehrman Sparrow pondered for a moment.
“You can try to seek out an elven ruin. Perhaps you might chance upon
some sort of opportunity.”
Alger suddenly thought of the Book of Calamity and the scenes he had seen
in his dream. He nodded thoughtfully and said, “Alright.”
After another round of exchanges, the Tarot Gathering came to an end.
Audrey and company stood up and bowed before leaving the world above
the gray fog.
…
After returning to his body, Leonard immediately lowered his voice and
described Klein’s predicament. Finally, he said, “Old man, do you have any
good suggestions?”
“My suggestion? I think it’s better to ask The Fool for help,” Pallez Zoroast
replied without any hesitation.
“…” Leonard coughed lightly and said, “Aren’t you going to use this
opportunity to make things difficult for Amon?”