Chapter 1089

A Difficult Decision
After sitting for a while, Klein raised his hand to rub his temples. He then
stood up, took four steps counterclockwise, and went above the gray fog.
He then conjured Gehrman Sparrow. By praying to Mr. Fool, he sent
messages to Danitz and The Hermit Cattleya.
The message for the former was to remind him to be careful of the Secret
Order. Although he didn’t believe that Zaratul would directly seek out
Danitz, a person who had crossed paths with Gehrman Sparrow on the
surface, there was nothing wrong with reminding him regardless. As a
Bizarro Sorcerer, Klein had a certain level of understanding of the
Beyonders of the Seer pathway. He believed that those who could truly
advance to such a state were sufficiently cautious and careful. This didn’t
exclude certain oddities and exceptions, but it definitely didn’t exclude
Zaratul who was at Sequence 1.
And in this situation, in the eyes of an angel who was in control of enough
secrets, Danitz was more like bait that was deliberately thrown out to fish
for certain targets. Therefore, it was highly likely that Zaratul would very
carefully and cautiously avoid him. At most, he would send members of the
Secret Order to do some direct or indirect investigations.
By the same logic, the message that Klein gave The Hermit Cattleya had the
same content. However, this wasn’t the main point. The main point was for
her to immediately contact Queen Mystic Bernadette, saying that Gehrman
Sparrow wanted to meet her as soon as possible. In addition, he also
informed the Admiral of Stars—something he wanted to delay till the next
Tarot Gathering—that she was to decide if she wanted to purchase the
Sequence 5 Druid and Sequence 4 Classical Metallurgist of the Planter
pathway.
West of the Berserk Sea, Theros Island.
Danitz, who was gathering clues about Vice Admiral Ailment, held a cup
filled with golden beer when his expression suddenly became extremely
complicated.
“What’s wrong? You saw someone and recalled an indescribable
encounter?” Anderson shook the Lanti Proof distilled liquor in his hand as
he teased the abnormal Danitz.
Danitz gulped down a mouthful of beer and wiped his mouth with the back
of his hand before saying with a somewhat depressed expression, “We have
to be careful of Secret Order members from now on…”
Ever since he met Gehrman Sparrow, such words were a common
occurrence for him. His initial reaction had gone from the point of panic to
numbness and depression.
He suspected that one day, he would be listed as being wanted by all
organizations of different sizes, except Mr. Fool’s organization.
Anderson sized up Danitz when he heard that as he chuckled.
“Sometimes, I feel that Gehrman Sparrow is more like a hunter than me.
“Heh, so the two of you have a special method of communication. You
don’t even need to summon a messenger.”
Danitz was just about to say a few perfunctory words when a person from
Intis rushed into the tavern. He held a telegram and shouted, “Feysac
launched an air raid on Backlund, Loen has officially declared war!”
Declared war? Anderson and Danitz looked at each other. By relying on
their pathway’s characteristics, they acutely caught the scent of a large-scale
war.
Feysac attacked Backlund and Pritz Harbor, and in return, Loen has
officially declared war… The three ironclad warship fleets weren’t at the
harbor, so there wasn’t many losses. They’re heading back to the Loen
coast…Cattleya’s crew happened to pass through Oravi Island, and they had
gathered all sorts of information from the telegrams.
Just as she was thinking about how the pirate crew would react in this
situation, she suddenly saw an endless gray fog and heard The World
Gehrman Sparrow.
“Be careful of the Secret Order members. Be careful of Zaratul…” As
someone from Intis to a certain extent, what caught Cattleya’s attention was
something that with the least importance.
And it was precisely because of this that she had no doubts about The
World Gehrman Sparrow’s request to meet the Queen as soon as possible.
She believed that this was related to the Secret Order and Zaratul.
Finally, she said the two potion names softly, “Druid… Classical
Metallurgist…
“This Sequence 4’s modern name should be the Ancient Metallurgist. It was
previously called Human Metallurgist…”
Cattleya subconsciously walked to the window and cast her gaze down. On
these seas which had a time difference between it and Backlund, Frank Lee
and Artisan Cielf were leaning on the side of the ship’ sunbathing. The
former ^ a relaxed expression and looked very pleased, but there was a
pensive look in his eyes. It was as though there were still some problems
that couldn’t be resolved. The latter’s face was pale, and his lips were
quivering. Scattered over his clothes were mushrooms.
Druid… Ancient Metallurgist… Admiral of Stars Cattleya repeated the two
terms again, feeling as though something was pressing down on her.
After about ten seconds, Cattleya adjusted the heavy glasses on her nose
bridge and consoled herself.
Mr. Fool didn’t give any warnings. It means it’s not a big deal…
With this thought in mind, specks of bright light floated down, forming a
staircase of light between the captain’s cabin window and the deck.
Cattleya went down the stairs and walked to Frank Lee and Cielf s side.
After a few seconds of silence, Cattleya asked, “Frank, what are your
dreams?”
Only then did Frank Lee realize that his captain had arrived. With a push of
his palm, he flipped to his feet.
“Dreams?”
This Biologist thought about it seriously and said, “I wish to be able to
study the soil, the creation of objects, and crossbreeding techniques without
restrictions, so as to ensure that humans will no longer be hungry anymore.
Equality between people will be achieved. What you can do, I can do. What
you can grow, I can also grow…”
Upon hearing this, Artisan Cielf slowly got up and silently crouched to the
side, opening his mouth and vomiting.
Frank Lee continued without being affected, “In order to have such a world,
one has to have sufficient food and resources, so I hope to create all kinds
of creatures that can deal with different environments and conditions. Heh
heh, everyone has their own tendencies. I prefer fish, beef, and spores…”
Cattleya finished listening to Frank’s description with a deadpan
expression. However, during this process, she repeatedly nudged the thick
glasses on her nose thrice.
After a moment of silence, Cattleya asked, “There’s only one step left to
your research now?”
“That’s right. I’m just short of a Dmid’s ability for catalyzing it. If I can_t
get the formula, I_m 伽  help me make the Druid Beyonder characteristic I
have into a mystical item,” Frank answered frankly.
“No, I won’t help you! You devil!” the silently vomiting Artisan Cielf raised
his head and shouted anxiously.
Cattleya watched this scene quietly. With a flip of her hand, she produced a
gold coin.
Ding!
The gold coin flipped up before landing in Cattleya’s palm, heads facing up.
“I have the Druid potion formula. It’s from Gehrman Sparrow, 5,000
pounds,” Cattleya explained in detail, as though she was deliberately telling
Artisan Cielf, informing him who the true “murderer” was.
A look of pure joy immediately appeared in Frank Lee’s eyes.
“He really is a swell guy!
“Uh, Captain, I’ve only saved up to 3,000 pounds. Can you lend me 2,000
pounds?”
Most of his previous savings had been used to buy the Druid Beyonder
characteristic, and he had even sold some of his items.
Cattleya fell silent once again. A few seconds later, she nodded while Frank
Lee’s expectant eyes were on her. “Okay.”
North Borough, Backlund Medical University’s affiliated hospital.
Eudora lay on the bed with a blank expression, lacking the vibrancy a
young girl should have.
She had woken up from her coma some time ago, but she hadn’t opened her
eyes. Thus, she heard the doctor tell her parents that the injury she received
to her right leg from the air raid likely couldn’t be saved. They had to be
prepared for an amputation procedure.
After that, she lay down in a daze, feeling as though there were many
people coming and going one after another. Among them, the person who
had originally only visited the student next door, the Loen Charity Bursary
Foundation director, Audrey, indicated that she was willing to pay for the
subsequent treatments after hearing about her. The school’s chancellor, Mr.
Portland Moment, had promised to create the most advanced and most
convenient robotic limb for her to walk like a normal person.
However, none of this dispelled the gloominess, heaviness, sorrow, and
despair in Eudora’s heart.
She wasn’t even 18, and she had yet to enjoy the beauty of life, but now,
she was about to lose a leg and lose her dreams.
Her family wasn’t considered wealthy. Her father was the owner of a
grocery store that believed in the Lord of Storms. He was violent, barbaric,
and unwilling to reason with women. Her mother was timid and weak, and
she relied on her father to survive. If not for the fact that her family didn’t
have a second child at home, Eudora wouldn’t have been able to study at
all. But even so, her father had chosen a place like the Backlund Technical
School where results could be quickly seen.
Previously, she had commented on how lucky she was that the Backlund
Technical School had been turned into the Backlund University of
Technology; furthermore, she had passed the examinations and become a
real university student. This made her smile every day as she passed the joy
to the people around her while having the time to indulge in her hobby for
poetry.
Eudora’s dream was to remain in the university and be a university teacher,
finding a husband who loved her as she loved him. At the same time, she
could constantly keep true to her pursuit of poetry, hoping that they would
one day be published in magazines and newspapers.
Now, all of this had been destroyed by a bomb that fell from the sky. It had
been mercilessly and cruelly destroyed.
After an unknown period of time, Eudora silently pulled up the blanket and
covered her face. She let out a soft whimper that sounded like a baby beast.
The crying didn’t stop for a while. After a while, Eudora suddenly lifted the
blanket and saw a black figure standing by her bed.
Half of the black figure’s face was covered by mushrooms, while the other
half was covered in weeds. In the black figure’s hand was a wooden cane.
Eudora couldn’t even scream. She felt like her heart was about to burst out
of her chest.
The black figure touched her with the tip of the cane.
Eudora felt her heart return to normal while her right leg felt cold, as though
she could feel her leg again.
When she looked at the bedside again, the black figure wasn’t there
anymore.
In her daze, Eudora moved her right leg and realized that it wasn’t painful
at all. It was if she had never been hurt before.
She pulled up the blanket again and covered her face.
A few seconds later, there was a sound of disbelief under the blanket. It was
filled with fear, but it was also mixed with crying that were tears of joy.