Chapter 460

: Cyclic Explorations
Above the gray fog, the ancient temple-like building stood quietly.
After noticing some abnormalities in the series of coincidences, Klein
entered the mysterious space after lunch, in an attempt to confirm a guess in
his mind.
He picked up a fountain pen he conjured, paused for two seconds, and then
wrote: “I am involved in a series of coincidences created by Sealed Artifact
0-08.”
Putting down the dark red pen, Klein held the silver chain in his left hand
and began his divination.
Finally, he opened his eyes and looked at the spirit pendulum just inches
away from him.
The topaz pendant stood still without any rotations.
This meant that the divination had failed!
Divination cannot be completed — possibly due to not fulfilling sufficient
conditions, or it could be because 0-08 is resisting it… In both cases, a
similar result would occur… Klein changed his statement and tried to direct
it at different targets, but all of them failed.
He tapped the edge of the long mottled table with his finger, hesitating on
whether he should go to Red Rose Manor the day after tomorrow.
If there’s no 0-08 or a similar power to arrange these matters, then my
sudden escape will definitely raise Prince Edessak’s suspicion. No, my
escape might not be successful. Prince Edessak’s men live next door… Of
course, since I’m already a Faceless, it’s easy for me to find a chance to
escape when I’m out, but is there a need to go this far?
Tomorrow afternoon, I’ll be able to “leave” Backlund without attracting too
much attention by honestly seeking an audience with Prince Edessak and
normally handing over the mission. His Highness will likely not force me,
an unaffiliated Beyonder, to accomplish too difficult a task…
If there really is a Sealed Artifact or demigod like 0-08 influencing the
recent events, then from my past experience, I should just be a side
character who mistakenly entered the stage and haven’t received enough
attention. In this case, escaping is tantamount to telling the other party that I
have detected your presence! I’m highly problematic!
In this way, relying on my Faceless powers wouldn’t necessarily allow me
to escape the “attention” that has locked onto me…
The best method would be to calmly go to the Red Rose Manor and go
through the normal procedures to exit the stage. After graciously bowing
from the curtain call, I’ll fade away from the “attention” of the unknown
party…
After combining the two elements, Klein finally decided to pretend that he
hadn’t discovered anything and to “leave” Backlund according to plan.
…
The bonfire in the campsite was burning with flames, and there was
someone standing guard inside the campsite the entire time.
Derrick Berg leaned against a stone pillar and slept to recover his strength.
At this moment, he was dreaming of the endless grayish-white fog, an
ancient chair situated at the highest point in the center, as well as the
indifferent figure sitting on that chair, overlooking everything.
Mr. Fool… Derrick said the name in a chanting manner in his mind.
Following that, he heard The Fool’s voice: “Prepare for the gathering.”
Yes, Mr. Fool. Derrick answered silently and began counting his heartbeats.
His eyes never opened, as if everything that had just happened was just a
prelude to a dream.
There’s still quite a bit of time before we set off. There’s enough time to
attend the Tarot Gathering… he thought with relief.
He originally imagined that he, who had joined the exploratory team, would
miss this gathering.
After a thousand heartbeats, Derrick waited a little longer before he felt
himself entering that quiet and serene divine hall.
The moment he opened his eyes, scenes flashed through his mind. It was as
if an external force had instantly injected all his lost memories into his head
once again.
The scenes were: crumbling city walls; buildings crisscrossed with white
and blue; the temple of the Fallen Creator with a similar architectural style
as the City of Silver; murals detailing the approaching apocalypse and the
Fallen Creator’s protection of the remaining humans from the six great evil
gods; the beautiful and dangerous “mushrooms;” and Jack, the eerie pale
yellow-haired boy of unknown origins.
These kinds of scenes had repeated over and over again for a total of five
times, but each time there was a slight difference in the details.
The first time, outside the Fallen Creator’s Temple, all of the animal hide
lanterns had been extinguished, nearly causing a tragedy. The second time,
someone lost control of themselves and almost swallowed a “mushroom,”
fortunately, Chief Colin stopped them in time. The third time, the little boy,
Jack, told a story, which was that he and his father had been searching for
the Creator’s holy residence in the endless ocean, and they ended up
encountering a huge storm. The fourth time, Joshua was severely injured by
Jack who had mutated without any warning. The fifth time, the temple
completely collapsed, blocking the exit of the underground area.
And all of these occurrences ended with Demon Hunter Colin killing the
little boy, Jack, and then started off with their rest in the camp, preparing to
enter the ruined city. The beginning and end were connected as it repeated
in a cycle.
We’ve explored the temple five times… We have been living through this
experience all this time, and there is no way to truly end it! The more
Derrick understood his sudden new memories, the more frightened and
terrified he became.
Audrey, who was sitting on the other side of the long bronze table,
originally wanted to greet Mr. Fool and the others with a cheerful and light
voice as usual. However, when she glanced over, she immediately noticed
that Little Sun’s mood wasn’t right. She immediately asked, “Mr. Sun, did
something happen? Has the exploration of the True, uh—Fallen Creator’s
temple not gone smoothly?”
Derrick seemed to have grabbed onto hope as he hurriedly described the
rough situation once. When he was done, he said, “After that little boy was
dealt with by His Excellency, we all closed our eyes and woke up in the
campsite outside the city in preparation to begin a brand new exploration.
We no longer had any memories from before.
“This process has been repeated five times, with only the details being
slightly different.
“If it wasn’t for Mr. Fool’s alerting me to this, then I wouldn’t have even
known that I’ve been living a recurring life all this time.”
He took it for granted that the extra memories from his arrival above the
gray fog were the result of Mr. Fool’s reminder. He stood up and gave a
solemn salute to the blurry figure seated at the head of the long bronze
table.
I only understood the situation after listening to your description… Klein
was still in a daze.
He maintained his original posture and lightly nodded his head in response.
In a situation where the reasons are unknown, a superior wouldn’t so easily
express his opinion, so I can’t rashly open my mouth… Klein secretly
reviewed what he had learned from his past life as a keyboard warrior.
Seeing that Mr. Fool seemed to be an imperturbable ancient wall, Derrick
felt a lot more at ease and felt that the matter could finally be resolved.
He turned to look at The Hanged Man, The World, Justice, and The
Magician, and he sincerely asked, “Do you know the root of the problem?
How can this be resolved?”
The zealous Audrey instinctively wanted to answer, but she found herself
without a clue or even a guess.
Fors was in a similar state as she was.
Filled with rich knowledge from Earth and having read many novels of
being stuck in the same day, Klein originally wanted to control The World
to give out ideas to give everyone some inspiration to consider regarding
the matter, but after thinking about it carefully, he chose to stay low-key and
prepared to observe first.
After listening to The Sun’s description, Alger remained silent for a long
time. At this moment, he said in a measured tone, “I can only think of two
possibilities. First, you have encountered a Nightmare or hallucinatory
power at a level that exceeds a demigod. After regaining your memories
with Mr. Fool’s help, you should be able to immediately detect something
amiss once you return to the real world. That way, the problem will easily
be resolved.
“Second, you were forced to or you proactively entered a strange space or
state at a particular node where time is controlled to flow in a certain
manner, but the time is fixed within a certain range which is cyclical and the
continuation is balanced, that is to say, it is relatively static.
“In this situation, there aren’t many ways to end the cycle. Either there is an
external force that can forcefully break the balance, or you find the key
point that connects the distortion of time.”
An external force that can forcefully break the balance? Upon hearing this,
Audrey, Fors, and Derrick all subconsciously glanced at the calm and
leisurely Mr. Fool sitting at the end of the long bronze table.
No, I can’t always seek Mr. Fool’s help… By not saying anything directly,
“He” probably wishes to test my ability at dealing with such matters…
After a moment of thought, he said, “Mr. Hanged Man, let’s assume the
second situation. In your opinion, what do you think is the key point that
connects the distortion of time?”
Without waiting for The Hanged Man to respond, Audrey guessed with
interest, “That little boy Jack?
“You can’t kill him when you’re facing him?”
Alger nodded.
“That’s a possibility.”
He hesitated for a moment before saying, “The Sun’s description of Jack
and his father reminds me of a particular incident.”
He turned to look at Miss Justice.
“Didn’t I once mention that I was pursuing a Listener of the Aurora Order at
sea? The goal for his voyage was to seek the True Creator’s holy
residence.”
Audrey carefully recalled and said without any strong confirmation, “That
seems to be the case.”
Alger immediately said with a deep voice, “That Listener also brought his
son, and the son’s age is very close to The Sun’s description of Jack.”
“Are you saying that Jack went from your world to the vicinity of the City
of Silver?” Derrick asked, stunned.
After a short period of settling down, he inwardly felt an indescribable
sense of happiness.
This means that the City of Silver hasn’t been completely sealed off yet.
There’s still a chance to connect with the normal world where The Hanged
Man and Justice are from!
“I can only say that it is possible.” The Hanged Man couldn’t give an
affirmative answer.
He thought for a moment and suggested, “You can find a chance to bring up
the Sonia Sea, the Loen Kingdom, and the port city in front of Jack. Perhaps
there will be a different reaction, but of course, try to avoid doing so in
front of the Chief of your City of Silver as much as possible.
“Also, the key point doesn’t necessarily lie with Jack. We have to consider
other possibilities as well. You should tell us the specifics, such as the
details of the mural, and maybe we can find something useful.”
At this point, Alger began to look forward to receiving information.