Chapter 390

: Anticipation!
On Sunday morning, shortly after Klein finished his breakfast, he heard the
doorbell ring as he had expected.
But to his surprise, it wasn’t just Reporter Mike Joseph. Dr. Aaron was with
him as well.
“Sherlock, I had that nightmare again last night. I don’t think it’s normal.”
Aaron didn’t keep matters a secret even with Mike around, revealing it the
moment he entered the living room.
Without waiting for Klein’s reply, he took out his wallet and took out a
paper crane.
“Do you think this is the problem?
“Ever since I found it and started to carry it with me, I’ve been having
nightmares.”
Klein nonchalantly glanced at it when his expression froze suddenly. If he
hadn’t been a Clown in the past and had great control over his facial
muscles, then he might’ve revealed an undisguised smile in front of the
reporter and doctor. Yes, a smile.
This… this paper crane is even uglier than the one I made… This was the
first thought that came to Klein’s mind.
At that moment, he had the urge to cover his face and sigh.
Could having poor handicraft skills be a tradition of the Nighthawks?
There was no doubt that the paper crane in front of him was the result of
another switch. After receiving accurate information from Klein, the
Nighthawks had seemingly sneaked into Dr. Aaron’s bedroom without any
delay and switched their folded paper crane for the one in his wallet.
But what they didn’t expect was that the one in the wallet was also a fake. It
was folded by Klein above the gray fog and appeared rather crude.
I feel an inexplicable sense of joy… Klein glanced at Dr. Aaron, who didn’t
notice it, cleared his throat, and said, “Perhaps. I suggest that you go to the
cathedral again and talk to the bishop you previously talked to. We need to
believe that the gods that we believe in are always watching over us.”
As he spoke, he drew a triangular Sacred Emblem on his chest.
After the Nightmare had left last night, Klein had specifically gone above
the gray fog to divine if it was dangerous having switched the paper crane.
The result was that it was very safe. Thus, he was now able to make this
suggestion with great interest, in an attempt to tease his former colleagues.
I wonder how they would feel seeing the paper crane that they didn’t fold
very well return to them… Klein placated Dr. Aaron in all seriousness and
turned to the reporter and said with a smile, “Mike, to tell the truth, what I
really want to advise Aaron to do is to go see a psychiatrist, but faith can
certainly soothe his soul.”
“You’re not being frank at all.” Mike laughed. “All right, let’s go.”
The next day, Klein accompanied the Daily Observer reporter into East
Borough to interview the rescued girls.
With a full pound as payment for the interview, no one refused it, not even
some of the abused girls.
In this interview, Capim’s sin was the main focus. The current situation of
the girls was another main focus. The former made people angry, while the
latter left people feeling heavy.
Daisy was actually lucky enough to be able to return to work when she got
home and use her labor to barter for food. Less than a third of those who
were rescued were like her, and most of them were the kinds with some
savings at home, and they were in a position that allowed the traumatized
women to heal and have time before they sought out suitable jobs.
As for the other two-thirds of those rescued, they had to continue working
hard in order to survive. And in the face of the mass unemployment of
textile workers, they were often only able to find temporary jobs with low
wages. Those with parents and siblings who hadn’t lost their jobs were still
okay; at least, they were able to help each other, barely filling their
stomachs. The families in less optimistic situations had already begun to
walk the path of street girls, as though they had never been rescued. Their
act of betraying their bodies once was perhaps only for some food.
This caused Mike to turn silent like before, and it was only when it was
dark and once he left East Borough before his spirit returned. He thanked
Klein.
“Sherlock, it’s all thanks to you. Otherwise, I definitely would’ve been
blackmailed today by those rogue gangsters.”
“Isn’t that why you hired me?” Klein smiled politely without any
complacency.
With Old Kohler informing them beforehand, Old Kohler and Liv’s family
hadn’t revealed that he had helped search for Daisy for free. Especially
when Daisy, who was pretty smart, was asked if she knew any relatively
special people, she answered directly, “Mr. Reporter and Mr. Detective.”
Mike nodded sluggishly and walked on in silence for a long time.
Before he boarded the carriage, he suddenly let out a sigh.
“I would like to make a call in this report for the government to use
Capim’s estate to set up a bursary fund, which will use the annual income to
help the rescued girls and others who have been harmed by Capim to get
them out of their predicament.
“Although Capim’s safe had already been robbed clean by the Hero Bandit,
his greatest wealth is the property he bought. Th-these should have all been
obtained illegally.”
Klein listened carefully, gave Mike a deep look, and said in sincere praise,
“You’re the best reporter I’ve ever met.”
“There are plenty of reporters like me. There are always idealists in the
world.” Mike sighed.
With that, he paid 10 pounds to Klein and took off his hat and waved it.
As he watched the reporter get into the rental carriage, Klein was about to
take a public carriage in the other direction when Mike suddenly opened the
window and asked with a jibing smile, “Sherlock, I’m not the only reporter
you know, am I?”
Klein was stunned for a moment, then he laughed.
“Guess.”
…
City of Silver.
Like a trapped beast, Derrick Berg paced around the room in anxiety.
He felt that the Chief wasn’t paying enough attention to his report. He was
worried that the exploration team members, who had been affected by the
Fallen Creator to an unknown extent, would cause devastating damage to
this city that had lasted for 2,582 years in the darkness after their
quarantine.
In such a situation, he was eager to obtain advice from Mr. Hanged Man,
Miss Justice, and company, who were rather familiar with the Fallen
Creator.
This was the Tarot Gathering he anticipated the most.
Wait a little while longer, just wait a little longer. If Mr. Fool doesn’t
summon me, I will pray directly to him… Derrick tried to calm himself
down, but his pacing didn’t slow down one bit.
Suddenly, he saw the endless gray fog and heard the messianic voice say,
“Prepare for the gathering.”
With a sigh of relief, Derrick sat down on the edge of the bed carefully and
lay down, pretending to be ready to sleep due to exhaustion.
After silently counting a thousand rapid heartbeats, he waited for a while
before he was engulfed by the illusory dark red light.
At that moment, Derrick’s room was abnormally quiet. Lightning streaked
across the sky outside his window, keeping the darkness away from the
land.
Suddenly, by the corner of his bed, a black figure squirmed and extended,
taking the shape of a human!
The dark figure quickly grew tall and quietly looked down at Derrick.
He carefully observed him for nearly a minute, then withdrew without
gleaning anything.
In the corner, the shadows remained the same, unchanging.
…
The endless gray fog lingered beneath his feet as usual. The long bronze
table in front of him was mottled with green rust, but it didn’t seem to be
rotten at all. The first things that Derrick saw were Miss Justice and Miss
Magician sitting opposite him. The familiar, jovial greeting sounded in his
ear.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~”
“Good afternoon…”
Klein, shrouded in gray fog, nodded slightly. He seemed to respond
leisurely to Miss Justice and the other members’ greetings, but in reality, he
was busy manipulating The World, making him appear like a real person.
After yesterday’s interviews with Reporter Mike, it was already dinner
time. Klein went to a restaurant that served Feynapotter cuisine, and he was
so overwhelmed by the spiciness that he voluntarily ordered a cup of desert
beer.
After eating his fill and returning home, he didn’t go out again for the rest
of the day. Neither did he study the Book of Secrets or prepare his own
food. That eased the heavy emotions he felt whenever he went to East
Borough.
Without realizing it, the afternoon had arrived, and his thoughts shifted to
the Tarot Gathering.
After the greetings, Justice, Audrey, restrained her curiosity and excitement,
and she was in no hurry to inquire about the truth behind the Capim
incident.
Mr. Fool might not answer, but how would I know if “He” wishes to answer
if I don’t ask? Well, I hope “He” makes a request of equal value, and I’ll do
my best to fulfill it…Audrey looked around at the other members and
observed the states of the other members.
As a Telepathist, she very quickly discovered something strange.
Eh, The Sun appears very anxious. Did something happen to the previous
exploration team captain? Did he encounter Amon?
In addition, Fors is in an indecisive state of wanting to ask but not daring
to… She must’ve seen the papers and guessed from the tarot cards that our
Tarot Club was involved in Capim’s death. But she’s curious who the
Emperor card represents… She seems to be even more in awe of Mr. Fool.
What happened?
Mr. Hanged Man seems to be in a very good mood. He’s finished digesting
his potion… He seems to be anticipating something…
Mr. World is still as gloomy and reserved as before, and it’s hard to read his
thoughts. He really is the nemesis of the Spectator pathway…
Derrick, didn’t try to hide his anxiety, but he didn’t consult the other Tarot
Club members directly.
He knew perfectly well that the initial time belonged to Mr. Fool, unless
there were no so-called Roselle diary entries.
There’s no need to rush. The gathering has already begun… If Mr. Fool is in
a good mood, he might be able to answer some questions… Derrick
consoled himself.
Alger looked up and humbly said, “Honorable Mr. Fool, I’ve found three
new pages of Roselle’s diary.”
Diary? Roselle’s diary? Fors pricked up her ears.
Klein smiled and replied, “What do you want to exchange them for?”
Glancing at the card next to Mr. Fool’s hand, Alger suppressed his
eagerness and said, “I want to know what that card you have next to you
is.”