Chapter 1330

: Moving in
Alfred felt the room temperature plummet when he heard his squire.
An indescribable chill invaded his body, freezing his blood and bone
marrow.
When the liner stopped at Utopia Port, he had expected the worst situation
to happen—Utopia was the headquarters of some cult, and that everyone
there was a dangerous lunatic.
But now, the truth was even worse.
Perhaps Utopia never existed!
At that moment, Alfred was unusually thankful that he was no longer the
noble scion he was when he left Backlund. He had accumulated a great deal
of experience and had thus, not really entered Utopia Harbor.
Under the gaze of the adjutant and squire, the major general paced back and
forth with a solemn expression. He calmly instructed, “Draft up a telegram
and report to MI9 about what happened in Utopia.
“At the same time, request the local official Beyonders to immediately take
action and contact the captain to list down all the people who entered
Utopia Harbor. If necessary, pay each of them a visit and confirm if there
are any problems.”
“Yes sir!” his adjutant immediately stood at attention and saluted.
After the adjutant walked out of the study, Alfred said to a squire, “Bring up
the typewriter from downstairs. I want to write a detailed report.”
His plan was to first use a telegram to report the key information to the
brass and not delay the initial actions necessary. Then, he would reveal
more details with a confidential document and provide more information
for the military brass to make a decision.
…
Wendel walked into a second-class carriage with one hand on his top hat
and the other carrying a suitcase.
He wasn’t even thirty years old. His sideburns were deep-black and his
brown eyes were calm. He didn’t have any unique features that anyone
could remember, but he exuded comfortable vibes.
A few months ago, he was still a Feynapotter intelligence officer who was
active in Desi Bay, and had contributed greatly. Now that he was a
Sequence 7 Beyonder, he was part of MI9’s internal affairs department.
Today, his goal was to send a confidential document to Backlund and
personally hand it into the hands of MI9’s director.
After sitting down, Wendel bought a newspaper from the paperboy and
leisurely read through it.
This was just a superficial act; in reality, he began to use his Beyonder
powers to illustrate portraits of the passengers around him, remembering all
their characteristics, making meticulous and perfect preparations for any
accidents that might happen later.
Choo!
The steam locomotive was chugging forward as the scenery outside sped
past the windows.
A few hours later, Wendel cast his gaze out of the window with some
anxiety. The sky was already filled with dark clouds, and a storm was about
to descend.
This meant that the steam locomotive would stop at a station ahead of time
to tide through the storm. It might only continue its journey the next
morning, and not reach its designated location.
In Wendel’s opinion, this would undoubtedly lead to more risks due to a
deviation in his expectations.
However, it was beyond him. He couldn’t change the weather like the Sea
God, who was promoted by the Rorsted Archipelago’s new government.
The only thing he could do was pray to the Lord of Storms.
Reality proved that praying was useless most of the time. By the time the
sky turned dark, the station in front of them had already sent a light signal
to get the train to slow down and stop.
Choo!
The steam engine whistled again, and the train slowed down. Finally, it
stopped at an unfamiliar platform.
In the next second, near the steam-powered train’s head, the mechanical
door opened. The train conductor stood at the entrance and shouted to the
staff on the platform, “What happened up ahead?”
“Heavy rain. Visibility is zero!” the white-sideburned employee answered
loudly.
Just as he finished speaking, a muffled thunder sounded, causing everyone
to tremble as they sensed the incoming storm.
“Damn it!” the train conductor cursed. “Which station is this?”
As it wasn’t a normal stop, he didn’t really know which station he was at.
After all, the schedule he was in charge of didn’t stop at every station in the
past.
“Utopia! It’s a small station! You can arrange the rest yourself!” the staff
shouted and ran towards the other end of the platform with the glass lantern
in hand. “I have to give the train behind a signal!”
The train conductor had no doubts about the staff’s attitude because this
was a normal dispatch process. Otherwise, an accident between two steam
locomotives would happen.
He could even be certain that the other staff members of the Utopia Station
had already sent a telegram to the other stations to warn them.
Of course, they must’ve received a telegram to learn of the area ahead being
enveloped by a heavy storm.
“Utopia…” Wendel repeated the name in a low voice, not finding any
useful information in his mind.
Of course, he didn’t think too much of it. This was because there were
many unknown steam locomotive stations in the entire Loen Kingdom. This
was a manifestation of the country’s overall strength.
The train conductor looked at the dark sky and muttered a few words before
using the newest megaphone to speak to the passengers on board.
“A storm is coming. The train will stop at Utopia station until eight in the
morning tomorrow.”
He estimated the storm to continue the entire night.
“You can stay in the carriage, or you can exit on your own accord to head
into the city to look for an inn. Tomorrow, simply show your ticket stub to
board the carriage again. Remember to be on time.” The train conductor
gave the passengers two choices.
Wendel looked at the passengers inside the second-class carriage and
pondered for a few seconds before carrying his suitcase and walking out of
the train.
It wasn’t that he couldn’t handle the harsh environment that wasn’t
conducive for good sleep. When he was an intelligence officer, he had been
through plenty of hardship. He was only relying on his professionalism that
the sealed carriages, which were limited in space for passenger movement,
weren’t as safe as a single room in an inn.
Of course, he could also stay up all night, but this would definitely affect
his condition tomorrow. Clearly, he still had a long journey tomorrow.
After exiting Utopia Station, Wendel got on a rental carriage by the side of
the road and said to the carriage driver, “To the municipal square.”
In the Loen Kingdom, there would definitely be a cathedral and a hotel near
the municipal square.
“Sir, are you planning on going to the hotel?” the carriage driver asked as
he made the horse turn around, seemingly capable of getting along well
with anyone.
“Yes.” As a Sequence 7 Beyonder, Wendel didn’t hide it.
In his opinion, as long as he lived in the city center while overseas, he could
easily find a group of helpers with his status, and his strength was enough to
support him in completing this task.
“The best hotel in Utopia is Red Boots. Are we going there?” the coach
driver asked in a suggestive tone that all men knew.
If he didn’t have a mission, Wendel wouldn’t mind pleasuring himself.
However, he could only shake his head without any hesitation.
“I want a quiet hotel.”
“Alright…” the coachman replied disappointedly. “Let’s go to the Irises
Hotel. No one will disturb you there.”
As the carriage advanced, Wendel cast his gaze outside the window to
observe the situation outside.
Perhaps it was because the storm was about to arrive, the people on the road
were all in a rush. Even the paperboys looked down.
A very small city… Wendel came to a preliminary conclusion from the lack
of a track carriage.
He only saw one trackless carriage. This meant that most of the areas in
Utopia could be reached on foot in an adequate amount of time.
Just as he had expected, in less than ten minutes, the rental carriage stopped
at the entrance of the Irises Hotel.
Wendel paid the fare and rushed into the hotel before the rain fell.
He heard pattering sounds behind him just as he entered.
After checking in and putting down his luggage, Wendel rested for a while.
He kept the confidential document close to him and went to the restaurant
on the first floor to enjoy dinner.
He cautiously didn’t have any alcoholic beverages and asked for a cup of
“Fizzling Ice Tea,” which was supposedly a local specialty, and a fried pork
chop drenched in apple juice.
As a former intelligence officer of high society, Wendel didn’t have much
expectations for dinner this time, but he was surprised by the meal.
The pork chop was fried in a succulent and juicy manner that gave off a
strong fragrance. The apple juice that was poured on it had a slightly
acerbic texture that washed away most of the cloyed taste. The Fizzling Ice
Tea was refreshing and especially delicious…
When he foot the bull, Wendel nodded at the medium-build waiter and said,
“Please send my compliments to the chef for giving me the pleasure of this
wonderful dinner.”
The ordinary-looking waiter smiled and replied, “That wouldn’t be an issue.
“In all of Utopia City, our chefs are the best.”
Wendel didn’t chit-chat and quickly returned to his room to make some
arrangements to prevent others from sneaking in.
Then, he fell asleep without any hesitation.
He used a relatively safe period of time, which any possible enemies would
find unsuitable for taking action, to sleep and pass the time late into the
night.
After an unknown period of time, Wendel was suddenly woken up by an
intense argument.
He snapped open his pocket watch to take a look and realized that it wasn’t
even midnight.
It’s from next door… A woman’s voice… A man’s voice… Wendel sat up
and listened carefully.
Initially, he suspected that it was a man and woman flirting, but later, he
realized that it was too intense. Some of the items were even thrown onto
the wall.
A quarrel turning into a fight? Just as Wendel mumbled, he heard the
shouting, cursing, and screaming of a woman.
Beating a woman? As a Loen gentleman, although Wendel believed in the
Lord of Storms and discriminated against women, it didn’t stop him from
thinking that men shouldn’t be violent towards women.
After two seconds of consideration, he decided to knock on the door and
remind his “neighbors” to take note.
At that moment, a tragic cry rang out.
This was obviously from a man!
Thud! Something heavy fell to the floor.
Wendel’s brows twitched as he sharply caught the scent of a criminal case.
He stood up, put on his coat, and went to the room next door. He bent his
fingers and knocked twice.
A few seconds later, the door creaked open, and a beautiful woman with
long, wavy hair appeared in front of Wendel.
Her hair was in a mess, and her face was ghastly pale. Her light-green
clothes were stained with blood, and she was holding a dagger that was
dripping with blood.
The lady in her early twenties stammered for a while before speaking in a
dreamy tone, “I killed someone…”