Chapter 997

: Gambling God Dwayne
The core rules of Texas Hold'em were very simple. It was to use two hole
cards and five community cards to form a hand with any five-card
combination. Whoever had the biggest hand won. And the community cards
were dealt in three phases. Three community cards to form "the flop" in the
first phase, a fourth community card called "the turn" in the second phase,
and a fifth community card called "the river" in the third phase. Each phase
allowed players to fold, check, call, or raise. This continued until everyone
was done or until one person didn't fold.
Klein fiddled with the chip in his hand as he divined the existence of any
lucky instances within the next few rounds. However, he was unable to tell
which exact round it was. After all, it was only a quick and simple
divination with average effects.
Using this method to play with ordinary people and Low-Sequence
Beyonders wouldn't be a problem as long as the correct strategy is used, but
it's definitely inadequate against demigods. It's already quite a challenge to
defeat a Mid-Sequence Beyonder… Must I close my eyes each round and do
a complete dream divination? Heh heh, if that were the case, Dwayne
Dantès might end up with the title "Sleeping Gambling God"…Klein sighed
inwardly. He continued watching the round play out as he sat by the side. At
present, he had already lost a bigblind1and a smallblind2when it was his
turn.
At this moment, Klein noticed one point: The MI9 deputy director, Qonas
Kilgor, had lost 20 pounds to Admiral Amyrius.
A successful Bribe… Admiral Amyrius should be able to tell that Qonas is
using his powers as a Baron of Corruption, but he might not know that this
MI9 deputy director is a demigod… The next round will be interesting…
Hehe…
Klein jolted to attention as the new round began. He didn't check his hole
cards when the croupier handed him two new ones. Instead, he placed the
metal chip he was playing with in his hand onto his hole card, taking on the
stance of not planning to look at them.
After two people folded, the stern and old-fashioned Amyrius Rieveldt
casually took a look at his hole cards. After counting five pounds worth of
chips, he threw it into the middle of the table, having raised the stakes
without garnering any surprises.
Another person folded as Macht called. Right on the heels of that, Qonas
Kilgor, who had an unyielding personality, raised the stakes, throwing out a
total of 20 pounds.
Calvin confirmed his hole cards once again before calling.
After one last person folded, Dwayne Dantès didn't do an actual count. He
grabbed a handful of chips and threw it out.
The croupier who was in charge of counting the chips glanced at it before
precisely announcing Dwayne's action, "20 pounds. Call."
"I thought it would be 50 pounds. From the looks of it, I'm still not very
used to these chips," the white-sideburned Dwayne Dantès with an
outstanding temperament said with a laugh.
However, he didn't add on the additional 30 pounds.
At this moment, no one made a move. It was Amyrius Rieveldt's turn again.
This admiral didn't even glance at the remaining players. Picking up five
ten-pound chips, he threw them out.
"Another raise."
He didn't show any perturbations in his emotions, acting as though he was
ordering a cup of black tea. However, that indescribable sense of dominance
and the act of repeatedly raising the stakes pre-flop made the mood at the
table freeze.
Such situations often implied that Admiral Amyrius had excellent hole
cards. Perhaps they were a pair of Aces or a pair of Kings, or an Ace and
King.
Macht decided to fold. Qonas Kilgor rubbed his high nose bridge and
glanced around with his dark blue eyes before saying, "Call."
Colonel Calvin confirmed his cards again. After ten seconds of hesitation,
he chose to fold.
Dwayne Dantès touched the metal chip on his two hole cards and smiled.
"Call."
After a round of expressing their intentions, there were only three players
for the round. Then, the croupier flipped the three community cards in the
middle of the table for the flop.
"2♠, 9♥, K♠."
The person who was up first was Admiral Amyrius Rieveldt. He leaned
forward slightly and said in a domineering manner, "50 pounds."
He had immediately raised the stakes to 50 pounds!
Macht, Calvin, and company, including those who weren't in the game, felt
stifled for some baffling reason.
"…" Qonas Kilgor trembled slightly, but he ultimately grabbed 50 pounds
and threw it out.
Dwayne Dantès glanced at the deputy director of MI9. Completely unfazed
by the pressure, he said with a smile, "Call."
Upon hearing this, Calvin turned his head and nodded at Dwayne Dantès
with his deep blue eyes that resembled a nighttime lake, indicating his
approval.
From his point of view, Admiral Amyrius's domineering stance didn't affect
a person who came to lose money.
At this moment, the red-vested croupier revealed the fourth card—the turn.
"9♠."
There were three Spades, increasing the chances of a flush tremendously.
However, Admiral Amyrius still didn't hesitate. He calmly pushed a stack of
chips.
"100 pounds."
Qonas Kilgor's fingers tapped on his hole cards, showing his lack of
confidence. But ultimately, he choose to call.
Dwayne Dantès glanced at this deputy director once again and maintained
his warm smile.
"Call."
At this point in time, he had yet to see his hole cards, making Calvin
somewhat worried. He believed that such an act was going overboard—a
clear act of throwing money away. It wasn't something Admiral Amyrius,
who was relatively conservative, might find acceptable.
At this moment, the red-vested croupier revealed the final card—the river:
"2♣."
As such, the community cards took form:
"2♠, 9♥, K♠, 9♠, 2♣."
"200 pounds." Admiral Amyrius pushed a pile of metal chips in with an
extremely domineering attitude.
Qonas Kilgor took a deep breath before pushing two stacks of chips.
"500 pounds."
This amount of money was half of his purported annual salary.
Is he trying to bluff?Calvin and Macht exchanged looks, believing that
Brigadier General Kilgor had made it too obvious, making it easy to see
through him.
One had to know that when playing Texas Hold'em, apart from doing risk
management and probability calculations, it also involved psychological
battles most of the time. Be it in terms of body language, expression, or the
style used for raises, they made it easy to expose one's hidden cards.
Of course, good players could also use these details to deliberately
misdirect their opponents.
Dwayne Dantès sized up Qonas Kilgor before he laughed. Then, like the
previous few times, he said, "Call."
Amyrius raised his hands, prepared to push all his remaining chips, to
pressure his opponents into folding.
At this moment, he suddenly paused. His deadpan expression wore a look
of solemnity.
After a few seconds of silence, he calmly said, "Call."
At this point, the hole cards could be revealed to compare each person's
hand.
Admiral Amyrius flipped his card first. It was an A♠ and 10♠. It formed a
flush with the 2♠, K♠, and 9♠. It was a rather high-ranking hand, with the
only ones bigger than it being a full house, four of a kind, straight flush, and
royal flush.
"It's your turn," Amyrius then urged Qonas.
Qonas first flipped open a single card—K♦. It made two pairs with the K
and 9 from the community cards.
Following that, he picked up his second hole card. At that moment, the
remaining poker cards at the red-vested croupier's end blurred.
Pa!
The hole card was flipped open, revealing itself: "9♣!"
"What?" Macht and company exclaimed, hardly believing their eyes.
This meant that Qonas Kilgor had obtained a full house—nines over kings!
It was bigger than a flush!
"Sorry about that. Full house," Qonas looked at Amyrius and said with a
smile.
Then, he turned to look at Dwayne Dantès.
"You can reveal your cards."
"I'm also very curious as to what my cards are." Dwayne Dantès smiled. He
picked up the metal chip that he had placed down on his cards and very
casually flipped the two hole cards.
"Eh…"
"What?"
…
Calvin and company rubbed their eyes.
Dwayne Dantès's hole cards were a very weak pair: "2♥, 2♦."
There happened to be a very small pair in the community cards: "2♠, 2♣."
They formed a four of a kind—the smallest rank when it came to four of a
kind, but it was higher ranked than all the full houses!
"Praise the Lady!" Dwayne Dantès drew the crimson moon across his chest
in pleasant surprise, looking as though he had never expected it.
"An interesting round." Amyrius was taken aback for a moment before he
gently clapped.
Qonas Kilgor gave Dwayne Dantès a deep look and said with a laughing
sigh, "I never expected the final winner to be you."
Klein wiped the smile from his face as he inwardly grumbled,It's only right
that I win over the two of you. On the one hand, Admiral Amyrius enjoys
pressuring others and doesn't really rely on his Beyonder powers to cheat.
As for you, you placed your focus and Beyonder powers on Admiral
Amyrius; thus, ignoring me. On the other hand, the one playing cards with
you is actually named Winner Enuni.
Without even looking at his hole cards, it was obvious that he was relying
solely on luck!
At the moment he placed his chip on the hole cards, Klein had already
swapped positions with Enuni as they switched faces with each other!
Although Colonel Calvin had gotten him to deliberately lose 1,000 pounds,
Klein decided to win a killing after he saw Qonas Kilgor.
This wasn't because he couldn't bear to part with the money; instead, his
main motive was to garner the attention of this MI9 demigod. He wanted to
get familiar with him and build relationships!
Only by doing this could Klein have an opportunity to obtain intelligence
from Qonas Kilgor and even carry out an assault on him. After all, he was a
demigod. To deal with him in Backlund required sufficient care and caution.
He would rather give up an operation if he lacked the confidence to
guarantee a kill or lure him away from Backlund. Otherwise, he was bound
to expose himself, ending up being surrounded by demigods and even
angels in Backlund.
In the subsequent rounds, Klein won and lost different rounds. In the end,
not only did he keep his 1,000 pounds in chips, but he had even won nearly
an additional 1,000 pounds. During this process, Calvin had gestured to
Dwayne Dantès to lose, but he was left stupefied by the latter's ridiculous
good luck that left him undefeatable.
After the game came to an end, a person walked over to Dwayne Dantès
with a smile—Qonas Kilgor.
1 "big blind" is equal to the minimum bet.
2 The "small blind" is normally half the big blind.