Chapter 637

: The Future
“Are you done with your preparations?” Colin had his back to the window
as he asked without any abnormality in his tone.
With the Axe of Hurricane attached to him, Derrick lowered his head
slightly.
“I’m done.”
In the past two months, through the patrol missions and arduous practice, he
had fully mastered the various Beyonder powers of Solar High Priest. He
was already not too far from digesting the potion.
What he wished for the most was to obtain the Sun pathway’s Sequence 6
potion formula in the next two to three Tarot Gatherings, so as to ensure his
continual advancement.
The release of Shepherd Lovia made him feel highly threatened. He
believed that only by reaching the same Sequence 5 would he have a chance
of effectively putting her in check and avert the potential danger of the City
of Silver. However, with the knowledge of the acting method and without
the lack of Beyonder ingredients, all he needed to do was survive the
various patrols and exploration missions and make enough contributions to
make Sequence 6 a reachable target. However, Sequence 5 required a
specific ritual which made it relatively difficult.
The grizzled Colin nodded.
“In another two days, I’ll be leading a small team to the vicinity of the
Giant King’s Court. We will do a second sweep of Afternoon Town which
we previously found, and your powers are very suitable for such matters.”
Afternoon Town… Having been “brushing up” on his knowledge of legends
over the past few months, Derrick was no stranger to this name. It was an
area that needed to be passed when going to the Giant King’s Court from
the Kingdom of Silver. It was a town where humans and giants lived
together. It clustered around the ancient god’s residence which was forever
fixed at sunset, just like the last door that separated the real world to a
mythological legend.
“Yes, Your Excellency.” Derrick couldn’t find a reason to reject.
…
City of White, Nas. In a particular inn.
Klein sat behind a desk as he looked at the constantly changing clouds
outside the window, silently awaiting the arrival of evening.
At eight, he would board the Star Pirates’s flagship, Future, on Dock 6 to
head to the furthest eastern front of the Sonia Sea. No matter what
happened in the Gargas Archipelago or this region of the sea known as a
pirate’s playground, they would have nothing to do with him.
Therefore, he didn’t attempt to hunt the small number of pirates with
bounties on their heads that he met while walking in the big and small
alleys or bars and casinos. He didn’t want to mess up his plans of finding
mermaids.
My spiritual intuition tells me that Slaughter Kircheis from noon seems to
have targeted me… I wouldn’t mind if he wishes to send himself to his
death. Well, battle strategy can be despised, but battle technique needs to be
treated seriously. Without using the Sea God Scepter or Tinder, I’m at best a
little stronger than him. I’m at an advantage by being well-rounded and
strange enough… Klein half-closed his eyes as he imagined the gathering of
countless spherical lights, and he used it to enter Cogitation rapidly so as to
maintain the acuteness of his spirituality.
After an unknown period of time, his spiritual perception was triggered as
he opened his eyes immediately.
At that moment, the sun had already set in the west. The fiery-red colors
seemed to burn the sea as long shadows were drawn out through the
curtains.
The shadows seemed to come alive as they danced about before distorting
and standing up to project themselves on the wall.
Its pitch-black darkness was like the manifestation of the immense evil at
the bottom of a human’s heart.
Klein watched this scene with a deadpan expression. He raised his left palm
high as he slowly extended his fingers.
The pitch-black shadow produced a voice that sounded hoarse, as though it
held sandcloth in it. While looking at Klein, it said, “Gehrman Sparrow!
“Do not interfere in the matter that happened this afternoon.
“This is the will of the King of Immortality.”
With that said, the shadow slid down like flowing water and scattered into
the darkness, having its original state restored.
Klein didn’t pay attention to the shadow’s changes. Instead, he cast his gaze
outside.
He could sense that the person controlling the shadow was somewhere
across the street. Hence, he didn’t plan on acting upon an incorporeal entity.
Indeed, Slaughterer Kircheis recognized me as the crazy adventurer,
Gehrman Sparrow, who loves to hunt pirates. That’s why he didn’t hesitate
to turn around at noon. He might not be afraid of me, but there was another
rather powerful adventurer present as well…
The power he revealed just now is somewhat similar to the Desire Apostle
in Backlund. He’s more and more likely to be a Beyonder from the Devil
pathway…
Heh, using the King of Immortality to scare me. Do you think I’ll submit
just like that? I never intended to involve myself in it! By doing so, I’m
actually a little curious… Forget it. Finding the mermaids is of utmost
importance as of now. I shouldn’t create incidents for myself… Klein
retracted his gaze as he lampooned.
He was originally wondering if he should report the matter to the Church of
the God of Combat in Nas, but after serious consideration, he discovered
that it was likely to be meaningless.
The Church of the God of Combat is the only legal religion in the Feysac
Empire. The number of High-Sequence Beyonders they have is definitely a
little higher than the Church of the Evernight Goddess, but just by a little.
Even if the demigods of the Feysac royal family and military are added,
with the extensive land and numerous colonies it has, making the number of
critical areas that require protection crucial, they would definitely be
lacking in manpower. The Gargas Archipelago, which is far away from the
empire and in a relatively ordinary location, with the only industry being
whale fishing, there’s no doubt that it’s only an afterthought and doesn’t
have any saints protecting it.
According to what Klein had previously learned, the archbishop of the
Gargas diocese for the Church of the God of Combat was only a Sequence 5
Guardian. Together with the tribunal’s inquisitor, a baron from the royal
family, and a commodore from the military, they form the highest level of
Beyonder combat forces here.
Of course, the existence of Sealed Artifacts had guaranteed the control of
the area. Klein suspected that the Church of the God of Combat in Nas had
at least one Grade 1 Sealed Artifact. Only by doing so could they combine it
with their fleets and Beyonders to ensure that the whale oil and gray amber
trade industry wouldn’t be under the control of pirates and not end up as
one of the vassals of one of the Four Kings. Under any sudden assaults,
they were able to use it to last until reinforcements arrived.
And it was precisely because of this that the officials in the Gargas
Archipelago ultimately maintained a defensive state. As long as the pirates
didn’t cause problems, they were allowed to freely enter and leave.
Reporting things wouldn’t be of any use… No wonder it’s called a pirate’s
playground. It’s no wonder Bilt wants to organize an Adventurer
Association… Klein sighed as he gave up his previous thoughts.
After dinner and resting for a while, Klein took out his gold pocket watch
and opened it to check the time.
Seeing that it was already seven, he held a ritual and summoned himself
before responding to himself. He then brought different items into the gray
fog while adjusting his inventory.
As he was adventuring out at sea on the Future, the Murloc Cufflink and
various Sea God domain charms were necessary. Therefore, Klein left
Tinder and the Sun Brooch above the gray fog. With Creeping Hunger as
his main force, he matched it with the Biological Poison Bottle and a
revolver which was loaded with different Beyonder bullets. He still had 7
purifying bullets, 13 demon-hunting bullets, and 2 exorcism bullets.
Wearing his coat, Klein placed down Azik’s whistle, as well as his wallet
containing only fifty pounds into his inner pocket. Then, he stored the silver
adventurer harmonica and charms together.
After doing all of this, he touched the revolver beneath his armpit, polished
the blue cufflink at his left wrist, and buttoned his double-breasted frock
coat. He wore his half top hat, picked up his black suitcase which contained
only his change of clothes and some daily necessities, and left the inn for
the harbor via a carriage.
After waiting for a while at Dock 6, he saw a gigantic sailboat slowly
appear from the distance.
According to his limited knowledge of boats, Klein knew that a sailboat of
such length wasn’t scientific. However, this didn’t deter it from cruising
calmly on the black sea surface as it headed for the lighthouse which
emitted its light.
As the sailboat approached, the flag gradually became clear. The crimson
but weak moonlight allowed the people at the harbor to see ten white stars
of the same size as they circled a cold eyelashless eye on the flag.
“Admiral of Stars!”
“The Future!”
The pirates and sailors who were watching over their ships exclaimed as
every dock in the harbor was filled with stirred emotions.
After more than ten seconds, the defensive cannons on the two ends of the
mountain “nervously” adjusted themselves and aimed at the gigantic
sailboat which didn’t conceal itself.
Clang! Clang! Clang!
The distant cathedral produced light and ethereal chimes, signaling that it
was 8 o’clock sharp.
As the tenseness around the dock became more evident, the Future came to
a halt.
At some point in time, a woman dressed in a black classical robe appeared
at the bow. Her clothes were filled with different symbols and magic labels,
making her look like a powerful warlock of ancient legends.
Under the crimson moonlight, the ground beneath her suddenly lit up.
Resplendent starlight scattered down, forming a long, transparent bridge.
The long bridge constantly extended forward before landing on Dock 6.
An impressive show… As expected of one of the seven pirate admirals.
Furthermore, she’s a full Admiral, a rank higher than Iceberg and
Ailment… Klein sighed as he wished to extend his palm to cover his face.
He didn’t wish to let others know that the crazy adventurer, Gehrman
Sparrow, was cooperating with Admiral of Stars Cattleya.
At this point, I can only maintain my persona. Once I’m done digesting the
potion and by the time I’m back in the Northern Continent, there wouldn’t
be Gehrman Sparrow anymore… Klein walked out of the shadows as he
pressed the half top hat on his head. He smoothly walked onto the starry
bridge.
His footsteps were firm as Klein walked with his back straight while being
targeted by numerous defensive cannons. Under the gazes with ambiguous
meanings, he unhurriedly walked to the docked Future.
The bridge under his feet was transparent as the dark-blue seawater which
was almost black ebbed beneath him. It would make anyone with
acrophobia turn limp.
Thankfully, I’ve long become a Clown. I’ve even jumped off a clock tower…
Klein covered the last ten meters with a cold expression before stepping
onto the deck of the Future.
Faced with the black-eyed Admiral of Stars Cattleya, who had purple tint to
her eyes, he didn’t show any nervousness. He took off his hat and bowed.
“Good evening, Ma’am.”