Chapter 735

: Another Visit
Sharron was silent for two seconds before she said, “I’ll help ask.”
It means you need to consider it? That’s right. The negative effects of Scales
of Luck does leave one hesitant. However, Biological Poison Bottle is really
compatible with a Wraith. If it wasn’t because I’m short on money, and how
it lowers my immunity, making me easily fall sick, I wouldn’t be willing to
sell it. It’s rather effective in an ambush! Klein vaguely grasped Sharron’s
intentions as he stuffed the silver necklace back into his collar.
He asked after some thought, “Which power of a High-Sequence Prisoner
pathway Beyonder makes all surrounding lifeless items attack one’s
target?”
“Puppet,” Sharron succinctly replied.
It’s the power of a Sequence 4 Puppet? Turning themselves into a lifeless
puppet, so that they are able to control all lifeless objects in a certain
range? Advancing further, will they be able to directly influence the
mystical items of an enemy? Klein nodded in enlightenment and asked,
“Then, do you know that demigod?”
He immediately described in detail the appearance of the elder who had
attacked him outside Bayam.
“Shanks,” Sharron calmly said a name.
I actually wished that you could share with me more about him… Klein
knew Miss Sharron’s style as he said with an exasperated smile, “Then, do
you know Zatwen?”
He was the mentor of the Naturism Sect’s leader in Oravi Island.
“The demigod who was pursuing us,” Sharron answered without hiding
anything or any emotions, like a doll.
That’s the one who made me feel like the chairs, tables, and curtains wished
to kill me… What a coincidence… However, it wasn’t arranged. It just
proves that as a secret organization, the Rose School of Thought, with a
history of over a thousand years, doesn’t have that many demigods…
Perhaps it has about the same number as the Aurora Order. The number of
saints number around five, and the number of angels and Grade 0 Sealed
Artifacts number about two to three… Of course, this is also because they
were suppressed by the seven major Churches, reducing their headquarters
to colonies. At the height of their powers, they might’ve had far more than
these… Klein thought and asked again, “Then, do you know the Rose
School of Thought member that is able to make an entire mountain tremble
with just one arm?”
He planned on describing the arm’s traits, but he realized that he hadn’t
dared to look straight at it.
Sharron listened quietly as her eyes darted around as though they came to
life. She asked with a clear voice, “What did you encounter?”
A saint, an angel, as well as Sea King, an Aurora Order demigod, a monster
byproduct from the Numinous Episcopate’s Artificial Death… Klein silently
made a self-deprecating comment as he said with a wry smile, “I got on the
bad side with the Mother Tree of Desire, and I suffered an ambush from the
Rose School of Thought. Thankfully, I was in Bayam, allowing the Church
of Storms and the kingdom’s military to take action. I also threw out an
item corrupted with the True Creator’s aura, as well as something related to
the Numinous Episcopate. In short, it was chaos, and I took the opportunity
to escape.”
He replied frankly, apart from hiding the existence of Miss Messenger and
Mr. Azik. As for the matter of the True Creator, he believed that Miss
Sharron had long known that he wasn’t affected by the ravings. This could
be explained by a timely psychological intervention or psychic treatment.
“Mother Tree of Desire…” Sharron murmured the name as rare emotional
upheavals slowly appeared in her eyes.
Klein didn’t have the interpretation abilities of a Spectator, and he was
unable to tell what was exactly on Sharron’s mind. He could only sense that
she felt a little fear and loathing.
Sharron quickly restrained her abnormal reaction, turning back into an
extremely exquisite “doll.”
She looked at Sherlock Moriarty and said, “You are very lucky and very
mysterious.”
Klein smiled without a word, neither lying nor explaining.
Sharron didn’t inquire as she said, “You might’ve met Suah. ‘He’ is an
Abomination born 922 years ago and claims to be the son of the Chained
God. ‘He’ is also the present leader of the Rose School of Thought.”
No way. The Rose School of Thought sent its leader and a demigod to deal
with me… I’m just a mere Sequence 5! If not for Orange Light Hilarion’s
warning, I might’ve already been captured by the Rose School of Thought…
Klein felt a chill run down his back again as he asked, “Is Abomination the
name of the Prisoner pathway’s Sequence 2 or Sequence 1?”
“Probably,” Sharron didn’t give an affirmative answer.
At this moment, without waiting for Klein’s response, she said, “Williams
Street has been destroyed.”
Klein had pondered what kind of reaction he should have when Miss
Sharron raised the topic, so he immediately frowned.
“By who? When did it happen?”
“The Nighthawks and Machinery Hivemind. About two months ago.”
Sharron had clearly gathered the corresponding intelligence.
Klein nodded solemnly and, after some deep thought, said, “Perhaps we’ve
neglected something. That evil spirit didn’t need us to rescue it. It was still
controlling Baronet Pound!
“Could it be that something happened to that gentleman, incurring the
notice of the Nighthawks and Machinery Hiveminds?” Klein offered a
guess filled with half-truths without utmost confidence.
Sharron nodded.
“Baronet Pound died during one of his revelries.”
That’s it? That’s the end to Alista Tudor’s final bloodline? Klein thought and
said, “How’s the situation with Williams Street at the moment?”
“Some high-rise buildings are being built,” Sharron described without much
of an expression. “People monitored it in secret at the beginning, but the
surveillance decreased with time, diminishing to zero early last month.”
Klein pondered for a few seconds and said, “Have you gone down to
explore it?”
Sharron’s eyes swept his face.
“No.”
This is her remembering our unwritten agreement—to explore it together
because we found it together? What a noble-hearted lady. The Rose School
of Thought’s temperance faction is infinitely times better than the
indulgence faction! Klein probed, “Shall we go now?”
“Alright,” Sharron succinctly expressed her stance.
Klein immediately instructed the carriage driver, and he changed the
destination to Williams Street at the intersection of West Borough and
Empress Borough.
Along the way, he casually mentioned what he heard and saw at sea, as well
as the experiences that didn’t involve his secrets. Although Sharron didn’t
answer him, she listened attentively, seemingly interested.
This made Klein recall the time when he first got to know her as Miss
Bodyguard. She sat on the illusory high-back chair in the oriel window’s
glass. Her right hand held her cheek as she seriously listened to his
conversation with Ian. She had great potential in being a Spectator.
The carriage passed through the silent streets in the drizzle before finally
arriving near Williams Street.
Without approaching the area, Klein and Sharron discovered that the area
had become a huge worksite.
After circling to the region that matched the underground ruins, they stood
behind a huge tree with a lush canopy. Klein said to Sharron, who wasn’t
drenched by the rain despite not holding an umbrella, “Let’s head down.”
As the rain fell, they passed through Sharron’s blonde hair and body before
hitting the ground.
“Alright.” Sharron didn’t ask how Sherlock Moriarty was planning on
heading down with her.
Klein reached his hand into his pocket and easily removed the wall of
spirituality, and he opened the iron cigar case.
Beside him, a figure suddenly appeared. It was none other than Admiral of
Blood Senor who wore a dark red coat and an old triangular hat.
“He will head down in my stead,” Klein said with a smile.
Immediately following that, he controlled his marionette in a composed
manner.
Senor immediately pressed his hand to his chest and bowed at Sharron.
“Good evening. I’m honored to work with you.”
Sharron swept her gaze across Klein and Senor, and without a word, her
body sank into the soil.
Uh, Miss Sharron seems to detest Senor quite significantly… Klein curled
his lips and made Admiral of Blood rapidly turn into a Wraith and sink.
As for himself, he leaned on a tree, half-closed his eyes as he seriously
controlled the marionette. There wasn’t anyone around him, and the drizzle
was light and the streetlights dim.
Slowly, Klein found the feeling of being a Marionettist.
His vision and Senor’s vision overlapped with one another as he saw black-
brown soil, squirming worms, and miscellaneous items in between the
rocks.
As they passed through layers of obstacles, they arrived at the region where
the ruin once was. The dome ceiling had collapsed and the stone columns
had snapped. The area was filled with soil and rubble, looking nothing like
it once was.
Such a scene made Klein believe that the humanoid statues of the six deities
had been completely destroyed.
To his joy, their location was relatively close to the room which sealed the
evil spirit. That meant that he didn’t need to worry that any subsequent
exploration would exceed the hundred-meter range for the control of his
marionette.
Amidst the smell of soil and rot, they soon entered the previously menacing
room; however, between the rubble and soil, there were only a few signs of
crushed bone and rotting clothes. The dark gold and deep blue light from
before had all vanished.
The Beyonder characteristics have been taken away by the Nighthawks and
Machinery Hivemind… Senor’s expression twitched as it perfectly reflected
Klein’s mood.
Sharron turned around in the dark solid environment and gently shook her
head.
“They didn’t send anyone in. There are no traces of living creatures existing
in here.”
That’s right. If a living person had entered and exited this room over the
past half year, a Wraith should be able to sense it… Besides, the deity
statues obviously cannot be seen by the Nighthawks and Machinery
Hivemind… Where did those Beyonder characteristics go? As Klein
frowned, Senor had a similar reaction.
Could it be that the evil spirit wasn’t completely obliterated? It had long
escaped? Klein thought about it when he suddenly came to an alarming
conclusion.
He held back his emotions and made Senor pass through the soil and
rubble-filled room with Sharron, and they arrived at the spot where the
bloody door previously stood. And at that moment, only a few splinters
proved that it existed before.
After proceeding forward a few meters, the two truly entered the room
where the evil spirit was sealed.
It had likewise been destroyed and buried. Klein used Senor’s body and
eyes to look for clues as he flew about.
“There should be a black high-back chair here.” Sharron stopped and
pointed at the splinters above two rocks.
Klein instantly recalled the scene he had once seen in the dream—the
young man suspected of being Medici had sat on a high-back chair, his head
drooped low as though dead.
Sharron didn’t pause. She continued proceeding in the compressed soil in
search for any traces. Suddenly, she spoke again.
“There should be one here.”
Another one? A second black high-back chair? “Klein” floated over in
surprise.