Chapter 993

: Another Possibility
Allowing the Spirit Body to receive protection of a dream to slow down the
encroachment of danger at night… This is similar to the necessity to sleep
when night fell in the ruins of the battlefield of the gods…
Also, the powers in the Forsaken Land of the Gods likely isn’t under the
Goddess’s control. Once one vanishes in the darkness over there, they
definitely won’t enter the foggy town… Where will it point towards? Or
would they stay in the same spot, unable to interact with companions and
the real world until they die of starvation or old age… After reading
Arrodes’s reply, Klein was somewhat enlightened as he roughly grasped the
crux of the issue.
However, he felt that this wasn’t necessarily useful, because The Sun only
required pure darkness so that he could be buried in ice that normally
wouldn’t melt to consume the Priest of Light potion. Once he entered a
dream, there was no way for him to control his own body to complete that
critical step. That way, even if he could remain in the darkness for
prolonged periods of time, it would be meaningless.
Yes, I’ll wait until Little Sun asks the chief of the City of Silver before
coming up with an actual plan based on his answer… Of course, before
that, I can try to get a corresponding solution from Leonard to figure out
how to create darkness with a temporary dreamworld… Klein nodded
slightly, acknowledging the answer provided by the magic mirror.
As for the first option of accepting corruption and turning into a monster in
the darkness, it wasn’t even considered. In the extraordinary world, this was
equivalent to committing suicide which almost couldn’t be reversed.
Upon considering how he still had one question left to ask, Klein
deliberated and asked, “Where can I obtain the potion formula of the Seer
pathway’s Sequence 3, Scholar of Yore?”
The full-body mirror’s surface had aqueous light ripple once again as it
reflected a dark cathedral without any natural light.
Klein found this scene very familiar as he immediately recalled what it
represented—this was where Zaratul, who had turned into a monster, hid!
However, this time, deep inside the cathedral, the cluster of blurry and huge
maggots were no longer present.
Just as Klein’s pupils dilated, the silver words appeared beneath the scene
depiction:
“Great Master, Zaratul has vanished!
“I can’t find ‘Him’!”
Vanished… Klein momentarily forgot to breathe.
Although he had long known of Zaratul’s return, since he was the one who
began the chain reaction by opening the door to the foggy town, he never
expected this big shot to secretly leave the cathedral; “His” whereabouts
becoming unknown!
Even Arrodes is unable to locate “Him”… What is “He” plotting? The more
Klein thought, the more a chill ran down his back.
Having become a Sequence 4 demigod, he could confirm one thing:
His control over the mysterious world above the gray fog was still
insufficient. He could temporarily only converge the leaking specialness
that it had augmented him with in the real world, making it difficult for
Beyonders of corresponding pathways to see it, but it was unable to repress
the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence. As for the gray fog, it had
proven time and time again that he had an invisible form of attraction
towards Beyonders of the Seer, Apprentice, and Marauder pathway.
Amongst them, the effects on the Seer pathway was most evident!
Besides, I myself am quite an attractive Sequence 4 Bizarro Sorceror. It’s
not impossible for Zaratul to suddenly come to Backlund one day… Klein
maintained a deadpan expression and said to the full-body mirror that was
switching scenes, “Got it.”
Antigonus presented another scene which Klein was equally familiar with.
It was the Antigonus family’s “treasure trove” at the peak of the Hornacis
mountain range.
Below this scene, silver words quickly surfaced once again:
“Great Master, there’s another possibility, but I can’t tell. I just know that
it’s easier than the first two.”
The Antigonus family’s notebook isn’t there this time? That’s right. It will
lead the wielder to the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range to seek
out the Antigonus family’s treasure trove. It’s basically the same as the
previous option… What’s the possibility that even Arrodes can’t tell? Based
on what I know about the factions in control of the Seer pathway, it’s
implying that I should pray to the Goddess for it? The Goddess is the
Mother of Concealment, so “She” can choose whether Arrodes can see it or
not… Klein’s thoughts scattered and quickly made a connection.
Of course, he didn’t believe that directly praying for the Scholar of Yore
potion formula would allow him to get it. It was too ridiculous, as though it
was child’s play.
From his experience as a Nighthawk, he suspected that he might need to
make enough contributions before he could obtain the Scholar of Yore
potion formula from the Evernight Goddess via a ritual.
Making enough contributions… This sure is a familiar phrase… Klein
sighed as he began having some ideas.
Clearly, he had hints on how to do so-handle the Artificial Death faction of
the Numinous Episcopate!
However, Klein suspected that the Goddess only had up to the Scholar of
Yore Sequence for the Seer pathway potion formulas, and not the
subsequent ones at the angel level. This was because the Antigonus family’s
angel didn’t perish immediately back then but had hidden in a secret palace,
losing control to become a monster and was in a half-sealed state. In
addition, The Fool card was also there and hadn’t been retrieved yet.
At this moment, Klein had the intention of asking about Amon’s avatars,
but he suddenly recalled that within the memories of the rat demigod, the
warning about the Marauder pathway angel and Amon had been given by
this very mirror!
As his thoughts flashed through his mind, Klein narrowed his eyes, looked
at the full-body mirror, and nodded.
“Alright, that’s it for today. Head back. If there’s anything in the future, I’ll
summon you again.”
“Yes, Master! Goodbye, Master~ Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes,
is constantly waiting to return to your side!” Light gathered on the mirror’s
surface, depicting a stick figure waving its hand.
After everything returned to normal, Klein turned around and picked up the
paper with the previously drawn symbol. With a snap of his fingers, he
made it burst into scarlet flames.
The ash floated down as he spread open his left hand. In it were two
maggots shimmering with solid mysterious symbols.
The two maggots squirmed gently, using their lifeforce to fill the entire
bedroom with madness and bizarreness. The surrounding lights then
dimmed and brightened from time to time in a non-uniform fashion. They
were none other than the Worms of Spirit which Klein had separated from
himself.
Suddenly, Klein reached out his right palm, suddenly pressing them towards
the two transparent maggots.
Instantly, his palm paused, just short of touching the Worms of Spirit. He
raised his palm again, lowering it only to pause. He repeated this several
times until he finally exerted his strength with a deadpan expression.
Amidst an invisible and illusory cracking sound, his head suddenly felt a
stabbing pain.
This made his soul feel like it was being ripped apart. It was even more
painful than encountering a gunshot or a slash wound.
Klein used his Clown powers to control the twitching of his facial muscles.
After a few seconds, he raised his right hand to rub his temples, inwardly
mumbling, Indeed, the death of every Worm of Spirit deals damage to the
Spirit Body. My current limit is six. Hmm, I’ll temporarily stop trying. Let’s
see how long it takes to recover.
Thankfully, this is a tolerable matter. Otherwise, it would be dangerous if a
marionette is destroyed while the Worm of Spirit isn’t able to be collected
in time due to an intense battle…
Yes, it’s different from Amon’s Worms of Time avatars. A Bizarro
Sorcerer’s Worms of Spirit will not necessarily die when a marionette is
destroyed. Most of the time, a Bizarro Sorcerer is able to retrieve them in
time. It’s because the distance between the body and the marionette isn’t
that exaggerated…
After confirming the situation, and waiting for the Beyonder characteristics
contained within the Worms of Spirit to return to himself, Klein rummaged
for some materials and set up a ritual to pray to The Fool.
After a series of tasks, Klein used the carcasses of two Worms of Spirit, two
silver plates, and the complicated symbol which he had previously recorded
down to make two silver-black bullets-of which the latter came from Snake
of Mercury Will Auceptin.
The two bullets were carved with strange, indescribable patterns. They kept
extending inwards as though they were coming together in the middle at
one point. Their entire bodies were gloomy but not dark. Just one look at it
made one’s thoughts sluggish.
Klein flicked a gold coin and used divination, together with his spiritual
intuition, to swiftly determine the abilities of the two bullets—the target
would immediately enter a state of paralysis upon being hit!
The length of time that one was left in this state depended on the potency of
one’s Spirit Body. Even Sequence 3 saints would be in a state of stiffness
for a second or two!
This already exceeds my powers. Of course, the premise is that contact can
be made. Oh, this is a result of the gray fog’s augmentation… These two
bullets should be at the same level as the Fate Siphon charms. Although my
Worms of Spirit can’t be compared to Amon’s and Pallez’s Worms of Time,
the amount of power I can now draw from the mysterious space above the
gray fog is clearly superior to what I could do in the past… I shall call
them, uh-Control Spirit Bullets… Klein drew Death Knell from his
underarm holster, snapped open the cylinder wheel, and stuffed the two
silver-black Control Spirit Bullets inside.
Following that, he spread open a piece of paper beside the altar and wrote:
“…Next, your mission is to seek out relatively high-level charms and
Beyonder bullets. May God be with you.
“XXX who raised three requests from you.”
This letter was written to Patrick Bryan of the Numinous Episcopate’s
Artificial Death faction.
With a subordinate at my disposal, why let him go to waste? As Klein
mumbled, he folded his letter. At the altar from before, he summoned
Patrick Bryan’s messenger.
The surface of the desk burst into pitch-black flames and quickly gathered
together, forming a translucent bird with dark feathers.
This spirit world creature glanced at Klein before slowly lowering its head
to bite at the envelope.
Watching it disappear, Klein nodded slightly and inwardly muttered,
Patrick’s Contract Companion isn’t of a low level either…
He quickly reined in his thoughts, took out another letter, and fluidly wrote:
“…I have already obtained the blessing of Concealment. You can attempt to
gather items at the Marauder pathway demigod level. In addition, I’ve
found a way to crack the theft and replacement of destiny. You don’t have to
be too anxious.
“…Do you know how to create a darkness that includes a temporary dream
world?
“…If you have the time, can you head to Tingen and help me use 3-0782 to
create Flaring Sun Bullets. The Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem has the divine
blood of the Eternal Blazing Sun hidden in it… Only by sufficiently raising
your strength can we be more confident at dealing with Amon’s avatars…”