Chapter 175

: Deduction
Lanevus? That criminal who cheated both money and sex? To think that he
had a connection to Hood Eugen from the Psychology Alchemists… Klein
froze for a moment when he heard the name. He immediately thought about
the implications the name “Lanevus” had.
He’s the cheat that escaped with more than 10,000 pounds!
Just a providing a clue would earn me 10 pounds. And if I help in capturing
this moving treasury, I’ll earn 100 pounds!
He’s a scum that took advantage of the bodies and feelings of innocent
women!
To think that he knows Hood Eugen and went to visit him three times at the
mental asylum. Does this mean that he’s connected to the Beyonder circle,
or that he’s a Beyonder himself? Klein suddenly recalled the name of a
potion: the Marauder pathway Sequence 8—Swindler!
These Beyonders took pleasure in swindling others!
It’s very possible! Klein nodded in thought. He controlled his facial
expression and body language, feigning nonchalance as he asked, “Then,
when was Mr. Lanevus’s last visit to Hood Eugen?”
“Early July. I would have to check the registration records of the mental
asylum to give you a specific date,” Daxter Guderian replied after a few
seconds of thought.
Lanevus’s scam hadn’t been exposed back in early July and he hadn’t left
Tingen…Klein then asked, “Does Hood Eugen mention this person
usually?”
“No. You should understand that a Sequence 7 Psychiatrist would never
reveal something by accident. Every word they say has been deliberated
over thoroughly. It would be impossible to learn their secrets unless they
have some other hidden motives. I was only able to get the Telepathist
formula after Hood Eugen went mad. Oh right, have you determined the
authenticity of the formula?” Daxter expertly hid his feelings of pride
toward his pathway’s potion.
Klein laughed and replied, “It’s authentic. When you need to advance, you
can use that to concoct your potion without worry. We can help if the
Psychology Alchemists are unable to provide you with the ingredients.
Also, how have you been lately?”
“Not too bad. Other than being a little worried about Hood Eugen’s
condition, I feel rather relaxed. I no longer have symptoms of a split
personality. You’ve helped me greatly in this regard,” Daxter Guderian said,
full of emotion.
Klein wore a humble expression.
“It’s only right.”
“Let’s return to the topic at hand. Since you said that a Psychiatrist would
deliberate over their every word before uttering it and wouldn’t easily
reveal their secrets, why did Hood Eugen tell you that El is Lanevus? Was
he hinting at something, or was trying to warn you of anything?”
Daxter froze for a moment, then creased his brows.
“This is really weird, to think that I didn’t notice this… Other than that,
Hood Eugen didn’t mention anything else. Could his motive be for me to
tell the upper echelons of the association about the name Lanevus should he
meet with any problems?
“The association’s reaction seemed strange, too. After I informed them
about Hood Eugen’s insanity, they did send a liaison. But after I described
every detail, including Lanevus’s name, there were no more replies from the
upper echelons. It was like being a stone cast in the ocean. Could this mean
that they’ve figured something out?”
“A reasonable deduction.” Klein took out his demon hunting bullets and
stuffed them into his revolver, then took aim at the target.
“If we follow this deduction, Hood Eugen might’ve long anticipated that he
would become insane or die… And this has an untenable connection with
Lanevus? But since he already anticipated it, why didn’t he ask for help
from the upper echelons?” Daxter gazed blankly ahead. He thought hard as
he said, “Unfortunately, he’s insane now. There’s no way to effectively
communicate with him now.”
“Perhaps some kind of temptation made him choose to take the risk.” Klein
made a guess.
At the same time, he felt that it was regrettable that Hood Eugen had really
become a mental patient. This compromised much of the information that
he might have otherwise gotten.
Sigh. Even a dead person is better than a lunatic. I can use mediumship
rituals to make the dead talk, but what can I do with a lunatic? Oh right,
Madam Daly once tried to use mediumship rituals to call upon my lost
memories. The theory behind the mediumship rituals seems to have been
derived from the Psychology Alchemists… This means that I can also use
the mediumship rituals on the living and create a scenario where I interact
with his spirit directly using my spirit… I wonder if Hood Eugen would still
be insane under those conditions.
Unfortunately, I’m not advanced enough in this field, so I don’t think I
would be able to do it… I’ll call upon the messenger and ask Madam Daly
about it first. I’ll see if she can provide me with any techniques. If she thinks
that only she can accomplish it, then I’ll tell the Captain and get him to
send a telegraph to Backlund to request for assistance…
I’m definitely not taking this troublesome course of action just because I
want to learn the technique and attempt the ritual to summon the
messenger…
Many thoughts ran through Klein’s mind before he gradually narrowed it
down to a single line of thought that could solve the problem.
Daxter Guderian approved of his guess.
“Greed always makes one foolish. Even when a person knows that there’s
only the abyss in front of him, he’ll still attempt to walk to the edge and
take a peek.”
This is called crazily testing the limits of fate… Klein lampooned.
“Try your best to treat Hood Eugen after returning to the mental asylum.
Try to keep him sober for a period of time and get some clues out of him.”
“Also, don’t hide your worries and anxiety. Establish more connections
with the Psychology Alchemists and put pressure on them to solve Hood
Eugen’s problem. That’s the most normal and reasonable reaction.”
Daxter nodded seriously.
“I’ll try my best.”
Klein didn’t say anymore and, after some deliberation, he asked, “Has there
been any abnormalities with Hood Eugen’s body recently? For example,
thin scales growing on some parts of his body?”
“Near-insanity,” “true insanity,” and “losing control” were all descriptions
of varying levels for a Beyonder when something was wrong with them.
The least severe of the conditions were when their attitude changed as if
they had become a new person, but were still capable of rational thoughts
and actions. That was “near-insanity.” “Insanity” was more severe in that
the person would lose all logic, becoming a maniac and was difficult to
communicate with. Those that couldn’t be saved were those whose body
and mind had become monsters, completely “losing control.”
Sometimes, if the problem wasn’t dealt with promptly, insanity would lead
to losing control.
Before this, to avoid exposing the informant within the Psychology
Alchemists, Dunn instructed the Nighthawks not to immediately deal with
Hood Eugen. Instead, they switched to surveillance to ensure that Hood
Eugen didn’t lose control. But if there were signs of him losing control,
they would have to deal with him immediately.
Daxter shook his head and let out a bitter laugh.
“No, you can ease your concern. I’m also very afraid that Hood Eugen will
lose control, so I’m paying very close attention to detail. After all, I’m at the
mental asylum six times a week.”
After exchanging a few more words, they left the shooting range ten
minutes apart.
Klein fought back his intense desire to sleep and took a public carriage back
to Daffodil Street.
He opened the door and saw his sister sitting on the sofa. She was neither
reading nor was she fiddling with machinery parts. She was just staring
blankly ahead as if she had lost her soul.
Tapping his molars gently, Klein activated his Spirit Vision and asked,
puzzled, “Melissa, did something happen?”
She looks healthy based on the colors of her aura, not malnourished like
she was before…
Melissa retracted her gaze and pursed her lips, then looked at the kitchen
which was producing some noise.
“Bella has been recommending the way that her family prepares breakfast
back at home, she said that it’s very delicious. I agreed to let her try it out
this morning.”
“What method is that?” Klein had an ominous feeling.
“Cooking all of the leftovers in a pot, then adding water and bread…”
Melissa repeated softly.
T-this is the standard recipe for food of unknown origins… Klein pinched
his forehead.
“And so?”
“We shouldn’t waste food…” Melissa bit her lips and nodded.
Sis, I feel like you are questioning life… Klein cleared his throat and
suppressed his desire to laugh. He then asked, “Where’s Benson?”
“In the bathroom.” Melissa broke free of her daze, as her eyes regained
their luster.
At that moment, he heard the sounds of flushing from the bathroom.
Benson came out with a newspaper in hand.
“My dear Klein, shall we get you a portion of breakfast?”
“No, I’ve already eaten.” Klein shook his head resolutely, feeling lucky that
he arranged to meet Daxter in the morning. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have
gotten Rozanne to buy breakfast for him.
“How regrettable. Otherwise, you would change your views on my culinary
skills and be filled with confidence about it.” Benson let out a self-
deprecating laugh.
At this moment, Melissa noticed something. She turned to look at Klein and
said, “You’re back rather late today.”
Sis, be more innocent and lively. Don’t worry about me all the time… The
state you were in just now was great! Klein immediately smiled.
“I have good news.”
“You passed the examination of the police department and can obtain an
increased salary?” Melissa asked without thinking.
Benson also smiled and nodded.
“…” Klein grabbed his hat and stood at the edge of the living room. He said
in amusement, “How am supposed to surprise you guys like that?”
After that, he added with a dry cough, “Yes, my salary has increased
severalfold.”
He hid his recent increment of four additional pounds a week. He intended
to save up a small piggy bank for himself. After all, he couldn’t just rely on
the money in the unmarked account. Furthermore, mentioning that his
salary had increased severalfold was enough to scare his siblings.
“Six pounds?” Melissa exclaimed in shock, finding it bizarre.
“I really need to change my job.” Benson stroked his hairline.
With the information Klein provided him, he had been putting a lot of effort
into his studies.
Without waiting for Klein to speak, Melissa said with a delighted
expression, “In that case, after deducting our normal expenses, you’ll be
able to save up enough money in two or three years to meet the standards of
a marriageable gentleman. Well, it was Elizabeth who told me about the
standards.”
“…” Klein said at a loss, amused, “That’s something to be considered far
into the future. Shouldn’t we celebrate? I hereby announce that from today
on, our staple food shall become white bread. After my workload decreases,
we shall go try out delicacies from different restaurants.”
Melissa glanced at him, and, as though she did not hear what Klein had
said, she said, “Benson and I are attending Mass at the Saint Selena
Cathedral, do you want to come?”
I am praising the Goddess everyday… Klein laughed.
“I need to catch up on sleep.”
He slept until half past twelve in the afternoon. After he had lunch with
Benson and Melissa, he continued on with his mission of searching all the
houses with red chimneys.
When it was late at night, he sealed his room with spirituality and prepared
to try the ritual for summoning Spirit Guide Daly’s messenger.