Chapter 1350

Wish
Adam turned “His” head and looked at Klein. “His” limpid, light-colored
eyes reflected the face that was stained with blood.
“His” expression remained unchanged, and there was a hint of pity in its
warmth. It was as if a god was looking down upon the world.
Klein smiled at “Him” as his head cracked apart.
This trend on his body caused him to collapse into a pool of blood.
In the pool of blood were his clothing, the blood-soaked stake, and an
ancient mirror.
In the corpse cathedral, in the divine kingdom of Visionary Adam, Klein
had died a strange death.
Adam, dressed in a simple white robe, looked at the scene before “Him”
with gentleness and calmness. It was unknown if “He” had expected it or if
“He” had avoided having any emotions.
In the ancient palace above the fog.
That crazy maggot vortex instantly stopped as they broke apart into
numerous frozen, dead Worms of Spirit.
In the next second, these Worms of Spirit turned illusory as they became
stained with grayish-white as though they had fused into the fog of history.
Then, they came back to life. As they shimmered with a dark glow, they
gathered together.
In just a few seconds, the Worms of Spirit reassembled into a figure. It was
Klein Moretti, who had black hair, brown eyes, and a formal suit.
With the return of the owner of Sefirah Castle, the destroyed mottled table
and the twenty-two high-back chairs rapidly restored to normal. The junk
scattered all over the floor was piled up again.
Klein picked up the Staff of the Stars embedded with various gems and sat
on the seat belonging to The Fool.
The entire space above the gray fog quaked as boundless and mighty
invisible forces surged out.
Klein immediately nodded at the golden figure that occupied Bernadette’s
prayer.
“I will fulfill my promise.”
Genie laughed and said, “It looks like you haven’t inherited ‘His’
cunningness and shamelessness. Very good.”
As soon as “He” said that, the blurry and distorted golden figure rapidly
receded, no longer projecting itself on Bernadette’s prayer light.
“Well done.” As Klein separated a Worm of Spirit to respond to Queen
Mystic’s prayers, he lowered his head and made a wish to himself. “I wish
to be restored to how I was like before tonight.”
When his main body died, he had only taken away the core portion of the
Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristic, leaving behind the remains in
Adam’s corpse cathedral. He was unable to retrieve them.
Of course, Klein still had a large portion of the characteristics in the Worms
of Spirit in his body above the gray fog and the remaining marionettes in
Utopia. Zaratul didn’t need any additional Beyonder characteristics, nor did
“He” want them to end up affecting “His” condition. Therefore, “He” didn’t
directly use the law of convergence of Beyonder characteristics to suck all
the characteristics of the same pathway in Utopia. “He” collected them
using a different method which was relatively slow and would require a
certain amount of time.
After making this wish, Klein summoned the “curtain,” draped it behind
him, and snapped his fingers.
Inside the junk pile, the Seer pathway’s Sequence 9 and 3 Beyonder
characteristics that were separated from the “curtain” previously floated up
at the same time, transforming into pure light dots that drilled into Klein’s
body.
His condition instantly returned to the time when he was almost done
digesting the Miracle Invoker potion. Apart from the lack of a physical
body, he was no different from when he was attacked.
Right on the heels of that, Klein cast his gaze at Utopia, which was closely
connected to him.
…
Inside Utopia, the hooded, black-robed Zaratul, whose face was covered in
white whiskers, stood on the roof of Saint Arianna Cathedral. Beside him
were Roselle Gustav’s, William Augustus’s, and Abomination Suah’s
historical projection. “They” patiently waited for the door to the corpse
cathedral to open and for Gehrman Sparrow to walk out.
He controlled some of “His” marionettes, dealing with a few of the mutated
Utopian marionettes, leaving the remaining portion of marionettes which
remained normal to the end.
At that moment, dense, illusory Spirit Body Threads suddenly floated up
from the rigid Utopian marionettes into an infinitely high height away.
They instantly came to life and turned around, looking at Zaratul and “His”
historical projections.
The pairs of eyes sparkled in the darkness.
At the same time, a huge shadow descended from the faint grayish-white
fog, enveloping the entirety of Utopia.
Zaratul and “His” historical projections instinctively raised “Their” heads
and looked up at the sky that suffused a faint gray fog.
“Sealing is prohibited here.” In the next second, William Augustine’s
historical projection raised the sword in “His” right hand and solemnly
made an announcement.
The shadow that enveloped Utopia immediately shook as many gaps
appeared. It was unable to completely isolate the marionette town from the
outside world.
Roselle Gustav’s historical projection immediately transformed into a
torrent of information that surged towards Klein’s remaining marionettes in
an attempt to interfere with their movements. As for the historical
projection of Abomination Suah, it attacked the shadow that appeared like a
curtain in a bid to expand the corresponding gaps.
Zaratul extended “His” hand and “Grafted” the void in front of “Him” to
another island in the Berserk Sea that “He” had previously fixed.
Following that, as long as “He” took a step forward, “He” would be able to
leave Utopia.
At that moment, Klein’s marionettes snatched the opportunity before the
torrent of information entered their Spirit Bodies. At the same time, they
opened their mouths and chanted in Jotun, “Leodero!”
In the Forsaken Land of the Gods, with the remnant divine powers of a
Tyrant, Klein could directly trigger the power of a deity based on this name
alone, but that wasn’t the case in the outside world. As for whether or not
“He” wanted to punish the fellow for calling out “His” true name, it was
decided by the Lord of Storms.
Klein had his marionettes recite the honorific name at the same time only to
get the Lord of Storms to cast “His” gaze over.
As one of the members of the five pathways of Omnipotence and
Omniscience, the Lord of Storms was probably one of the true deities that
didn’t wish for Adam’s plot to succeed. If Amon became the Lord of the
Mysteries, the King of Space-Time, this Tyrant would be in a very
dangerous situation. “He” would have to constantly worry that the son of
the Creator would deal with “Him” and help Adam or the True Creator to
ascend to the position of the Lord of the Astral World.
Therefore, compared to the Evernight Goddess and Earth Mother, Lord of
Storms, Eternal Blazing Sun, and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom were
probably the existences who didn’t wish to see Adam and Amon succeed.
If there was a chance, Klein planned on getting his marionettes to continue
shouting “Aucuses” and “Herabergen”!
Utopia’s surroundings instantly turned gloomy, as if it contained the
indescribable wrath of nature.
Before Zaratul could take that step, the night sky instantly produced
different colors of lightning. They bared their fangs and brandished their
claws as they wantonly expanded. They seemed to envelop the entire sky in
a sea of lightning.
Boom! Boom! Before the deafening sounds could be heard, the lightning
blasted like a torrential rain at Utopia.
…
The Rorsted Archipelago, New City of Silver, the top of the spire.
Derrick Berg, who was looking at the source of the earthquake, heard the
sound of doors and windows opening at the same time. Furthermore, it
repeated thousands of times.
Although it didn’t bring him any direct danger, the bizarre change still made
Derrick very wary.
With some hesitation, he prepared to seek out the current Chief, Waite
Chirmont, and suggest using the god-level Sealed Artifact, Proof of Glory.
He wanted to first protect the New City of Silver and the nearby New Moon
City. Then, he decided to pray to Mr. Fool based on the progress of the
anomaly.
Just as he turned around and walked to the door, Waite Chirmont, who had a
dark-blue symbol engraved on his head, walked out from the corridor’s
light. He said in a deep voice, “The seal underground has failed.”
The seal has failed… Derrick instinctively believed that it had something to
do with the anomaly in Blue Mountain Island.
Compared to doors and windows opening, the consequences of the seal’s
failure were extremely terrifying!
“Immediately use the Proof of Glory!” Derrick said without hesitation.
This was a god-level Sealed Artifact that could be used for a short period of
time. It had once helped the City of Silver avert repeated disasters in the
Forsaken Land of the Gods, allowing them to persist until the present era
and obtain salvation.
Derrick’s thoughts were very clear. He was using the Proof of Glory to
suppress the other god-level Sealed Artifact—Gift of the Land. The
suppression effect would soon affect the saint-level Sealed Artifacts that
would have negative effects on the surroundings.
Waite Chirmont didn’t say anything else. He immediately made up his mind
and brought Derrick underground using the light as concealment.
Proof of Glory required at least two saints before it could be utilized. This
was also the reason why Waite Chirmont didn’t immediately head
underground and came to find Derrick first. Of course, if he wanted to make
use of it simply, there were tricks to do so, but he had to be prepared in
advance to brand the corresponding mark on his body.
…
Bayam, Cathedral of Waves.
A bolt of lightning shot into Alger Wilson’s room, turning into a hurried
voice.
“Your Eminence, most of the underground seals have failed! Only certain
items remain in a balanced state thanks to their effects!”
Alger’s brows twitched as he combined it with the phenomena of opening
doors and windows in Bayam City happening at the same time. He sensed
that something was amiss.
He immediately said to the void, “All of you immediately form groups of
three. Take out the Grade 2 and 3 Sealed Artifacts that won’t cause
immediate danger, or those with living characteristics from underground to
prevent any chain reactions.”
This way, the underground area would become uninhabited. The dangerous
Sealed Artifacts wouldn’t be able to cause casualties within a short period
of time.
With the passage of time, when the anomaly of the seals losing their effects
passed, the Mandated Punishers would have the time to deal with the items.
However, the premise was that they hadn’t lost control of the three Grade 1
Sealed Artifacts.
Once there was a problem with them, the negative effects would soon affect
the entirety of Bayam.
However, with the seal no longer working, it was very difficult for the three
items to remain without problems.
The first thought that flashed through Alger’s mind was to bring along the
one whose negative effects had the greatest range. Then, using his own
powers to make temporary restrictions, he would fly to the sea and away
from Bayam.
This wasn’t too dangerous for him for a short period of time. After all, he
was a demigod. The biggest problem was that the remaining two Grade 1
Sealed Artifacts would undoubtedly cause serious damage to Bayam.
At least I did my best… Alger felt that this method was safe and could
handle the subsequent investigations from the Church of the Lord of
Storms. It was pretty good.
His gaze subconsciously looked out of the window. It corresponded to the
few schools and the workhouses near the cathedral.
Alger retracted his gaze and fell silent for two seconds before sighing. He
continued, “Leave the rest to me.”
His words transformed into electric waves that transformed into silver
lightning that flew underground.