Chapter 1286

New Applications of Old Methods
A real opportunity… Pasha, Biles, and Phil were delighted to hear this. It
was as if they had finally seen the light after searching for a long time in the
dark night.
“What kind of opportunity?” Roy blurted out from his dazed state.
Klein wasn’t in a rush. He smiled and said, “Did you guys not notice?
“There is no clear indication on the notice of who the enforcer is.”
As a keyboard warrior in the past, Klein had always claimed to be a jack of
all trades. Furthermore, he had interacted with many lawyers in his life and
had an Earl of The Fallen marionette before. He had the basic foundation
needed when it came to the law and rules.
That’s right, the announcement only mentioned a new consul, and it’s not
clear who the enforcer is. We encountered an invisible justiciar
previously… Pasha and the others revealed a thoughtful expression.
Upon seeing this, Klein reached out his hand and stroked the surface of the
magic mirror as though he was combing an animal.
“Under normal circumstances, everyone has tacitly acknowledged that the
police and the authorities responsible for dealing with supernatural cases
enforced the law. This is confirmed through a series of legal documents or
the corresponding public knowledge. But this time, the rules haven’t
reached such an airtight level.
“If we say that the rules are built on a blank slate composed of the original
laws, directives, and rules, then we should’ve seen the police, the
Nighthawks, or the Mandated Punishers when we committed crimes, but
that’s not the case.
“In other words, the corresponding enforcer is indeed vague.”
Pasha, who was the most knowledgeable among the four Beyonders,
thought for a moment before saying, “Perhaps, the law enforcer is an
abstract concept. Or perhaps, it is tacitly equivalent to the new consul.”
“The latter isn’t clear either. It doesn’t make it clear who the new consul is.
This way, it can be anyone. The former isn’t obliged to make it known…”
Klein simply replied.
Phil frowned and said, “But we can’t enforce the law like the citizens.”
“The corresponding authority is determined by eliminating groups via
labels,” Klein explained with a smile. “Foreigners are targets of
ostracization and pursuit, so they obviously lack the required law
enforcement rights. As for the citizens, they only have it when dealing with
foreigners. This is confirmed through the notice.”
Without waiting for Roy and Biles to speak, Klein continued, “So, I just
used the contradiction hidden in this matter to get Roy to test it. The result
is exactly as I predicted.
“First of all, the magic mirror isn’t a foreign living being, neither is it a
local. It’s just an item with a certain level of intelligence. It cannot be
placed into any particular group. This way, in a situation where the law
enforcer isn’t clear, those who aren’t part of the elimination process have
the right to enforce the law.
“Secondly, it had punished a foreigner. Those notices imply that ‘all who
deal with foreigners are law enforcers.’
“Finally, the magic mirror itself has the rules of punishment. Before this
rule is announced to be illegal, it has the right to punish others.
“Based on the three points above, I believe that 0-02 should be in a lot of
conflict right now. Next, it will definitely issue a new law to clearly
determine the main body of law enforcement, to mend the loopholes in this
area. Once the main body of the law enforcement is revealed, it will contain
a lot of information. It will help us lock onto the target.
“Heh heh, if 0-02 uses a method of adding prohibitions, it will definitely
restrict itself, as it shares the same attributes as the mirror. This is definitely
not its first choice.”
At that moment, Roy, Pasha, and the others, who were listening to Klein’s
recount, suddenly had the feeling that he was a knowledgeable and highly
intelligent person.
Could it be that Mr. Magician is a wise man who likes to travel among the
commoners in legends? The four Beyonders each made similar but different
guesses.
At this moment, the magic mirror in Klein’s hand emitted a misty aqueous
light.
Amidst the aqueous light, the silver mirror’s surface showed the
noticeboard.
Two more lines appeared on the bottom of the original piece of paper:
“All law enforcement must be carried out by the Trunsoest Brass Book or
the group it authorizes.
“Any private rules can’t surpass the official decree.”
Trunsoest Brass Book… This is the full name of 0-02? The opportunity is
here! Klein’s expression turned serious as he entered Cogitation.
He had forced 0-02 to clarify the main law enforcement to obtain more
information so as to further understand the situation of the terrifying Sealed
Artifact.
And based on Klein’s deduction, 0-02 was more or less related to a
particular sefirah, just like how he was back when he had yet to become the
owner of Sefirah Castle.
Therefore, furthering his understanding of it would inevitably result in
reverse corruption, thereby establishing a certain connection.
To a certain extent, the sefirah was equivalent to a Great Old One, Outer
Deity, or the Cosmos!
Back then, Klein had used such mysticism knowledge to lock onto the
location of Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar. Now, he was using it in the opposite
direction.
From his point of view, 0-02 was definitely more corrupted by a sefirah
than him. After all, Sealed Artifacts were in a state of having lost control.
This was why they needed to be sealed.
Under such circumstances, further understanding of 0-02 would result in
corruption.
The reality proved Klein’s hypothesis!
And it was also because of this danger that he didn’t show the new content
presented by Arrodes to the four Beyonders.
In Cogitation, Klein quickly sensed that he had an invisible connection with
a certain spot. The indescribable corruption was surging over.
Ding!
At the same time he flicked out a gold coin, he used Sefirah Castle’s aura to
cut off the connection and isolate the corruption.
Immediately after, a clear image appeared in his mind.
Klein grabbed the gold coin with his left hand. After the glove suddenly
turned transparent, he instantly vanished from the room and appeared in a
hall filled with bookshelves.
On the side of the hall with floor-to-ceiling windows, there were many long
rectangular tables. On one of them was a book bound by thin brass sheets.
I’ve found you! A smile appeared on Klein’s face.
He made use of the brief connection to do a divination. Then, he relied on
the attraction between sefirot, to make the “Teleportation” become
abnormally precise!
The law of convergence between sefirot would allow Klein to accidentally
enter the library and discover the brass book. However, it might’ve
happened two days later, two weeks later, or even two years later. It
wouldn’t happen in time to stop anything. Furthermore, this was under the
prerequisite that 0-02 didn’t do any corresponding interference or avoidance
measures.
Pa!
The clothes on Klein’s back suddenly cracked as blood-red strokes
appeared.
This was a punishment for trespassing into a public area.
Whipping!
Thankfully, this crime is very light… And I won’t be punished for this
crime for the next one or two minutes. The rules will give the trespasser
time to withdraw… Klein immediately reached out and grabbed a few times
in the void.
He didn’t really pull out the figure of the ascetic leader, Arianna. This was
because, to a noncommittal “person,” a historical projection was a form of
fraud. He only used this method to send his location information to the
Servant of Concealment.
Due to the same reason, Klein dispersed the glove on his left hand.
During this process, the brass book started flipping and displayed the rules:
“When one’s rationality drops to 20% of its original value, there would be
signs of losing control…
“… Scholar of Yore has the ability to summon Historical Void projections.
The success rate of summoning depends on the familiarity and friendliness
of the target…
“…
“…The Trunsoest Brass Book is the most precious item. No living being is
permitted to touch it. Those in violation are to be sentenced to death!
“…One is not allowed to change the condition of the Trunsoest Brass Book
in any way. Those in violation are to be sentenced to death!
“…”
The rules made Klein’s eyelids twitch. He felt his rationality constantly
dropping.
This caused the Primordial One’s mental brand in his body to become more
active.
The first part of the rules is presented in grayish-black, as though it’s in a
state that can’t be changed… This requires 0-02 to awaken further? If it
awakens to the extent of changing the rules in front, it’ll be very terrifying.
It might even reduce the success rate of my summonings, causing
Beyonders to show signs of losing control if their rationality falls a little…
This, with this we’ve fixed the problem of this variant of a Seer being too
strong? As expected of 0-02. It fully lives up to its serial number…
The text behind is presented in silver… Does this mean that the rules can be
altered or enhanced?
I can’t touch it. I can’t change its state. That also means that I can’t take it
away, nor can I directly “Conceal” this Sealed Artifact… Perhaps I can use
the Staff of the Stars or the Box of the Great Old Ones to directly move this
library into the cosmos and let 0-02 face those Outer Deities… But if the
Outer Deities were to grasp this Sealed Artifact, the problem might be
greater than it is now… Klein hesitated for a moment and didn’t risk
summoning his Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.
The next second, he heard a “smacking” sound.
The figure of Arianna’s simple linen robe and tree bark belt was quickly
outlined at his side. She was lashed by an invisible whip, leaving behind an
obvious bloody mark.
“The first problem has been resolved. Now, we need to consider the second
problem. That is how to seal this fellow,” Klein said as he made haste.
It wouldn’t be long before he would suffer a second punishment.
Arianna shook “Her” head.
“The corresponding information has been destroyed. We can only resolve it
through trial and error.”
That’s a little dangerous… We don’t know, but someone definitely knows…
Klein’s heart stirred as he made his Spirit Body leave his body and enter the
spirit world.
Through the invisible barrier created by 0-02, he said to the Church of the
God of Combat’s chief shepherd, Larrion, who was waiting for the curtain
to disappear,
“Perhaps we can make a deal.”
“You want the method to seal 0-02?” Larrion turned around and chuckled.
“Do you think I’ll agree?”
“Actually, I’m very puzzled. Why must you sacrifice yourself for the fallen
God of Combat? By joining the Church of Evernight, you can still be an
angel, and you can also receive blessings. You can also live for a very long
time,” Klein didn’t directly respond as he said.
Larrion’s expression darkened as he said, “A Mythical Creature without any
pious faith wouldn’t be able to understand me.”
…As an evil god, isn’t it normal for me to not be devout? Klein couldn’t
help but mutter inwardly.
This was his humanity.