Chapter 1047

: Brainstorm
“Good morning, where’s Mr. Dantes?” Audrey smiled politely as she asked
the young male valet that was of Loen and East Balam descent.
Enuni bowed and said, “He went to the washroom and will be back soon.
Honorable lady, do you wish to wait here?”
“Alright.” Audrey found a single-seater and sat dowoi with all sorts of
thoughts running through her mind.
Frankly speaking, if she only had to deal with Hvin Rambis, she had
already come up with a concrete plan. It was to hypnotize herself in
advance. When Hvin Rambis came to gather feedback, she would activate
the The World Gehrman Sparrow’s charm without any ill intent. Then, she
would work with the crazy adventurer to hunt the demigod.
Humph, in order to ensure that there aren’t any problems, I can also make a
request to Ma’am Hermit for help. She’s already a demigod and can lurk in
the darkness. She can then combine forces with Mr. World at the critical
moment. That way, Hvin Rambis likely wouldn’t be able to escape…
Audrey pursed her lips as she held back from grinding her teeth.
As for how The Hermit was to come to Backlund, she didn’t find it
problematic. She could rent Leymano’s Travels and get Mr. World to record
Teleport before requesting Mr. Fool to pass it to her.
But this way, even if Hvin Rambis didn’t manage to escape, the Psychology
Alchemists would have ample reason to suspect that the murderer was the
last person the demigod had interacted with—Audrey herself.
And this means that there would be countless troubles in the future…
Audrey’s eyes shifted slightly as she tried hard to calm herself down.
At that moment, the white-sideburned and elegant Dwayne Dantes returned
from the washroom. He smiled and greeted the noble lady who was waiting
for him.
After letting his valet, Enuni, guard the door, this tycoon looked around
before finally turning his gaze to Audrey.
You seem to have encountered some difficulty?”
Audrey didn’t interpret Mr. World’s actions and replied frankly, “Yes…”
She gave a description of what she had encountered and said, “What should
I do to solve the problem?”
What she really meant was how she could avoid leaving behind any
remnant problems for the future.
Klein smiled and said, “Why don’t you discuss it with the two ladies?”
That’s right! like Mr. Moon, we can request for a private mini-gathering…
Oh, Judgment Xio, The Magician Fors will definitely participate. Apart
from them, I can also invite Mr. World, Mr. Hanged Man, Ma’am Hermit,
Mr. Moon—uh, I can count him out… Audrey felt excited for some baffling
reason.
At this moment, she felt as though she wasn’t fighting alone.
“I understand.” Audrey nodded with a smile.
She then thought of another problem and quickly took the opportunity to
ask, “Hvin Rambis has made me no longer reject the princes and praise
them in front of my parents. What’s his motive?”
Klein thought for a moment and said, “Perhaps it’s to show some kind of
friendliness on the surface. It’s to rope in your father and make a hint to the
Church of Evernight behind him. Regardless of the king’s secret, whether it
succeeds or not, he will definitely need at least one orthodox Church’s
support so as to reduce the opposing forces.”
“Is that so…” Audrey didn’t really reject Mr. World’s explanation. This was
the politics she was familiar with if she stripped off the outer shell that
involved Beyonder powers.
She didn’t stay any longer and returned to her own office. After settling her
daily affairs, she grasped her afternoon break and prayed to Mr. Fool and
applied for a mini-gathering to be convened.
Above the endless grayish-white fog, dark red beams rose up around the
long bronze table.
Audrey looked around, stood up, and curtsied to the other members.
“Everyone, I have something I wish to hear from you.”
“It sounds urgent,” Alger nodded gently and replied.
Audrey sat down and said, “Yes.”
She then looked at Xio and Fors.
“I met Hvin Rambis this morning. He hypnotized me to do two things for
him and to forget his appearance.
“Fortunately, I was quite careful and cautious. I quickly discovered
something odd, and thanks to Mr. Fool’s blessings, I remembered
everything.
“One of the things Hvin Rambis asked me to do was to arrange for a
meeting with Miss Magician and Miss Judgment and take the opportunity to
hypnotize them. I’ll then obtain intel on the instigator for the actions they
had recently taken and also get them to leave Backlund as quickly as
possible.”
What? Fors was originally worried about Miss Justice’s safety, but she
never expected things to make one rotation before coming back at her and
Xio!
To think they targeted Miss Audrey. It’s really hard to guard against them!
She’s targeted by a demigod… After a moment of shock, Fors felt more
astonished and afraid.
She couldn’t help but look at her friend and saw Xio sitting calmly, but her
hands had unconsciously clenched into fists.
Cattleya didn’t understand something as she frowned and asked, “The
Psychology Alchemists, or should I say Hvin Rambis, discovered that Miss
Judgment and Miss Judgment are members of our Tarot Club?”
This was a very serious and crucial matter.
Audrey shook her head and said, “No, it’s only because I know them in the
real world.”
At that moment, she no longer tried to hide her identity from Fors and Xio.
In fact, ever since Xio joined the club and obtained the Judgment card,
Audrey knew that she would be exposed sooner or later. Through repeated
observations, she had confirmed that her two friends had already guessed it,
but they tacitly didn’t expose her.
“You know them?” Cattleya asked in surprise as she adjusted her heavy
glasses.
Audrey nodded.
“Yes, they were actually recommended by me. Mr. Hanged Man can
testify…”
Ah? Didn’t we chant Mr. Fool’s honorific name because we wanted to save
ourselves and get pulled in here? How did it become a recommendation
process? Fors looked at Miss Justice blankly before glancing at Xio, her
face blank and confused.
Xio also had that rare, similar expression because the word “recommended”
had exceeded what she knew as well as her speculations.
Audrey felt a little embarrassed. She blinked and explained to her two
friends:
“Because all of you have your own special qualities, and I also hoped that
the Tarot Club will develop and expand, I recommended the two of you to
Mr. Fool. However, this was just a chance for you. If you hadn’t passed Mr.
Fool’s test, ‘He’ wouldn’t have pulled you in.”
Test? What kind of test did I undergo? Fors was still confused. As for Xio,
she thought of many things, especially the origins of the paper that had Mr.
Fool’s honorific name, as well as her frantic search for an exorcism.
No wonder I had an inkling that they knew each other… No wonder Miss
Judgment only entered the club after so long. This was probably due to their
different individual experiences… Each of them has their own specialties.
This “specialty” is the selection criteria? Do I have one? Cattleya came to a
realization as she came up with a theory.
Upon seeing this, Alger, who had some level of judgment regarding this,
wasn’t at all surprised as he chuckled and said, “We can talk about this in
the future. Miss Justice, the problem you would like to ask about is how to
deal with Hvin Rambis?”
“Yes.” Audrey returned to the topic and asked seriously, “If we not only
have to deal with Hvin Rambis’ but aW the Psychology Alchemists from
suspecting me, what should I do?”
Alger didn’t have any experience in dealing with a demigod, so all he could
do was rely on his insight that had been built up over the years. He
deliberated and said, “Lock onto the whereabouts of Hvin Rambis. Only
take action after he has interacted with someone else?”
“How do I lock onto him?” Audrey asked the question herself before giving
the answer. “After getting the answer from Miss Judgment and Miss
Magician, I’ll wait until Hvin Rambis leaves after I meet him again. Then,
I’ll recite Mr. Fool’s honorific name and ask ‘Him’ to cast ‘His’ gaze on the
demigod?”
Theoretically it’s possible. My true vision above the gray fog has a radius of
nearly ten kilometers. As long as Hvin Rambis doesn’t know Teleport, I can
confirm his location and trajectory for a short period of time. Then, I can
return to the real world and directly “Teleport” over. Hmm, this will require
the help of divination… But the problem is that it requires The Fool to
personally intervene… As The World Gehrman Sparrow, Klein said in a
hoarse voice, “Let me remind you of something. Miss Judgment and Miss
Magician had mentioned Adam in the real world. The Psychology
Alchemists originated from the ruins of Hermes who is a member of the
Twilight Hermit Order. And Mr. Fool doesn’t wish to be at odds with the
Twilight Hermit Order because of this matter. Even if we were to do
anything, we must try not to let the other party know.”
This string of words contained a lot of information that made Alger,
Cattleya, and the rest feel like they were seriously experiencing a literal
brainstorm. Xio and Fors were even more shocked.
So that organization is called the Twilight Hermit Order… Mr. Fool doesn’t
want to be its enemy over this matter. Is it because “He” had just finished
collaborating with the Angel of Imagination Adam over the matter of Ince
Zangwill? I never expected the Psychology Alchemists to be related to the
Twilight Hermit Order… Wait, Hermes? H-he’s still alive? He’s actually a
member of the Twilight Hermit Order? Th-the members of this organization
are really unimaginably important figures? Alger first glanced at Gehrman
Sparrow before failing to resist the urge to look at Cattleya.
He realized that the latter was equally shocked without hiding it.
“The Twilight Hermit Order… Is this the ancient secret organization that
Emperor Roselle joined?” Cattleya mumbled to herself as if she was
seeking confirmation.
Gehrman Sparrow gave the answer:
“Yes.
“After you return to the real world, it’s best if you don’t think about matters
like this again. You’ll easily be detected. If you don’t trust yourself, you can
get Miss Justice to give you some psychological cues.”