Chapter 1014

: 1014 The Growing Group
1014 The Growing Group
“Alright,” Emlyn replied very calmly.
Marie didn’t speak further as his figure vanished.
He knew that it was impossible to come up with a specific plan in an
instant. Emlyn White had to first seek the opinion of the upper echelons of
the Sanguine; therefore, he didn’t stay.
This might be a chance for me to obtain godhood and become an Earl…
Emlyn smiled as he watched the Wraith, Marie, leave silently.
He had yet to digest the Scarlet Scholar Beyonder characteristic. The so-
called opportunity to become an Earl referred to the promise of obtaining a
free ritual and the corresponding potion formula.
The carriage continued forward and stopped at the entrance of the Harvest
Church. Emlyn looked at the grayish-white fog in the sky with a look of
satisfaction, pressed down on his silk top hat, and unhurriedly alighted the
carriage before entering the cathedral’s door.
After changing into his brown priest robe, he picked up a cloth and a pail of
water and began seriously wiping the surface of the candle stands.
After Father Utravsky, who appeared taller, finished his morning sermon,
Emlyn stopped working and grumbled, “Why was Ernes allowed to
return?”
“He only requested to do a month of volunteer work.” Father Utravsky
wasn’t annoyed by Emlyn’s repeated question from time to time, appearing
extremely patient.
Upon thinking of his encounter, Emlyn immediately felt indignant. He
couldn’t help but mumble, “He was forced to do volunteer work, not out of
his own accord. He can’t be allowed to decide on the period. He needs to
serve at least half a year!”
Father Utravsky replied with a smile, “He did well. He worked hard the
entire month, guiding the devotees and copying the bible. I could clearly
sense that he had already realized the value of life and the joy of the
harvest.”
Emlyn’s facial muscles twitched slightly.
“Is he also—no, is he soon going to become a believer of Earth Mother?”
“No, I didn’t force him to change his faith,” Father Utravsky said gently. “I
only taught him the teachings of Earth Mother and to sense the traces and
fragments that life brings. I hope that he will recall the home for the soul,
the mother’s embrace, whenever he feels lost.”
Emlyn’s lips quivered, but he ultimately didn’t say a word. He lowered his
head and continued wiping.
In an apartment in Cherwood Borough.
Fors sat on a high-back chair, her gaze focused on an empty glass bottle on
the desk in front of her.
She had finally digested the Astrologer potion some time ago. Today, under
Xio’s watch, she had concocted the Asmann’s brain and the ancient wraith’s
cursed item into the Scribe potion. She mustered her courage and drank it.
At this moment, she felt her brain rapidly expanding. The grand folds and
white matter rapidly increased as her body gradually blurred, separating
into individual cells.
Those cells formed a haloed “door” that circled her brain.
Fors subtly heard the familiar ravings, but they were indistinct and blurry,
preventing her from identifying the exact words at all. To the experienced
her, it didn’t affect her in any way.
After an unknown period of time, Fors finally regained control over her
brain and cells and could sense her body’s existence.
Almost at the same time, a large amount of knowledge resonated in her
mind, making her understand how to use the powers of a Scribe.
The mutated “brain” reproduced the Beyonder powers used by the target
before driving a portion of the vitalized cells to form corresponding
symbols, patterns, and labels for complete storage.
This was “I came, I saw, I record,” which used one’s soul as a pen and one’s
Spirit Body as the paper!
At present, I can only record one Beyonder power that has the influence of
godhood. The higher the target’s Sequence, the higher the chances of my
failure. Even targeted at Sequence 4,1 might not be able to succeed even
once in ten attempts… I can record eight Sequence 5 and 6 Beyonder
powers, and the effects are half of the original. I can record twenty
Sequence 7 to Sequence 9 Beyonder powers with their effects being almost
like the original… When the potion is digested further, I’ll enjoy an
enhancement in all these aspects… Fors concluded the knowledge and her
experiences before silently muttering to herself.
This appeared to overlap with Leymano’s Travels, but Fors felt that no one
would ever find having too many Beyonder powers being excessive.
Besides, the two were complementary. After all, she could rent Leymano’s
Travels to other Tarot Club members and be paid with Beyonder powers.
However, she was unable to rent herself out.
At Sequence 6, an Apprentice finally has sufficient combat strength! Fors
reined in her thoughts as she sighed to Xio.
She then took a pen and paper and began writing a letter:
“Dear Teacher, “I’m very pleased to inform you that I’ve finally become a
Scribe. I’m just one step away from my dreams of ‘Traveling’…”
After writing a few sentences, she saw Xio stand up and walk towards the
door from the corner of her eye. She hurriedly shouted at her, “Hey,
shouldn’t we head to a restaurant to celebrate?”
Xio replied in a stern manner, “Your overflowing spirituality is rather
serious. You’ll need several days of Cogitation to keep it under control. Uh,
you aren’t allowed to smoke or drink. Don’t overly indulge yourself in your
emotions.”
After the advice, she added, “I still have commissions to do. I almost have
enough to exchange for the Judge formula.”
“…Alright.” Fors threw up her hands.
After leaving the house, Xio unlocked the chains and got onto a bicycle
specially created for youths. She then rode towards Hillston Borough.
According to the intelligence she had previously obtained, Viscount
Stratford had reserved lunch at a luxurious restaurant.
Upon reaching the restaurant, Xio secured the bike to a street lamp and
found a secluded comer to observe the people passing by.
After an unknown period of time, a carriage drove through the thin fog.
There was a coat of arms with a flower and two rings engraved on it.
Xio’s focus intensified as she watched the carriage stop at the restaurant’s
entrance. She then saw the grizzled Viscount Stratford, who was in his
forties, get off first. He then extended his hand to the passenger behind him
like a gentleman.
It was a lady draped in a dark red cloak.
Xio couldn’t see the lady’s face and only noticed that the lady’s jaw was
soft and her skin fair.
On the Blue Avenger at the Northern Sonia Sea.
Alger Wilson’s feet left the ground as he floated behind the window of the
captain’s cabin. He stared at the deck and distant waves outside.
Having already digested a portion of the Ocean Songster potion, he had
reported to the Church of Storms two weeks ago and had accumulated
enough contribution points to obtain a Wind-blessed potion and
successfully consumed it. This also meant that he was officially a Sequence
6. Of course, he had to redigest the Wind-blessed potion, but that wasn’t too
difficult.
The biggest problem is that the commotion created from digesting the
Ocean Songster is too obvious… I should’ve bought that Word of the Sea
and blamed the singing on it every time… Alger sighed silently, but he
didn’t feel too much regret. This was because even if he wanted to buy it
back then, he didn’t have the money for it.
Furthermore, he had figured out the way to digest the Ocean Songster
potion.
I should be able to get the information soon and confirm who that Feysac
navy officer that Mr. Fool wishes to investigate is… Alger retracted his
gaze and floated back to the desk where there was a brass sextant.
At this moment, two sailors passed by the deck while belching.
“There seem to be sirens in these waters. I always hear their singing at
night…” one of the sailors said in uncertainty.
His companion sneered.
“How is that possible? How can a siren sound so bad?
“It must be some noise produced by some sea monster!”
City of Silver, in the training field which wasn’t as crowded compared to
during “daytime.”
A pile of blue ice was stacked there like a small mountain.
Derrick didn’t bring his weapon with him as he stood empty-handed in front
of the mountain of ice, piously praying, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to
this era…”
After chanting the honorific name and making his request, he looked at the
Chief of the six-member council, Colin Iliad, walk towards the ice blocks
from afar.
Colin, with two swords on his back, carried a bottle of light-emitting and
hot golden liquid. He watched as Derrick exerted his strength to enter the
ice block and bury himself inside completely without leaving a single crack.
A deep and hazy darkness descended. Even with the lightning streaking
across the sky, it was unable to illuminate the interior.
In the blink of an eye, an indescribable surge appeared as though pairs of
eyes were cast over from the depths of the darkness.
Colin Iliad could clearly sense that Derrick was in a deep slumber. Even
though Derrick was being frozen in ice that normally didn’t melt and his
body was trembling, he didn’t wake up.
Without any hesitation, he threw the potion bottle ahead of him. A wraith-
like transparent figure floated above and enveloped it.
This figure passed through the blue ice and came to the cramped space
where Derrick was. It took out the potion and placed it by Derrick’s mouth.
Just as this action was done, it immediately retreated and left the ice blocks.
Whoosh!
Colin Iliad suddenly drew his sword and cleaved behind him to his right. A
monster, whose rotting body was covered in eyes, burst out into yellow pus.
It wasn’t known where it came from!
At this moment, Colin saw a radiant light emerge from the pile of blue ice.
They scattered pure light, with a burning intensity, warmth, brightness, and
vitality that was different from the surrounding lightning.
This filled Colin’s eyes as if the light had come from the Dark Ages.
This City of Silver Chief watched intently and was motionless for a long
time until another monster emerged from the darkness.
In the ancient palace above the fog.
Little Sun is at Sequence 5 too… Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he cast his
eyes at the crimson star representing The Sun and cast it to another star.
That signified Miss Justice. Over the past month or so, she had completed
many of the Psychology Alchemists’ missions and had exchanged her
contribution for the Dreamwalker’s potion formula.
This also meant that she was about to meet Hvin Rambis again.