Chapter 1048

: Real and Fake Spy1
In the ancient palace above the gray fog, with The World Gehrman
Sparrow’s words coming to an end, no one spoke for a moment. The entire
place was silent.
The Psychology Alchemists are cooperating with the king’s faction and are
investigating Xio and I. The founding of the Psychology Alchemists
originated from the discovery of a Hermes ruins, and Hermes is a member
of the Twilight Hermit Order. Its leader happens to be Angel of Imagination
Adam… And Xio and I had mentioned Adam in the real world… This…
We’re in the sights of a King of Angels? Th-th-this… In the world of
mysticism, just a slight mistake can result in such dangerous circumstances?
Fors’s mind was filled with Gehrman Sparrow’s warnings as she was
gripped by horror and panic.
Although she had experienced many things in the past, she had never had
such a clear realization of the thorny path Beyonders tread. Any mistakes
could lead to a terrible consequence.
…I have to be more cautious in the future… Of course, the premise is that I
can survive under the watch of King of Angels Adam. May Mr. Fool bless
me! Fors seriously reflected on the matter and silently prayed.
Xio also didn’t expect her situation to be so perilous. She didn’t expect that
something like this would involve a King of Angels. She couldn’t help but
feel horrified and fearful, but she had already decided to sacrifice herself for
the truth. She rapidly calmed down, but couldn’t help but shoot a glance at
The Magician, feeling guilty for pulling her good friend into this
conundrum.
At this point in time, crying and feeling remorse won’t solve the problem
anymore. All I can do is try my best to keep Fors alive at the critical
moment… Fortunately, there’s still Mr. Fool’s blessings… Xio cast her gaze
at Justice Audrey as she thought to herself.
“Then what should we do next?”
She had mixed feelings towards Miss Justice’s recommendation. On the one
hand, she knew that Audrey thought highly of the Tarot Club and had
recommended her purely out of good intentions. On the other hand, she felt
that she had gained the notice of a secret existence for no good reason.
Thankfully, it was Mr. Fool, or she would’ve died a tragic death long ago.
Even her soul wouldn’t be able to receive deliverance.
Well, I guess it’s because I voluntarily chanted Mr. Fool’s honorific name
that I was dragged into it. There wasn’t any coercion. Ultimately, I’m sitting
here of my own volition. It has nothing to do with Miss Justice. Also, if it
weren’t for her recommendation, I might never have such an opportunity to
grow stronger to seek out the truth… Xio pursed her lips as she furtively
took a deep breath.
Justice Audrey knew about the relationship between the Twilight Hermit
Order, Hermes, and Adam, so she was the calmest one there. She just never
expected that Fors and Xio’s casual mention of the Angel of Imagination
had garnered “His” attention.
This made her have an unprecedented awareness of the horror behind the
words “any mention of it will be known.”
After some deliberation, Audrey looked at The World Gehrman Sparrow
and tried to interpret his words.
“Does Mr. Fool mean that ‘He’ doesn’t want to directly make an enemy of
the Twilight Hermit Order at the moment? Does that mean that it can be
done indirectly?”
Klein nodded slightly and said, “That should be the case.”
“Does it involve interfering with divination, one’s attention, and
prophecies?” Audrey asked.
At this mini-gathering, The World Gehrman Sparrow represented the will of
The Fool.
Klein laughed and hoarsely said, “Perhaps a little more indirect.”
He answered vaguely because The Fool hadn’t thought of what to do either.
Their conversation seemed to inspire Alger. He looked at Justice, The
Magician, and Judgment, one after another. “Which of you is a believer of
the Evernight Goddess?”
He was almost certain that at least one of the three ladies believed in the
Evernight Goddess. After all, among the people of Loen and the residents of
Backlund, the standards for women, and those who had been educated,
these filtered out most of the believers of other deities.
“I am,” Xio said without hiding anything.
Audrey raised her hand slightly.
Seeing this, Alger nodded slightly.
“We can try to mislead someone and make it seem like the Church of
Evernight did something against Hvin Rambis, not the Tarot club.”
As he said this, Alger skillfully changed the pronoun he used to refer to the
group. He was only invited to be a “consultant” and wouldn’t actually be
involved in the matter. He should’ve said “you” should do this and that, but
he had chosen to use “we.”
Pushing the blame to the Church of Evernight… This line of thought seems
really familiar… Klein in his The World Gehrman Sparrow’s manifestation
suddenly found it amusing.
Then how should the misdirection be done?” Audrey’s eyes shifted slightly
as she hurriedly asked.
Alger looked around and said, “Hvin Rambis only hypnotized you to not
seek blessings and sit in key spots at the Church of Evernight’s Mass where
you can be cleansed to a certain degree. But he didn’t ask you to avoid the
Church of Evernight’s archbishop. You can use this to create an opportunity.
Meet the archbishop; of course, there’s no need to say anything. This way,
when Hvin Rambis dies or vanishes, the Psychology Alchemists will most
probably suspect that the Church of Evemight had detected something
wrong with you and had set up a trap.”
Without waiting for Miss Justice to respond, he looked at Xio.
“After you’re hypnotized but before you leave Backlund, head to the
nearest Church of the Evernight Goddess and pray seriously. Act like a spy
sent by the Church of Evernight to infiltrate the Tarot Club. This will
misdirect the Psychology Alchemists into believing that the matters
pertaining to Hvin Rambis were done by the Tarot Club, but was in fact a
smokescreen. The true mastermind behind all of this is the Church of
Evemight…”
Acting like a spy in the Tarot Club that was sent by the Church of
Evernight… Well… Klein felt a little guilty.
He was a genuine Blessed of Evernight!
And Leonard was a genuine Red Glove!
It should be said that the Tarot Club’s convener and host, Mr. Fool, also
draws the crimson moon on his chest… Klein muttered in amusement and
helplessness. As a result, he was also rather inspired.
“This can only fool typical Beyonders. Without the blessings of Mr. Fool’s
Angel, the higher-ups of the Psychology Alchemists can easily figure out
the truth,” Cattleya reminded.
The Hanged Man replied, “So, the main point is that we should be
indirectly blessed by Mr. Fool. Otherwise, would it be impossible for us to
deceive the Spectator pathway’s King of Angels, Adam? Also, Miss
Magician and Miss Judgment, when you pray at the cathedral of the
Evernight Goddess, it’s best if you pray to Mr. Fool and get “His” help in
extricating yourself from the hypnosis and not immediately leave Backlund.
“Under such circumstances, Backlund is safer than anywhere else.”
“Alright,” Xio replied seriously.
Seeing that the discussion had reached this point, Audrey and the others all
looked towards The World Gehrman Sparrow, awaiting his response.
Klein’s thoughts had already taken shape. He deliberated for a moment,
then laughed hoarsely.
“Actually, there are simpler ways to interfere.”
“What methods are there?” Audrey’s eyes widened as she asked with
concern.
Klein looked at Miss Justice and pointed at the top of his head.
“Once Hvin Rambis leaves, bum that hat accessory and trigger the charm I
gave you.”
That feather hat accessory? The hat accessory that can get a so-called
response from Death? Mr. World hopes to get this existence to disrupt the
divination, attention, and prophecy… Audrey’s green eyes sparkled as she
nodded in thought.
“I know what to do.”
When that happens, the response would be the power of Concealment. This
way, no matter what happens, Adam can only assume that the Goddess had
interfered, believing that “She” had blessed the Hall family and has nothing
to do with the Tarot club… I wonder if the Goddess will send Ma’am
Arianna. That way, finishing off Hvin Rambis will be made very simple. If
not, I’ll give myself Angel’s Embrace ahead of time and use my marionettes
which are dead. That will result in a high chance of victory… Klein
mumbled inwardly without saying anything else.
Justice Audrey quickly completed her plan, doing so as though she was
talking to herself as she spoke to Xio and Fors:
Visit me on Wednesday afternoon. This way, I’ll have a chance to see the
Church of Evernight’s archbishop in advance…
“I’ll pray to Mr. Fool for “Him” to provide his angelic blessings. That way,
I won’t be hypnotized by Hvin Rambis when I meet him. We’ll act once he
leaves…
“Hvin Rambis is a cautious and conservative person. He should continue
choosing to meet me on the way to prevent himself from being caught or
from falling into a trap…
Soon, amidst the discussions of the other members of the Tarot Club, the
plan was complete. The World Gehrman Sparrow declined Cattleya’s
suggestion of providing help. After all, he couldn’t guarantee that
powerhouses from the Church of Evernight would be involved.
As for the payment, all the spoils would belong to The World, and Audrey
would provide him with a free help commission according to his request.
On Wednesday afternoon, in Viscount Glaint’s residence.
After returning to the turf club, Audrey, who was wearing a simple white
dress shirt and a pair of pants of the same, bright leather boots, and a black
leather jacket that clung to her waist, stood inside the viscount’s study and
looked at Xio and Fors.
“Who got you to investigate Viscount Stratford and pursue the king’s
secret?”
Her green eyes were like an ancient pool of water in a deep mountain. It
was quiet, deep and clear, making one unknowingly sink into it.
At this moment, Xio and Fors were really hypnotized. The former answered
in a daze, “It was me. I’m investigating the cause of my father’s death…
“However, I do pray to a particular existence to bless me…”
Audrey asked a few more questions and received a satisfactory answer.
Then, she said with a gentle voice, “Leave Backlund and leave this place.
You don’t belong here.
“Alright, you’ll wake up when you hear me clap.”
The moment she said that, Audrey clapped her hands and saw Xio and
Fors’s eyes regain their clarity.
After exchanging a few more pleasantries, Xio and Fors bade her farewell
and left. Audrey began to wait patiently.
She planned to stay inside Viscount Glaint’s residence for another half an
hour. She was waiting for Xio to enter the nearest Evernight Goddess
cathedral and finish her prayers before heading elsewhere.
This way, regardless of whether Hvin Rambis appeared en route or
elsewhere, she would be prepared.
Picking up the lady’s bonnet with a white feather accessory, Audrey walked
out of the study, planning to meet up with Susie and Annie first before
chatting with Glaint to kill time.
She had just taken two steps when she heard a gentle and smiling voice:
“Well done.”
Audrey’s pupils dilated as she hurriedly turned her head, only to see a
silver-haired man standing next to an elegant wall lamp rack. His eyes were
light blue, and his clothes were neat. He was none other than Hvin Rambis!
This demigod was actually waiting in Viscount Glaint’s residence for
Audrey to complete the hypnosis and receive the answer!
At this moment, Xio and Fors probably hadn’t walked out the main door.
This was completely outside Audrey’s expectations and The Hanged Man’s
analysis. This meant that Hvin Rambis was present, so there was no need to
question the target through Audrey. Being in the vicinity and personally
hypnotizing them was just as dangerous!