Chapter 616

: Silver Lining
What do I need? Cattleya silently chuckled, having sensed that The Hanged
Man was probing her with a very ordinary question.
Any needs meant clues!
Ignoring the fact that I’ve already obtained the potion formula for Sequence
4 Mysticologist of the Mystery Pryer pathway, and accumulating points for
one of the main ingredients, even without anything, I have no lack of
corresponding resource channels, and far more than one… Cattleya had
another thought as she recalled the Sea God Scepter which Mr. Fool
wielded. She then smiled and said, “I need a mystical item at the demigod
level. The kind with acceptable side effects.”
At that instant, Alger nearly retorted, asking her not to crack a joke.
Even in the Church of Storms, one wasn’t necessarily capable of obtaining
a similar item for years, much less a Beyonder who was obviously only a
Mid-Sequence Beyonder!
If I had an item at the demigod level without any real negative side effects,
why wouldn’t I keep it for my own use? Alger knew that The Hermit was
using mockery to respond to his attempt at sounding her out, but he wasn’t
as irascible as his peers. He slowly took a deep breath and said, “I’ll keep
an eye out.
“But Ma’am, you should know very well that just an effective clue towards
such an item might be enough to cover the cost of an Ocean Songster’s
potion formula.”
… Very staid. Not easily angered. This is very different from the usual style
of the Church of Storms… Was the conclusion of my first observation
wrong? He’s only disguising himself as a priest of the Storm? No, I can’t
think of it that way. This might also be because he doesn’t dare to flare up
under Mr. Fool’s watch. Or perhaps, he’s just an odd one out in the Church
of Storms. There might not be many, but it’s not extremely rare… Cattleya
wasn’t greedy. She didn’t sound him out a second time as she nodded.
“I know.”
As the conversation between the two came to an end, no one made any
requests during the transaction segment. A number of members already had
the means to obtain whatever they needed, so there was no need to make
any requests for purchases. It was mainly Audrey and Fors who were
waiting for the subsequent potion formulas. Another reason stemmed from
their financial situation or circumstances, and they weren’t able to make any
early expenditures. This included Emlyn, who was filled with desire for the
Sanguine’s Viscount inheritance, as well as Miss Magician who wanted a
mystical item.
Indeed, as everyone slowly cast off their statuses as Low-Sequence
Beyonders, advancements are no longer that fast. The rate of transactions
will also rapidly drop. In the past, there was basically one or two deals
every week, but now, it might be two to three weeks. In the future, it might
even be three to four months… Without knowing whether it was for the
better or worse, Klein nodded gently to indicate that it was time to engage
in the free exchange.
Audrey looked at Derrick and waited for him to describe the unexpected
situation at the City of Silver.
Derrick didn’t let her “expectations” down. Before anyone could speak, he
earnestly said, “Elder Lovia has been released. I encountered her at the
library.”
Shepherd Lovia has been released? Using flesh and blood, the entire team
that she led was corrupted by the True Creator, so how can she be without
any problems? What is the six-member council thinking? Klein originally
wanted to say something along the lines of—”if there’s nothing wrong with
Lovia, I’ll chop off my head and gift it to the True Creator to be kicked like
a ball.” However, considering how swears and curses involved deities in
them and might lead to terrible consequences, he rationally changed his
thoughts.
Of course, I don’t have to be that careful with me above the gray fog… He
sighed inwardly.
“Elder Lovia has been released? That Shepherd?” Audrey quickly recalled
what the name meant.
Back then, Little Sun had used Blasphemer Amon’s possession and Mr.
Fool’s help to expose the fact that the entire exploration team had been
corrupted by the True Creator. As for the team, it was led by Lovia. Her job
as a Shepherd happened to correspond to the Secrets Suppliant pathway of
the True Creator!
“Yes.” Derrick nodded earnestly as he looked towards The Hanged Man.
Alger thought for a moment before asking, “Has your Chief returned to the
City of Silver?”
Why would Mr. Hanged Man suddenly ask about this… Ah, right. To release
such an important figure, it’s impossible that the other elders of the six-
member council wouldn’t wait for the Chief’s return…
If the Chief has yet to return, and that they had decided this without his
consent, it goes to show that the situation is even more terrible than one can
imagine. It was so terrible that they couldn’t even await his return… If the
Chief has already returned, then the reason for releasing Lovia has a high
chance to do with the outcome of the exploration. This is because,
according to Little Sun, this is the only exploration in recent times for the
City of Silver.
Sigh, why didn’t I think of this? Audrey, you’re still lacking in experience…
Audrey reflected and consoled herself in thought.
“Yes, not long ago.” Derrick was surprised by Mr. Hanged Man’s accurate
guesses.
At this moment, Fors, who had been listening quietly, combined what she
knew from before and suddenly had an idea.
“Mr. Sun, could this be the situation?
“Your Chief led the exploration team and that little boy, Jack, to seek out a
path that leads to the outside world, but they realized that the power of the
True Creator is required. Heh heh, this isn’t a lie I’m fabricating, but an
inference of the facts. The father of that boy, Jack, belonged to the Aurora
Order, and they were seeking the holy residence of the True Creator before
arriving where you are.
“Therefore, for the entire City of Silver, your Chief decided to release
Shepherd Lovia after returning.”
“If that’s really the case, Mr. Sun would be in grave danger,” Audrey said
with worry. Fors’s words sank Derrick’s heart.
At this moment, Alger shook his head.
“No, I have the exact opposite belief.
“Miss Magician’s inference is identical to my theory, but I believe this will
make it safer for The Sun!”
“Why?” Derrick’s heart calmed down as he asked.
Isn’t that simple? Balance! Klein scoffed inwardly.
“The danger of the True Creator is noticeable by any sentient creature with
eyes and a brain. Your Chief will definitely not put all his chips on “Him.”
He definitely needs a force that can counterbalance the True Creator.
“As for you, the one who exposed their ploy, you were possessed by
Blasphemer Amon, so you might represent another possibility.
“The more Lovia and company wish harm upon you, the more the Chief
and the other elders will protect you. This way, they would turn a blind eye
to whatever suspicious aspects you didn’t manage to erase,” Alger
explained simply.
This ends up being a silver lining? Fors was stunned.
Mr. Hanged Man makes a lot of sense… When it comes to analyzing matters
and the situation, I’m still far from matching him… Audrey felt somewhat
depressed. She even thought of puffing her cheeks, but she immediately
realized that it wasn’t an elegant act. All she could do was keep those
thoughts to herself.
For the rest of the members, Emlyn, who didn’t know much about Lovia,
had a hard time keeping up. However, he knew about Jack and the repeated
cycles, so he was barely able to understand the discussion.
In order to break out of the City of Silver’s conundrum, they released a
“danger” that has the True Creator involved? Emlyn inwardly made a
guess.
Compared to him, Cattleya couldn’t understand a word. She felt as though
she was from a completely different world compared to the other members.
I actually have a feeling of admiration despite my incomprehension of what
they said… The last time I had this feeling was several years ago. Back
then, I was still very weak… There were some inklings in the previous Tarot
Gatherings, especially so when it involves the City of Silver, but never has it
been as serious as this time…
Also, why are they discussing the True Creator and Blasphemer Amon so
naturally? Eh… It should be the Blasphemer Amon I know of… They’re
only Mid-Sequence Beyonders… What have they actually done in the past?
Cattleya’s confidence as a powerhouse suffered a setback at that very
moment.
After hearing Mr. Hanged Man’s analysis, Derrick first heaved a sigh of
relief before asking with tense nerves, “Could this result in our City of
Silver being destroyed by the Fallen Creator?”
He originally wished that Mr. Hanged Man could provide him with an
answer that could relieve him, but he ended up hearing the man say in a
deep voice, “That possibility can’t be ruled out.”
“Then what should I do?” Derrick earnestly sought advice.
“Under the situation of us not understanding what your Chief and the other
elders of the six-member council are up to, I cannot provide you with any
suggestions, but I don’t think you need to be in such a panic.” Alger raised
his head to glance at Mr. Fool, who was silently looking at the members
from the end of the long bronze table.
Tracing his gaze, Derrick subconsciously looked over and saw Mr. Fool
whose extremely blurry figure was covered in the gray fog.
He instantly felt a sense of serenity, and he couldn’t help but recall that holy
and powerful angel.
… Although I’ve foiled several of the True Creator’s ploys, I’ll definitely not
last a second if I were to really clash with “Him”… The situation will
devolve into The Fool coming to his doorstep, but the True Creator finding
The Fool completely lacking… Klein maintained his casual listening state,
without saying a word or showing any expression.
Derrick retracted his gaze and said to Alger, “Mr. Hanged Man, thank you
for your help. I will try to figure out what Chief and the others are
planning.”
With the matter coming to an end, Cattleya deliberated before saying, “Was
the Blasphemer Amon you were talking about before referring to the
ancestor of the Amon family in the Fourth Epoch’s Tudor Empire, the son
of the Creator?”
Son of the Creator? Audrey was stunned by what Ma’am Hermit said. She
instinctively turned her head to the end of the long bronze table and
discovered Mr. Fool sitting there calmly, as though he was tacitly
confirming Amon’s other identity.