Chapter 936

Don’t Want to Miss Out
Amidst the clacking sounds, a white piece of illusory paper spewed out
from the radio transceiver. On it were words composed of Loenese:
“Exalted Great Master, your puny, loyal, and humble servant, Arrodes, is
here to answer your summoning!
“Did you know? Dr. Aaron Ceres’s child was born the night before the last.”
Thankfully I contacted the magic mirror in time… Klein nodded slightly
and said, “Now I know.”
Amidst clacking sounds, more of the illusory white paper spewed out:
“Based on the principle of reciprocity, it’s your turn to ask a question.”
Klein had originally wanted to ask about matters regarding Ince Zangwill,
0-08 and the Red Angel evil spirit, but considering how he had failed
divining it above the gray fog, it was almost certain that Arrodes was unable
to see it. At best, it could provide him more detailed information regarding
0-08, but this way, without the gray fog’s screening, it would be equivalent
to him knowing of 0-08, and it would result in it knowing him. It didn’t
benefit him when it came to hiding behind the scenes to direct a play.
After thinking for two seconds, he asked, “What means are there to speed
up the digestion of potions?”
“Do a better job acting.” On the illusory white paper, black words were
produced.
Upon seeing the magic mirror’s reply, Klein first fell silent before he slowly
exhaled.
For the present him, Ince Zangwill’s appearance was too early!
He still needed about two months to completely digest the Marionettist
potion. When that happened, and with him already gathering the
ingredients, he could orchestrate an assassination of the demigod, Ince
Zangwill, placing the Sequence advancement with his wish together. Then
there was no need for him to consider any room for retreat. However, Ince
Zangwill wouldn’t “appear,” until he was done preparing everything. He
wouldn’t follow the steps that Klein had in mind.
Based on Klein’s earliest ideas, it was to first gather information, figure out
where Ince Zangwill was, and wait until it was late August or early
September before confirming the plan based on the situation. If not for the
possession of the evil spirit, Ince Zangwill wouldn’t have exposed himself.
If he didn’t use Ince Zangwill’s current condition, it was very possible that
he couldn’t find the latter again once he exorcised the evil spirit.
Coincidences would stand in his way when it came to meeting him.
Furthermore, if that were really the Red Angel evil spirit, Klein was also
worried that Ince Zangwill might’ve already died by the time he and
Leonard started exacting revenge. The reason behind his death could be due
to certain machinations, or from some ridiculously comedic situations, and
not because of his sins.
Due to these considerations, Klein attempted to digest his potion faster,
hoping that he could complete it within a week or two. However, Arrodes’s
answer left him depressed. He also knew that this wasn’t something he
could force.
In two weeks, or even in the next few days, how was he to create a better
opportunity to act?
In his silence, Klein had already made up his mind. He didn’t plan on tying
the two matters together, and from the beginning, he wanted revenge
against Ince Zangwill as his primary goal provided there was a chance of
success.
He didn’t wish to miss this opportunity.
Although it had only been about ten months—less than a year-since the
incident at the Blackthorn Security Company, it felt like a very, very long
time, so long that he didn’t wish to wait any longer.
Catching a glance at the gloomy radio transceiver, Klein thought before
wearing a stern look, he asked with a deep voice, “Back when I used the
Winner marionette to look at myself, I learned why Beyonders of the Fate
pathway will have such a reaction when facing me.
“Now, I would like to know what you see when you look at me?”
This question was a bolt out of the blue that seemed to echo in the room.
The radio transceiver suddenly fell silent, and the clacking sounds sounded
after quite a while.
A black illusory piece of paper spewed out, and on it were ghastly-white
words:
“I-I see support and dominance from you.
“Are you satisfied with such a question?”
Support, dominance… What does that mean? Klein had planned on
pressing on, but he believed that Arrodes was unlikely to explain it too
clearly because it lacked the required knowledge.
Realizing that the Mother Tree of Desire was about to find him if he kept
this up, he nodded and said, “Acceptable.
“That shall be all for today. You may return.”
The clacking of the radio transceiver became increasingly brisker as the
paper that appeared was white again.
“Alright, Great Master, goodbye~ Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes,
is constantly at your service.”
This time, the magic mirror seemed to forget to add a hand-waving
drawing.
That was quite a quick escape… Klein mumbled and immediately took four
steps counterclockwise and entered above the gray fog. He conjured The
World Gehrman Sparrow and informed The Hermit Cattleya that the
Mythical Creature blood she needed was ready. She was to provide the
means to regain a certain amount of strength during one’s weak stages as
quickly as possible.
Before long, Cattleya set up a ritual and sacrificed an item to The Fool and
requested this mighty existence to hand it to The World and tell him that the
principle of the item’s effect was to temporarily borrow a portion of one’s
strength from their former
self!
This sounds familiar… It sounds like the powers of the Seer pathway’s
Sequence 3 Scholar of Yore… The Fool Klein was surprised as he picked
up the item that Ma’am Hermit had sacrificed.
It was like the end of a cane with a long transparent gem embedded on it. It
was carved with complicated, mysterious, indescribable, three-dimensional
symbols and magic labels.
Klein recognized two of them. One was the incomplete Pupil-less Eye, and
the other was the incomplete Contorted Lines.
Could this be an item that really points towards Sequence o The Fool? But
isn’t it a little too complicated… This cane feels really familiar. It’s like…
It’s like the crystal ball Little Sun had used when he prayed to me! C-could
it also correspond to another crimson star? Klein looked out the ancient
palace with an odd expression, but all he saw were illusory stars suspended
in the infinite gray fog without any signs of abnormality.
With the fact that such items were one-use items like charms, he abandoned
the idea of experimenting with it. All he could do was summon some paper
from the junk pile and seriously record down the complicated and abnormal
symbols and magic labels on the cane.
Loen Kingdom, Backlund, Dr. Aaron’s residence.
A maid was inside the master bedroom, taking care of a soundly-sleeping
infant. Downstairs, the banquet which had many guests attending had
reached the mid-way mark.
Suddenly, in a corner, three figures quickly materialized. Leading them was
a man in a silk top hat, black formal suit. He was none other than Klein
Moretti who hadn’t disguised himself.
He tossed out a charm and muttered an ancient Hermes term:
“Crimson!”
The dark red flames flashed, and amidst a light explosion sound, soothing
powers emanated out. The maid fell asleep instantly, collapsing onto the
bedside into a deep sleep.
Klein made his two marionettes stand in their spots as he walked to the
infant’s cot and cast his gaze inside.
It was a child wrapped in silver silk. His skin was very fair, and he was
fleshy with layer after layers.
This infant showed no fear towards the stranger as he looked straight at
Klein with his eyes wide open while sucking his fingers.
“Ahem.” Klein couldn’t help but smile as he took off his hat and bowed.
“Congratulations on being born.”
“You should say that to my parents!” The infant pulled out his fingers and
spoke with a bright voice that didn’t match his age.
Klein chuckled and didn’t harp on this meaningless topic with the Snake of
Fate. He went straight to the point.
“I brought the method that allows you to regain a certain amount of strength
during your weak stages.
“You can now give me that drop of placenta blood.”
Will Auceptin opened up his fleshy palms and said, “Let me take a look
first.”
“How do you know that the method is an item?” Klein couldn’t help but ask
in puzzlement.
Will Auceptin scoffed.
“An intuition of fate.”
It’s like you didn’t say a thing… Klein moved the cane from behind him
forward and handed it over.
The infant held it tightly and glanced at it twice before raising its voice:
“This can only be used once!”
“That’s right. Only once. Is that a problem?” Klein deliberated and said,
“With your level and abilities, you can completely replicate the symbols
and magic labels engraved on it, and then prepare the corresponding
ingredients to hold the correct ritual. Wouldn’t that allow you to use it
multiple times?”
Will Auceptin suddenly cut him off.
“Alright, I accept it.
“Remember, you were the one who suggested it!”
Klein was momentarily a little dumbfounded, but he also seemed to realize
something. He had a vague feeling that, despite him being here to take
advantage of a baby, it ended up as the baby taking advantage of him.
“Yes, I was the one who suggested it.” He finally drew a breath and nodded
earnestly.
The baby’s plump face revealed a smile as he spread open his other hand.
“I’ve already prepared it for you.
“A total of two drops. One drop is for the transaction, and the other drop is
your commission for facilitating this transaction.”
There’s a commission? Klein was delighted as he hurriedly looked at Will
Auceptin’s palm.
There were two drops of silver blood there. Each drop appeared to have
countless, minute, aloof, illusory wheels spinning. They formed a belt that
had its head connected to its tail.
Just one look at it made Klein seem to lose his ability to think. He felt all
his thoughts repeatedly appearing in his mind.
He hurriedly shook his head and took out the iron cigar case which
contained Azik’s copper whistle. He then placed the two drops of Snake of
Fate blood, which had clearly been sealed, inside.
“Thank you for your generosity,” Klein said sincerely before asking, “Can
this be used to make a charm?”
The baby sucked his fingers and said, “Of course.
“As for the exact symbols needed to be carved, you have already seen
those. You are free to choose a combination. Whatever you get will all
depend on your luck.”
Klein nodded and asked again, “Who should I pray to?
“You’re probably unable to respond to relatively high-level rituals for the
time being. And praying to Ouroboros is bordering on being a
provocation…
“Do I pray to a Sequence 2 angel of the Fate pathway? But I don’t know
‘Their’ honorific names.”
Will Auceptin immediately grinned.
“There’s a more convenient method.”
“Who?” Klein pressed in delight.
The baby replied with a giggle, “Empress of Misfortune and Horror.”