Chapter 505

: A Servant Worth 3,000 Pounds
“Captain, the Red Skull pirates have fled!”
A sailor rushed into the captain’s quarters.
“They fled?” Elland lifted his telescope and looked quizzically at the calm
sea, just in time to see the Red Skull disappear into the horizon.
He frowned, completely unable to understand how such a development
could’ve occurred.
From his point of view, the White Agate’s armaments definitely weren’t
capable of scaring off the Red Skull pirates. It was guaranteed that both
parties would have to circle around each other dozens of times during the
skirmish and fire multiple shots in order to ensure that the other party found
them a tough nut to crack. Without daring to engage in a prolonged, they
would then rationally choose to retreat.
Could it be that the Red Skull was just passing by and had no intention of
plundering us? However, if they weren’t here to plunder, why would they
enter this sea route? This is the easiest place to be stopped by the naval
fleet and the Church’s ships. Even the Four Kings and Seven Admirals
would still try their best to keep a low profile when they pass by the
surrounding seas… Elland was filled with doubts, and he felt that things
weren’t that simple.
Being careful keeps one away from disaster, I mustn’t be carelessness…
Elland put away his yellow-brown telescope and paced back and forth.
He half raised his hand and said to the navigator, “We shall dock at Bansy
Harbor tonight.
“Report our encounter with the pirates to the Navy and the Church.”
According to their usual plan, the next stop for the White Agate would be
the Tiana Port, and it would probably take three days at 13 knots to reach it.
From Tiana Port, it would finally reach the capital of the Rorsted
Archipelago, the City of Generosity, Bayam.
And there was a faster way to sail from Pritz Harbor to Bayam, which was
to stop only once in the middle of the voyage, at Bansy Harbor, about 120
nautical miles from Damir Harbor.
…
“The Red Skull really left?” Donna’s father, Urdi Branch, walked to the
window and looked out into the distance.
Cleves calmly nodded and said, “Yes.”
Just as he finished his sentence, a sailor’s shout sounded from outside.
“The danger has been averted! The danger has been averted!”
Upon receiving official confirmation, Donna and Denton finally relaxed and
had the courage to approach the window and look outside.
“Are the Red Skull pirates that powerful?” Donna’s eyes widened as she
searched for a ship that had already gone far away.
“Very powerful.” Cleves gave his answer.
“How powerful are they?” Denton immediately pressed.
On the other side, the bodyguard, Teague, straightened his hair and
chuckled.
“Even if we don’t include the cannons and hundreds of pirates on the ship,
just Captain Johnson and the first mate Anderson are extremely powerful on
their own.
“Anderson’s nickname is One-Eyed. The bounty reward for him in the
kingdom is 500 pounds. All of us in this room added together, together with
the help of a few sailors, might be able to defeat him in battle. As for
Johnson, who’s nicknamed Sea Wolf, he can easily finish such an opponent.
If he were to board the ship, no one would be able to stop him. His bounty
is worth 900 pounds, nearly 1,000 pounds!”
“Is that a lot?” Donna was surprised at the potency of Sea Wolf and One-
Eyed, as well as their bounty.
In her memory, her father earned a total of 1,500 a year!
“A lot, this is a reward that they or their heads could directly be exchanged
for. The items they have on them and the things they’ve plundered will also
belong to you. The kingdom will buy it at the market price, and you will
still have the chance to obtain the bounties from other countries,” Cecile
explained. “On the sea, pirates with a bounty of more than 300 pounds are
rather powerful. For those who are close to or above 1,000 pounds, they’ll
be rather famous in the sea they plow. And I mean vast sea expanses like
the Sonia Sea or the Fog Sea.”
“Therefore, the Four Kings and Seven Admirals are considered famous
throughout the Five Seas?” Donna innocently asked.
Cleves replied seriously, “Yes.”
“In that case, are the Red Skull pirates very famous in the entire Sonia
Sea?” Donna asked with concise logic.
“Yes.” Teague nodded.
“But why did they flee?” Donna blinked.
“It might not have been them fleeing…” Cecile didn’t know the reason
either.
Cleves looked out the window again as he knitted his brows.
“Maybe there’s another reason. Maybe they had no plans to plunder us at
all. They just came across us.”
Other reasons? Donna suddenly had a guess.
Could it be Uncle Sparrow’s tall-as-a-house, gentle messenger that scared
them away? Yeah, it’s really scary! Donna’s mind bubbled like boiling
water.
She turned her head excitedly and looked down to realize her brother’s eyes
were shining as well.
The two of them pursed their lips and immediately realized that their
thoughts were the same.
“Let’s go out and get some air on this level.” Donna found a reason to drag
her brother out of Room 305.
Outside, Denton said in a suppressed voice, “Are we going to find Uncle
Sparrow?”
“Exactly!” Donna smiled with a spirited look. “I saw him enter Room 312.”
…
Inside Room 312.
Blazing Danitz, who no longer mentioned Rear Admiral Iceberg, looked at
the Red Skull which had turned its bow around and tsked with laughter.
“They must’ve been frightened by the declaration of the Navy’s cannons
and the news that a pirate crew had been destroyed recently. They actually
took the risk of raiding this sea route in order to earn enough money before
leaving the sea.
“Heh, so what if there are giant ship cannons? The Navy and the Church
have a lot of powerful things, and they’ve always existed. But never have
they made it impossible for us to continue being pirates. We can’t beat them
head-on, but we can always escape, right? They can’t possibly stay with the
merchant ships forever, can they?
“I know, the ironclad warship is getting bigger and bigger, and the steam
engine installed in it will also become stronger. One day, the speed will
break through 18 knots, 20 knots, and once they’re on your tail, one can
only wait to be caught. However, the sea is so vast. Tens of thousands of
ships can’t even fill a corner even if they were all thrown there. There are
also a lot of unexplored areas at sea. One can hide in those places after
doing something. Although it’s dangerous, there are still opportunities.”
This fellow is indeed the talkative type… Don’t you think that a crazy
adventurer wouldn’t care about these things? Klein looked away and
scanned the room.
His gaze finally fell on his leather suitcase. He then raised his chin and said,
“Wash the dirty clothes inside.”
The expression on the garrulous Danitz’s face froze. He yearned to burn the
entire ship down.
He felt that his anger was like gushing steam that had lifted the gate of
reason.
Danitz opened his mouth and took a breath before repeating it again.
His flushed face softened as he asked without a smile on his face, “Is that
all?”
“Only the dirty ones. The coat just needs to be brushed.” Klein was almost
amused by the man’s show of anger, and he felt that this was what Danitz
deserved from robbing the innocent.
The clothes in his suitcase were the ones he changed out of last night after a
shower. As he felt a little lazy, he had only washed his underwear.
Calm down, don’t lose control. Calm down, don’t lose control… After
admonishing himself several times, Danitz walked over to Gehrman
Sparrow’s suitcase, opened it, and took out the clothes that needed cleaning.
Just as he was getting busy in the bathroom, he heard the doorbell jingle.
Klein opened the door to find Donna and Denton.
“Uncle Sparrow, I hope I didn’t disturb you?” Donna’s eyes darted left and
right.
“No.” Klein stepped aside.
The two little fellows entered the room and were surprised to see Danitz
doing the laundry.
“Where are the servants?” Denton asked subconsciously.
“Didn’t bring them along,” Klein answered for Danitz.
Donna asked, in apparent confusion, “But there are laundry maids attached
to first-class cabins. They’re charged by the barrel.”
Before she could finish, Danitz froze.
He had been so angry that he had forgotten about it.
Danitz shook the water from his hand, turned, and forced a smile at
Gehrman Sparrow.
“Can I hire the laundry maid for help?”
Klein didn’t insist on seeing the pirate make a fool of himself, so he smiled
and said, “I only care about the results.”
Phew. Danitz heaved a sigh of relief.
Their back and forth question and answer exchange made Donna realize
that something was wrong. The young lady asked in suspicion, “Uncle
Sparrow, aren’t you two friends? W-why does he look different from
before!?”
Klein found a chair and sat down. Without hiding anything, he calmly said,
“To be exact, he’s my prisoner of war.”
“Prisoner of war?” Denton looked around in a daze, not remembering when
the two uncles had a conflict.
At first, Donna was puzzled, but then her heart skipped a beat. She
cheerfully asked, “Is he… is he a pirate?”
“Yeah.” Klein nodded gently.
“The Red Skull pirates were also scared off by you, Uncle Sparrow?”
Donna pressed in excitement.
Klein shot a glance at Danitz and replied without an expression, “In a way.”
Having all her questions answered, Donna felt abnormally pleased. She
glanced at Danitz and unknowingly lowered her voice.
“Uncle Sparrow, does he have a name? No, does he have a bounty on him?”
No! I mustn’t let anyone know of what happened to me! Danitz opened his
mouth in a bid to answer before Klein.
“I’m Sieg!”
At this moment, Klein said with a fleeting voice, “Danitz.”
“Danitz…” Donna and Denton looked at each other without asking any
more questions.
The siblings didn’t stay long and soon took their leave. They kept feeling
that the pirate’s eyes were fierce.
When they returned to Room 305, they saw that her father and Uncle
Cleves were still in the midst of their discussion. Donna deliberately
interjected innocently with a question.
“A lot of people were talking about pirates just now. Someone mentioned
Danitz. Is he very powerful?”
“Danitz… Blazing Danitz. He’s Rear Admiral Iceberg’s subordinate, the
fourth boatswain of the Golden Dream…” Cleves answered simply.
Upon saying this, he suddenly turned silent as he retracted his gaze,
seemingly in recall.
A Pirate Admiral’s subordinate… Donna pressed out of curiously, “How
much is his bounty?”
Cleves returned to normal and said in a deep voice, “3,000 pounds.”
Th-three thousand pounds? Donna and Denton opened their mouths, little
by little, almost forgetting to close them.
The captain of the Red Skull pirates only has a bounty of 900 pounds, but
the man who looks like a servant is worth 3,000 pounds? The siblings
looked at each other, unable to utter a single word.
…
At 6 p.m., the White Agate entered a harbor again.
“Bansy Harbor? Elland is very cautious…” Danitz stood by the window,
looking out at the darkened harbor and the tall lighthouse.
Without waiting for Klein’s response, he laughed and said, “It seems like
there are some nasty legends here.”