Chapter 501

: Bait
After sending out the telegram and cleaning up the desk, White Shark
Hamilton relaxed completely. He was finally in the mood and had the
ability to think about the details of what had happened to him.
The first question that popped into his mind was: What about the bouncers
outside?
He propped himself up with both hands and walked heavily to the door.
When he opened it to take a look, he found that several of his men were
standing there unsteadily, telling each other jokes involving women.
Hamilton’s anger rushed to his head, but he soon calmed down. The
muscles on his face twitched slightly as he pounded on the open door.
Thump!
The bouncers were startled and instinctively turned to look at the door.
“Boss…”
“Boss…”
Seeing who was making the sound, they hurriedly stood there and
stammered.
White Shark took a deep breath and asked, “Did you see anyone enter my
room?”
“Yes, Lardero. He said that there was a situation downstairs.” The bouncers
were confused by the question. “Boss, you were the one who let him in…”
As soon as they finished talking, they suddenly thought of other
explanations and asked, “Boss, was something inside stolen?”
Hamilton’s expression sank, and he shook his head.
“Don’t doze off!”
Thud! He drew back and closed the door, leaving the few bouncers puzzled
as they exchanged looks, suspecting that their boss was drunk.
In the room, the tall and fat Hamilton frowned and started pacing back and
forth.
“Lardero, Lardero, they saw Lardero… That guy, that guy, can he change
into someone else’s appearance?” As a collaborator who helped pirates sell
their loot and gather intelligence, White Shark Hamilton was no stranger to
all sorts of sea rumors. The first thing he thought of was the former Pirate
Admiral Qilangos who was said to be capable of turning into anyone.
However, he quickly made more connections.
It might not be this mystical ability. If it’s really close to the description in
the rumors, illusions, cues, and mental manipulation can all do similar
things.
Hmm, there’s something amiss. That fellow appeared refined and gentle on
the outside, but he’s inwardly mad and has terrifying strength. With the
character he showcased, he should’ve knocked unconscious or killed
anyone who had seen him, before strolling to the door and very politely
knocking on the door!
If it’s to avoid creating a huge commotion so as to not leave behind too
much information or exposing secrets related to his Sequence, then he
could’ve used a more covert method, like climbing through the window…
Very contradictory… There’s only one explanation for this contradiction.
He was putting on an act!
Was he disguising his personality or disguising his strength? Or both?
When he thought of this, Hamilton suddenly stopped and put all the details
together.
That guy is a novice! His madness is a disguise! His strength is
demonstrated by relying on some mystical item!
Yes, that must be it!
This can explain the contradictions. He didn’t climb up the walls and enter
through the window, because he’s a Low-Sequence Beyonder, and he isn’t
good in such aspects. The focus of his mystical item isn’t in this domain… In
order to successfully enter my room, he was willing to lower his head and
address me as “boss” because he was purely relying on the mystical item.
He wasn’t too confident about himself and doesn’t have enough pride and
madness… He acted like a madman so as to match the mystical item’s
effects of generating horror in others. He created pressure to ask for
information.
This can also perfectly explain why he left just like that. The reason why he
came to find me is because he obtained such a powerful mystical item. With
his elevated ambition, he wants to capture and kill some pirates to make a
fortune. Once he knew that I’m serving Silver Coin Viper Oder and Admiral
of Blood’s intelligence officer, Old Quinn, to the point of being involved
with the Queen Mystic, he got scared and fearful, so he chose to leave after
acting perfunctorily. He didn’t dare to kill anyone!
The more Hamilton thought, the closer he felt to the truth. He hurriedly set
up the radio transceiver again and flipped through the passcodes and added
a telegram to concisely describe his theories.
He didn’t believe that he was being targeted by a hunter, because everything
that had happened was a result of the inflated ambition of a young man who
simply had a fortuitous encounter. He also gave the corresponding
characteristics of the target.
“Blond, blue eyes, not crazy, and even a little timid.
“Possesses a rather mystical item that might allow one to change their
appearance and create illusions. In consideration of the sense of horror, the
latter is more likely to be true.
“He’s just a novice who doesn’t have much experience. He specializes in
mimicking a powerful aura with the help of the item!
“He knows a thing or two about me, and he doesn’t look like an outsider
who’s here in Damir Harbor for the first time.”
Tap. Tap. Tap . Hamilton stopped his finger and leaned back in satisfaction,
his chair creaking under his weight.
The corners of his mouth curled up a little, as though he had already seen
the ending of that bastard from just now.
“It wouldn’t end well for a fellow with a very low Sequence despite
possessing a powerful mystical item at sea. Many greedy sharks would rush
towards him!
“When the time comes, I’ll no longer have to worry about my problems
being exposed!”
…
Under the night sky, the harbor was rather quiet. After leaving the Flying
Fish & Wine, Klein made a detour in the distance. He first walked quickly
before moving slowly, his pace gradually turning into a stroll.
When he was sure that no one was following him, he turned his face back to
Gehrman Sparrow as he passed through the shadows. He stuffed the hem of
his shirt into his trousers.
He adjusted his sideburns and took out his gold-rimmed glasses, placing
them on the bridge of his nose. It gave him a coldness despite his refined
appearance.
He began to rely on the stars to find his way back to the White Agate.
As he walked, he let out a soft chuckle. Amidst the cold wind, he leisurely
thought, I hope White Shark isn’t that foolish and is able to see the flaws I
left behind…
The persona he had set up tonight was of a new adventurer who lacked
experience and made mistakes. And this person, on the other hand, knew a
lot about Damir Harbor and White Shark. He had a tempting mystical item
on him which had messed with his mind, making him a little crazy deep
down.
Klein’s initial idea was that pirates would wander around the ocean, and
even the navy would have a hard time finding them. If he could get more
accurate information from White Shark, he could of course go straight to
them. If that didn’t work, his identity could be used as a bait to lure some
knowledgeable pirates to a predetermined location to complete the initial
hunt.
When it was discovered that White Shark could contact Old Quinn, the
intelligence officer of Admiral of Blood, Klein’s plan was completed. His
acquisition of the passcodes and the frequency spectrum had allowed him to
monitor the corresponding situation and grasp the target’s movement. Then,
by interfering with the divination of others, he could, at the most
appropriate time, use the combination of having a powerful mystical item
and being a weak adventurer as bait, to catch a number of big fish.
Now, the problem I have is that I don’t have the equipment to monitor their
communications… It’s basically impossible to buy it at sea… I’ll have to use
The World’s identity to get Miss Justice or Miss Magician to buy one in
Backlund. I’ll receive the delivery via a sacrificial ritual… This is the
advantage of the Tarot Club!With this in mind, Klein sighed.
Seeing the White Agate in sight, he quickened his pace a little and found
that Donna’s family and Cleves were returning from another street.
Cleves greeted him by nodding his head. Just like when they officially met,
he said in a low voice, “I heard there was trouble at Flying Fish & Wine?”
Very well-informed and rather familiar with Damir Harbor… Klein smiled
and replied, “I only taught two cheats a lesson.”
Cleves’s brows twitched slightly, suddenly feeling that his impression of
Gehrman Sparrow was a little wrong.
After his previous observation and interaction, he felt that, although this
young adventurer was a bit sharp, a bit reserved, and a bit cold, he could
still be considered someone who smiled, was polite, and knew when to
advance or retreat. But now, he was a bit uncertain. He felt that there might
be a hidden flame of madness hidden in the recesses of his heart.
At this moment, Donna’s father interrupted, “Mr. Cleves, who is this?”
“A colleague, Gehrman Sparrow,” Cleves introduced in a very simple
manner.
With a polite smile, Klein extended his right palm.
“It’s my honor to meet you. In the future, if you need anyone, and if you
can’t find Cleves and the others, you can consider me.”
“No problem. I hope you’re as strong and professional as them!” Donna’s
father shook hands with Klein with apparent warmth and introduced
himself, “Urdi Branch.”
Klein had just released his grip on the box when his spiritual perception was
triggered. He felt that there was something strange inside the gift boxes the
Branch servants were holding.
He quietly activated his Spirit Vision and discovered that the gift box
contained strips of cured meat. However, the surface of the cured meat had
very rich colors at the red, white, and black spots. They looked they were
things from the spirit world.
There’s the aura of the spirit world, but they’re practically harmless… This
cured meat is very special… Klein was surprised.
Noticing his gaze, Donna’s father laughed and said, “This is a specialty of
Damir Harbor. In the center of the island, there’s an extinct volcano. There
are a few cracks in the surrounding underground caves where a natural hot
wind blows. Curing meat there allows the meat to gain a wonderful and
unique flavor. It can be used as gifts for friends.
“Mr. Sparrow, if you wish to buy some, it’s not too late.”
Unique flavor? The taste of the spirit world? Klein had a rough idea of
what was going on.
According to theories in mysticism, the spirit world completely overlapped
with reality without interfering with it. One had to rely on the strength of a
Beyonder to open up a gap, but this wasn’t an absolute situation. There
were places in the world, which had the spirit world being strong enough to
slightly influence reality.
In such regions, it was very easy for the dead to turn into water ghosts,
zombies, and the like. There was also a non-trivial possibility that
residences in such areas would have paranormal activity.
A similar situation should’ve occurred in the interior of Damir Harbor’s
underground caves, but it’s not serious and doesn’t cause any
abnormalities, only giving the cured meat a unique flavor… There wouldn’t
be any problems if one doesn’t eat too much of this in one sitting… Klein
responded with a smile.
“I’m not interested in cured meat.”
Only at this moment did he finally confirm that the cured meat that the
bartender had previously served him was ordinary and nothing special.
At this moment, the little boy, Denton, pointed at the moon in the sky and
said, “It’s so very red!”
“Yeah!” Donna nodded in agreement.
Very red? Klein looked up and saw that the red moon was no different than
usual.
Because a child’s spirit is relatively pure, he temporarily possesses certain
Spirit Vision powers after being tainted with the spirit world’s aura from
eating such cured meat? Would the children on this island be in a similar
situation? Heh heh, this might be the source of Damir Harbor’s folklore…
Klein observed for a moment and found the answer.
The group strolled back to the ship, moving up the gangway and arriving on
the deck.
Klein bade them farewell and went to the second-class cabin.
Suddenly, his mind stirred and he once again activated his Spirit Vision.
He saw the huge skeleton messenger appear in front of him and drop a
letter.