Chapter 1086

: A Simple Inference
The moment he saw the Red Angel evil spirit, Klein’s pupils dilated. The
human-skinned glove on his left hand suddenly turned transparent.
He didn’t listen to what the other party had to say. His instinctive reaction
was to immediately “Teleport” away, but at this moment, the spirit world
that entered his eyes was different from usual.
Countless transparent creatures in indescribable forms were all dyed in a
color that was a mixture of iron and blood. The surrounding area was filled
with thick smoke, and there were seven rays of light that contained infinite
knowledge hidden above them. It was almost impossible to see them.
Klein’s heart skipped a beat. He didn’t rashly “Teleport.”
Upon seeing this, the Red Angel evil spirit chuckled.
“What are you afraid of? Zaratul?”
Upon hearing this, Klein subconsciously looked around, but he didn’t
discover anything unusual.
The Red Angel evil spirit maintained that annoying smile and pointed to the
sofa opposite the reclining chair.
“If I had already informed him that Dwayne Dantes is Gehrman Sparrow,
and that you will return to 160 Boklund Street in the morning, then the
person waiting in the wine cellar wouldn’t be a living person. Instead, it
would be your hungup butler and servants, looking as though they were
ham left to dry-age. Of course, they would similarly welcome you warmly.
“Sit. Under such circumstances, listening to my thoughts and intentions first
isn’t a bad thing.”
He imagined the scene described by the Red Angel evil spirit. Although
Klein had done similar things himself, his hair stood on end, and he was
horrified.
He kept his guard up, allowing the marionette, Qonas Kilgor, in the form of
Dwayne Dantes to sit on the sofa while he waited by the side as though he
was his personal servant, Enuni.
He had unknowingly swapped places with his marionette and instantly
changed their appearances.
“Perhaps it’s because you just learned of this information from Patrick
Bryan, and you haven’t even informed Zaratul yet?” Klein retorted through
his marionette.
At the same time, he determined from the words of the Red Angel evil spirit
that Zaratul had really come to Backlund!
This was a complete and unrestricted, terrifying, and bizarre Sequence 1
angel. It was enough to be called a hidden existence!
The Red Angel evil spirit’s gaze swept across the valet and his master
before smiling.
“I’ll be able to get something I want to know in 15 minutes from a fool like
Patrick Bryan. Furthermore, an entire night and a morning has passed since
the ritual.”
…You and Miss Messenger might have something in common… Klein
made the marionette raise his eyebrows.
“And so?”
The Red Angel evil spirit gently rocked the reclining chair it was in.
“I’m not sure if you’ve heard of such a saying. When you choose a
Beyonder pathway, your corresponding friends and enemies will be
determined. As for us, we aren’t friends, but we aren’t enemies either.
“Of course, you did have some conflicts with me, but no one suffered any
great losses. The matter has passed. To me, your growth will bring great
trouble to a few people I hate, so I don’t want to kill you in advance. I’m
happy to see you continue your advancement.”
The emperor had said similar words… A few people “He” hates… Klein
deliberated and asked, “Blasphemer Amon?”
“Not that ignorant and not that stupid either.” The Red Angel evil spirit
laughed and stroked “His” chin.
Be it “His” words or actions, “He” gave people the urge to hit “Him.”
After some thought, Klein calmly pointed out a question:
“Then you can definitely choose Zaratul. If ‘He* can rise up because of
this, ‘He’ will similarly bring about extreme trouble for Blasphemer Amon.
Compared to ‘Him,’ I’m still too weak. I’ll still need a long time to grow.
There are too many possible accidents from this point forth.”
The Red Angel evil spirit nodded seriously.
“Indeed, that’s what I thought in the beginning as well. A fellow like you,
who isn’t much stronger than a wild dog, what are you going to use to
compete with the already Sequence 1 Zaratul? Die faster than anyone else?”
At this point, the Red Angel evil spirit changed the topic and sighed.
“However, if one can choose the most ideal proposal in this world, that
would be too wonderful…”
Before “He” could finish “His” sentence, a bloody gash appeared on “His”
left bloody cheek.
The wound opened up in a wide manner, opening and closing like a mouth,
and revealed two rows of illusory white teeth.
“I’ve investigated. The collapse of the Sauron family was caused by Zaratul
and Roselle!”
Is this the spirit left behind by the ancestor of the Sauron family? The
dissociation of the Red Angel is worse than I imagined. No, this isn’t
considered a normal split personality, but three people being stuffed into
one body. No matter what they do, they have to first come to a unanimous
decision, or there will be internal strife… Klein believed that the Red Angel
evil spirit wasn’t setting up a trap, but that “He” had no way of informing
Zaratul of the relevant information.
This is ‘His’ weakness. I can use it in the future… Klein muttered silently
before asking, “Then why did you come to me? Just to say those words?”
The Red Angel evil spirit raised its hand to rub “His” left cheek, causing the
mouth that appeared to slowly disappear.
At the same time, “He” smiled and said, “Aren’t you investigating the Loen
royal family?
“It seems to involve a high-ranking Demoness named Katarina. If you have
any tracks from her, inform me before you carry out any operation.”
Saintess of White Katarina… Why is the Red Angel evil spirit looking for
her? Hmm, the Hunter pathway’s Sequence 4 can cause women to become
men. The Sequence 7 of the Demoness pathway can make men into women.
This should be two separate Beyonder pathways that can be interchanged…
The Red Angel evil spirit can’t find a suitable Hunter pathway Beyonder
characteristic, so it plans to jump to the Demoness pathway? That’s right.
As an evil spirit, as long as “He” resolves his issue of survival, “He” can
still advance using potions and characteristics… Klein was first taken aback
before he used the secrets he knew of to come up with a guess.
He suddenly had a strange idea:
When there are both High-Sequence Beyonder characteristics of the Hunter
and Demoness pathways within a body, would the Red Angel evil spirit
display a male form or a female form? Whoever has a higher level and is in
charge decides?
At that moment, the Red Angel evil spirit looked at Dwayne Dantes and his
valet and scoffed.
You have a great talent for provoking others.”
I haven’t said anything… Klein inwardly replied in a daze.
The Red Angel evil spirit curled his lips and said, “I can guess what you’re
thinking, unless you admit that you’re ignorant.
“However, this might be a good thing for ‘Them.’”
“Shut up!” A bloody mouth appeared on both sides of the Red Angel evil
spirit’s cheeks.
Looking at the dissociative identity disorder happening before him, Klein
rationally gave up on the idea of going deeper into the topic and said, “It’s
not impossible to inform you in advance, but the problem is how should I
inform you?”
From his point of view, the Demoness of Unaging, Katarina, was a vile
person. It was the same with the Red Angel evil spirit. It wasn’t a bad thing
to have them clash.
The Red Angel evil spirit smiled and said, “Of course it’s by reciting my
honorific name:
The great God of War, the symbol of iron and blood, the ruler of chaos and
strife.”
“Pui!” The mouth on both sides of the Red Angel evil spirit’s cheeks let out
a disdainful sound, as though they didn’t approve of it.
This is a standard deity’s honorific name… After gaining control of the
Uniqueness, to a certain extent, Medici had already become a quasi-god?
And as long as no one can accommodate the Uniqueness of the Red Priest
pathway, this evil spirit’s level will not drop? The honorific name will
always point towards “Him”? Klein nodded thoughtfully and probed,
“What do you know about the secret ruins of Blood Emperor Alista Tudor?”
Upon hearing this name, the Red Angel’s facial muscles twitched slightly
before sneering.
“Are you asking what the secret of the Loen royal family is?”
“You might not know this, but you might be familiar with the Blood
Emperor’s secret ruins,” Klein said deliberately.
The Red Angel evil spirit suddenly laughed out loud and slapped the
armrest of the reclining chair.
“Your tricks are so childish that they look like a three-year-old’s!
“Haha, the secret hidden by the Loen royal family is very simple. I could
guess it just by reading the newspapers. Tsk, you only have a smart-looking
face. Your brain is filled with squirming worms.”
“You can guess it just by reading the newspapers?” Klein frowned and
asked.
The Red Angel evil spirit finished laughing and curled “His” lips.
“Of course, it needs some basic knowledge. I believe you should have it.
“How about this? I’ll ask you a few questions, and you’ll understand how
simple the answer is.
“Is that Blood Emperor secret ruins the kind known by the Churches?”
“No.” Klein shook his head firmly.
The Red Angel evil spirit smiled and continued asking, “Do you know
which Sequence the Blood Emperor, Alista Tudor, was in before he
advanced to Sequence 0?”
“The Black Emperor pathway, Sequence 1 Prince of Abolition,” Klein
calmly replied.
The Red Angel evil spirit nodded slightly.
“Did you know that before Alista Trunsoest became Blood Emperor, ‘He’
was one of the two consuls of the Tudor- Trunsoest United Empire and that
the ones supporting him were six of the seven present deities, including
Evernight and Storm?”
Klein nodded and gave an affirmative answer.
The half-slumped Red Angel evil spirit crossed one leg over the other.
“Then do you know that, after Alista became Blood Emperor, ‘He’ had truly
gone mad and even died during the battle of the gods?”
“Kind of.” Klein didn’t dare to be too sure, because this was something he
had read from Roselle’s diary, and the Emperor had learned it from Mr.
Door.
The Red Angel evil spirit chuckled and said, “Then do you think that Alista
Tudor would have the rationality and opportunity to leave behind secret
ruins after ‘He’ became Blood Emperor?”
“No.” Klein slowly shook his head.
The Red Angel evil spirit spread its hands and said, “Since it’s a ruin left
behind by Alista before ‘He’ became Blood Emperor, and if the six deities
who supported ‘Him’ aren’t aware of it, what could it be? If you had a
choice, would you take a path destined to go mad?”
This… Klein instantly thought of the nine mausoleums that the Black
Emperor needed in the ritual needed to become a god.
To a Prince of Abolition, before the return of the former Black Emperor,
secretly seeking out a way to advance to Black Emperor was something
“He” wanted to do!
“Is that ruin related to the Black Emperor?” Klein asked in a deep voice.
The Red Angel evil spirit rubbed “His” chin and chuckled.
You seem to know the Black Emperor’s ritual.
“Isn’t that simple? What has the King of Loen been doing in the past two to
three years? The Grain Act was abolished; there’s the Civil Servant Unified
Examination, a restructuring of the military, the House of Lords and nobles
are struck down a notch, strengthening the authority of the House of
Commons… Isn’t this something that was published in the newspapers?
“Besides, isn’t it common knowledge that the Justiciar pathway can be
switched to the Black Emperor pathway?”
As many of these things were the trends of the times to Klein, with one of
them being pushed by him, he had never considered them from a mysticism
perspective in the past. Now that they were connected, he immediately
understood.
Soon, he recalled something else:
The last person who wanted to become Black Emperor was Roselle. He
happened to be related to Amon’s brother!