Chapter 706

: That Man
Turning his body to the side, Emlyn avoided a bulldozing drunkard. While
swatting his clothes with a frown, he continued jostling towards the bar
counter.
During this process, he didn’t seem to be doing anything, but the
surrounding customers would always fail to touch him. Be it in terms of
speed, agility, or his balance and coordination, he had reached a rather
terrifying level.
Finally, Emlyn arrived at the bar counter as he rapped the wooden counter.
“Where’s Ian?”
The bartender glanced at him. Without a word, he kept his head low and
wiped his glass cups.
“…” Emlyn stood there in surprise, wondering if he had done something
wrong that earned him nothing. This angered him a little as he wished to
reach out and yank the bartender out.
However, he believed that such acts were lacking as a gentleman. He
forcefully held down his emotions and looked around and discovered that
everyone was drinking.
With a thought, Emlyn experimented by saying, “A cup of Aurmir red
wine.”
The bartender’s actions paused as he looked up and gave the handsome,
black-haired, red-eyed man an odd look.
“We don’t have that available.”
This was the finest red wine in the world. The price was staggering!
Emlyn wasn’t dumb, and he could tell from the bartender’s eyes that he had
ordered something he shouldn’t have. On careful thought, he said, “One
glass of Southville beer.”
“5 pence.” The bartender finally lowered the cup and cloth.
Emlyn took out a 1-soli note and said, “Keep the change.”
“Thank you.” The bartender pointed left and said, “Ian is in Card Room 1.”
Emlyn immediately smiled, feeling happy and proud that he had resolved
an actual problem. He didn’t take the cup of Southville beer and, instead,
turned around and walked straight to Card Room 1.
Knock! Knock! Knock! He politely knocked on the door.
“Please come on in.” A rather adolescent voice sounded.
Emlyn adjusted his collar and pushed open the door, only to realize that the
scene inside was unlike what he had expected.
He believed that since it was a card room, there would be a bunch of people
surrounding a long table, playing games like Texas, but to his surprise, there
were indeed about eight people, but there weren’t any poker cards. A piece
of paper was placed in front of every participant as they seemed to be
recording something. Apart from that, there were only fountain pens and
multi-faced dice on the table.
Emlyn instinctively cast his gaze on the youngest person inside. It was
similarly a handsome boy with red eyes. He looked about sixteen.
“Ian?” Emlyn asked.
Ian nodded with a smile.
“That’s me. Sir, is there something I can help you with? Or do you wish to
join our game?”
“Game?” Emlyn returned with a question.
Ian chuckled.
“Yes, game. I don’t enjoy playing cards or billiards, but something needs to
be done when spending the whole day here. I gained some inspiration from
Emperor Roselle’s biography. It’s to organize a few people to sit down and
attempt a tabletop adventure.
“In this game, as long as you abide by the rules, you can be anyone—a
doctor, an adventurer who loves eating vegetables, a private detective who
always carries a wrench and pipe, or an adventurer who enjoys radical
ideas. Together, they can head to some ancient castle and seek out the
history hidden within, battling all kinds of monsters along the way.
“Sounds a little interesting.” Emlyn had a feeling that this game suited him
well.
“Haha, do you want to join? We’re currently embroiled in a ploy and are
facing a powerful ancient vampire. He appears to have a handsome face,
but beneath his skin are boils formed from his boiling blood,” Ian warmly
invited him.
Sanguine, thank you very much! Emlyn’s expression twitched indiscernibly
as he directly said, “I have a mission for you.”
“Alright… Let’s go to the room next door.” Ian took his round hat and old
satchel and stood up.
The billiard room next door had no one in it. The boy closed the door with
great familiarity as he surveyed the area before looking at Emlyn.
“Sir, I do not know you. Might I know who introduced you?”
Emlyn lifted his chin and smiled.
“Sherlock Moriarty”
Just as he said that, he suddenly looked left and right as he raised his hand
to pinch his nose.
“So it’s Detective Moriarty.” Ian heaved a sigh of relief without hiding it.
“I’m assured then. By the way, didn’t he go on vacation to Desi Bay? When
will he be back?”
Emlyn lowered his right hand as he said without a change in expression,
“He isn’t back yet. I’ve been to his rented apartment.
“To be frank, a normal vacation should’ve ended by the end of January. It’s
already April.”
“Could it be that something happened to him?” Ian asked worriedly.
Emlyn recalled the powers and mysteriousness which Sherlock Moriarty
presented as he shook his head.
“Perhaps he’s caught up in a complicated case.”
Ian didn’t speak further as he asked, “How may I address you? What
mission do you have?”
“You can call me Mr. White.” Emlyn took out a piece of paper that
resembled a bounty notice. “Help me find these five people.”
Ian received it and carefully flipped through it for a while.
“20 pounds for an effective clue; 150 pounds for an exact location. Is that
acceptable?”
“No problem.” Emlyn felt that the price was just too cheap.
Compared to this, the prices seen at the Tarot Club were way more
exaggerated.
Ian folded the piece of paper and said, “Mr. White, how do I contact you if I
have any clues?”
“South of the Bridge, Harvest Church.” Emlyn had already thought of the
answer.
Upon hearing that, Ian gave him an odd look.
“You’re a believer of Mother Earth? That’s rare in Backlund.”
“I’m not!” Emlyn firmly shook his head. “I’m only doing volunteer work
over there.”
Without waiting for Ian to speak, he asked, “How did you inherit those red
eyes?”
This was something he had wished to ask when he first saw Ian. This was
because red eyes were a trademark characteristic of Sanguine in ancient
times. However, there was a long period of time when humans and
Sanguine copulated in the Fourth Epoch. They were all residents of an
Empire; hence, with the widespread fellowship, many descendants were
produced. There was an increasing number of red-eyed mixed-bloods as
they passed down their genes, becoming an uncommon eye color for
humans.
To put it simply, every red-eyed human had a Sanguine ancestor.
Ian replied in surprise, “My father… I’ve no idea how much further up the
family tree, as I was a vagabond.”
From the looks of it, he isn’t connected to the Sanguine… Emlyn handed
over a twenty-pound deposit, feeling somewhat disappointed before turning
to leave the billiard room.
After he left, Ian didn’t immediately return to the card room. Instead, he
closed the door and said into the air, “Detective Moriarty hasn’t returned to
Backlund. I’m a little worried about him.”
A figure suddenly appeared in the billiard room. She had a pale face with
exquisite features while wearing a black bonnet. Dressed in a black Gothic
regal dress, she was none other than Wraith Sharron.
“He’s doing fine,” Sharron replied without any perturbation in her tone. Her
figure dematerialized before vanishing.
“You always says the same thing. Don’t tell me that you’ve always been in
contact with Detective Moriarty…” Ian mumbled softly as he picked up a
newspaper in the corner of the billiard room.
Placed on it was the Tussock Times, and beneath it was News at Sea. The
latter was mainly used to report the situations of the different colonies of
the Loen Kingdom and matters at sea, but due to technological restrictions,
the News at Sea that reached Backlund was severely outdated. It wasn’t of
much use to people who needed it, so subscription numbers were low, and
the business was floundering.
Later, with a suggestion from a new chief editor, the newspaper’s style
changed. It had more rumors out at sea, as well as all sorts of strange
matters revolving pirates and adventurers. It appeared more like stories
rather than actual news reports.
To people’s surprise, this change in style was welcomed. As it involved
ghosts, specters, sea monsters, and treasures; it became the semi-literate
people’s prime choice to flaunt their knowledge to the illiterate at the
various bars. After all, although the stories seemed fake, they were
sufficiently interesting.
Ian casually flipped through the newspapers without finding any content of
interest. He only had a deep impression on one of the reports in News at
Sea.
“According to our correspondent, on the night of the 25th March, the King
of Immortality fleet attacked a ship heading from East Balam to Feysac and
plundered all its goods and money. And living up to his title, Slaughterer
Kircheis finished a bloody massacre…”
These pirates are really preposterous… Ian shook his head and lowered the
newspapers. He returned to the card room and continued his game.
Outside the bar, Emlyn boarded a carriage and leaned onto the carriage wall
as he watched the street lamps move past him.
He pinched his nose again and silently muttered, A Wraith?
This arms dealer sure is resourceful… Not bad!
Emlyn closed his eyes as he felt more hopeful about his entrusted mission.
…
The sunlight shone in from outside, dyeing the captain’s cabin golden.
Edwina sat on a chair with a book in hand as she looked opposite her.
“So, you also believe that the Solomon, Trunsoest, and Tudor Empires all
coexisted?”
“This is a necessary condition for the War of the Four Emperors,” Klein
simply replied.
He held a book titled “Book of the Three Worlds.” It originated from a Life
School of Thought member before it landed in Vice Admiral Iceberg’s
hands. It described the material world, the spirit world, and the world
beyond rationality. It included some information on charms, with rather
profound parts. Klein was seriously reading information on this in a bid to
better use the Sea God Scepter and the Worm of Time.
Klein had actually discovered that the books collected by Vice Admiral
Iceberg were various ancient texts that were rather unsystematic. This was
quite different from the characteristics of the Church of the God of
Knowledge and Wisdom which backed her. Therefore, he guessed that the
internal, orthodox, systematic mysticism knowledge of the Church was not
public.
Edwina was just about to ask again when she suddenly realized the Golden
Dream’s cruising speed gradually drop. She looked out the window and
after a few looks, said crisply, “We’ve arrived in Bayam.”