Chapter 1118

: Klein’s Fear
In the past, Rose Redemption could be called the Deity Alliance… But such
an organization could only develop itself quietly under the might of the
ancient sun god. It had to hide, hide, hide, and secretly scheme in the palace
of dusk… How powerful was the ancient sun god in the past… Klein
couldn’t help but let out a breath as he felt deeply poignant.
He examined his own Tarot Club and realized that, compared to the Rose
Redemption, it was like child’s play. Even if he counted the auxiliary
members, Will Auceptin, Pallez Zoroast, Azik Eggers, and Reinette
Tinekerr, there was no way to compare with the Rose Redemption at its
peak.
No, even if I compare it with the current watered-down version of Rose
Redemption, there’s still a huge gap between it and the Tarot Club. After all,
its leader and convener is only a Sequence 4 saint… Klein gave a self-
deprecating laugh as he turned his attention to the eleven figures.
Based on their images, titles, and true names, I can confirm that the Wind
Angel, Wisdom Angel, and White Angel are the current Lord of Storms, the
God of Knowledge and Wisdom, and the Eternal Blazing Sun. “They”
really betrayed the ancient sun god, the City of Silver’s Creator, and “They”
even feasted on the deity “They” served… The God of Combat and Earth
Mother are indeed survivors of the Giant King’s Court. One of them is the
eldest son of the Giant King, and the other is “His” queen. They’re mother
and son, so that way, the fact that Feynapotter didn’t directly declare war on
the Lord of Storms to help Feysac makes things a little odd. It requires
some thought…
Also, the Goddess was indeed a former subsidiary god of the Annihilation
Demonic Wolf, the Goddess of Misfortune, Amanises. After that ancient
god perished, not only did “She” grasp the authority of the Evernight and
successfully ascend to the throne of Sequence 0, she also single-handedly
destroyed all the descendants of Flegrea, sealed the Antigonus family’s
angel within the Nation of the Evernight, and used the Mother of the Sky’s
body as “Her” vessel for a descent… That’s ruthless…
As a Blessed of Evernight, Klein subconsciously raised his head to look
around when he thought of this, afraid that his inner thoughts would leak
out to the outside world.
After entering the foggy town and learning that Antigonus and the Mother
of the Sky were the descendants of the ancient god, Flegrea, Klein had a
certain idea as to the true identity of the Evernight Goddess. After all, in the
history of the City of Silver, it clearly stated that the Annihilation Demonic
Wolf controlled the authority of the Evernight and had many strange
powers.
Combined with the Antigonus family’s possession of the Seer pathway, and
the Mother of the Sky of the Nation of the Night clearly belonging to
Evernight, Klein suspected that the Annihilation Demonic Wolf Flegrea was
an ancient god that had mixed two non-neighboring pathways’ Beyonder
characteristics. Therefore, “He” was extremely crazy and almost irrational.
“His” goal was to destroy and corrupt everything.
Hence, he guessed that the Evernight Goddess might have something to do
with the ancient god, Flegrea. From Groselle’s Travels, he learned that one
of the two subsidiary gods of the Demonic Wolf King had gone missing
after “He” perished, while the other had submitted to the Phoenix Ancestor.
Furthermore, that true name corresponded to Death of the Fourth Epoch,
Mr. Azik’s father. With that, he could vaguely connect the Goddess of
Misfortune Amanises to the Evernight Goddess.
However, due to his temporary status as a Blessed of Evernight, he didn’t
dare think too much about it. Instead, he focused his attention elsewhere.
At this moment, when he saw “Her” real name, he wasn’t too shocked.
Instead, he felt relieved and felt as though he were on firm ground. In
addition, he was even more fearful of the Evernight Goddess.
Because “She” didn’t want the ancient god, Flegrea, to be revived, the
Goddess controlled the various matters of the Seer pathway, preventing
Beyonders who aren’t cleared by “Her” to advance further?
That’s right, that ecclesiastic in Afternoon Town mentioned who tempted
Dark Angel Sasrir, the left hand of God, and the deputy of the divine
kingdom, but he couldn’t say the name, as if it had been “erased.” Isn’t this
a demonstration of “Concealment” powers?
Other than a place like the Giant King’s Court, there’s no way to say the
names “Evernight Goddess” and “Amanises” together. Even if one did, no
one would be able to hear it…
There are two people who convened Rose Redemption, one is Dark Angel
Sasrir, and the other is the Goddess…
Apart from the venue where the ploy was conceived, it’s filled with the
forces of Concealment…
In other words, the Goddess had single-handedly directed the fall of the
ancient sun god, started the Cataclysm, and ended the Third Epoch…
Compared to “Her,” be it Adam or Amon, they are still far from “Her”…
How could such a true deity be so easily trapped by Adam’s arrangements
and be unable to interfere with matters of the real world?
Although it’s not a conspiracy where something the Goddess yearns for the
most is used, making “Her” willingly walk into a trap, how can the
Goddess, who wields the powers of Concealment and plotted the death of
the City of Silver Creator, be unprepared?
Also, what does “This is also in line with ‘His’ thoughts” mean? Who does
“He” refer to?
Uh, after understanding so much hidden history, will I digest the Scholar of
Yore potion on the spot once I drink it… With this in mind, Klein raised his
right hand and rubbed his temples, forcing himself to focus his thoughts
elsewhere. When that ecclesiastic phantom mentioned the fourth King of
Angels, it self-destructed. Was it because the remaining three became true
gods?
However, the residents of the City of Silver would occasionally use the
names Badheil and Herabergen, so why wasn’t there an anomaly?
What is the difference?
The strongest among the Kings of Angels, the left hand of God, Sasrir—
why did “He” disappear into the rivers of history? Uh, perhaps “He” is one
of the present-day evil gods, the True Creator, the Dark Side of the
Universe, or the Mother Tree of Desire?
There are remnants of the godhood of degeneracy outside the hall. Was this
left behind by “Him”?
Yes, the birth of the True Creator is related to the Rose Redemption. How
will “He” react when “He” sees the murals in this hall?
With a thought, Klein cast his gaze at Shepherd Elder Lovia.
The lady looked a little lost. She didn’t seem to understand the titles and
names, but she recognized a portion of them. For example, Angel of Fate
Ouroboros.
She had become a believer of the True Creator in the temple ruins left
behind by Ouroboros.
Derrick also stole a glance at Elder Lovia, but he didn’t notice any obvious
changes in her emotions.
As The Sun of the Tarot Club, Derrick was one of the people present who
knew the situation of the outside world the most. Furthermore, he had long
known who the Kings of Angels were. He suspected that three of them had
later become deities. At this moment, he was the least confused and
perplexed. He was only slightly shocked at Rose Redemption’s level.
This was more exaggerated than he had imagined!
It’s no wonder the Lord perished… Derrick was first enlightened before he
felt his heart turn heavy.
At this moment, he swept his gaze and saw the Chiefs face turn pale and
ugly. He even muttered a few words softly, “This is impossible,
impossible…”
…As far as I can remember, the Chief has never lost his composure like
this… Did he think of the Lord perishing due to Rose Redemption? He
can’t accept that “He” will never return? However, he had long learned of
this from me… Just as Derrick was feeling puzzled, he discovered that,
aside from his tightly pursed lips, the Chiefs expression had returned to
normal.
In the minds of the other members of the exploration team, the prophecy
they had previously learned in Afternoon Town appeared:
“Omnipotent Lord, I repent…. tempted Sasrir. The Kings often came to the
palace belonging to the dusk to conspire.
“It was already too late by the time I discovered all of this. Degeneration,
bloodshed, darkness, rot, murders, corruption, and shadows had already
drowned this piece of land.
“A huge calamity will begin here!”
Haim, who was holding the Unshadowed Crucifix, took a long while to
calm his emotions. He said in a slightly hoarse voice, “This is the place
belonging to the dusk. These are the subsidiary gods and Kings of Angels
during the Second Epoch?
“They plotted everything, causing a huge calamity to happen. They made
the Lord forsake this land?”
Colin Iliad pulled out the two swords in front of him and half-turned
around, calmly replying, “Most likely.”
“If we can figure out what exactly happened back then, do we have a
chance to please the Lord and let ‘Him’ look at this land again?” Upon
hearing the Chiefs answer, Antiona asked anxiously.
At that moment, Derrick seemed to see a trace of pity and sadness in the
Chiefs eyes. He heard him acknowledge and say, “Perhaps.”
“Then let’s continue exploring!” The other team members pleaded with
burning eyes.
This was the closest the City of Silver had gotten to having a glimmer of
hope over the past two to three thousand years. None of them wished to let
it go, even if they had to sacrifice their lives for it.
Colin Iliad slowly surveyed the area and said, “Don’t forget the principles
to uphold during explorations. Don’t act rashly at any time.
“Having confirmed that this place is related to redemption, we can always
come a second time, a third time, or even more. There’s no need to be so
impatient.”
Upon hearing his words, the other members of the exploration team calmed
down. They replied one after another,
Yes, Your Excellency.”
Under the arrangements of Demon Hunter Colin, the remaining members
split up into small groups and carefully searched the hall. They didn’t
discover anything else that was valuable beyond the murals.
Of course, it wasn’t that there was no such thing. This was, after all, a
divine kingdom of an ancient god. What seemed like an ordinary long table,
chairs, stone pillars, and torches might have special effects when taken
outside. Furthermore, those effects could last for a very long period of time.
Alas, it wasn’t convenient for the City of Silver’s expedition team to bring
them around, as they lacked practical value.
As for the other murals, they were profiled from different angles of the
main murals. When combined, they formed a three-dimensional scene.
After completing the search, Derrick and company gathered again and
followed the Chief to the exit at the back of the hall.
There was a gray-blue door with a single pane.
With a ten-meter-tall door between the two of them, Colin Iliad carefully
observed for a while before finally saying, “There’s a powerful guard
outside.”