Chapter 743

: A Diary Page
Above the gray fog, in the palace with the towering dome.
The Fool Klein glanced at The Sun, who had been pulled up ahead of time,
as well as The World who had been conjured in advance. Emanating a little
bit of his spirituality, he made contact with the crimson star representing
Justice, The Hanged Man, The Magician, The Moon, and The Hermit.
Beams of light rose up as relatively blurry figures appeared on the two sides
of the long bronze table.
Justice Audrey, who had just returned from a tree farm leading to the castle,
had already changed into a dress. Her sleeves were layered in laces that
were filled with lustrous pearls.
Like clockwork, she stood up, lifting the corners of her skirt as she curtsied.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~”
Klein instantly felt better as he nodded with a smile in response.
Meanwhile, he couldn’t help but sigh.
To act like a tycoon costs so much money. I wonder how huge the
expenditures are for a noble like Miss Justice…
After all the members exchanged greeting nods, he looked at The Hermit, as
he knew that this pirate admiral would likely provide him with new Roselle
diary entries.
As he had expected, Cattleya spoke out:
“Mr. Fool, I only managed to find one page of Roselle’s diary.”
Just one page? Shouldn’t Queen Mystic be able to produce an entire book
anytime she wants? Klein, who had been met with repeated tribulations
recently, remained composed as he nodded.
“That won’t be a problem.”
Cattleya immediately conjured a yellowish-brown diary page. It then
seemed to tear through the spirit world and enter Mr. Fool’s hands.
Klein deliberately looked down, and he was surprised to discover that the
beginning of the diary entry didn’t have a date.
That means that it’s a second page from another diary page… Why didn’t
Bernadette give me the first page? She should be able to figure out dates.
After all, Old Neil succeeded… Did she not? Or were the diary pages
thrown into a mess, and she wasn’t able to restore them to the correct
order? Does this mean that Emperor Roselle’s belongings were vied for by
various factions after his death? Some were lost, and at that time,
Bernadette was unable to stop them. Only when she became Queen Mystic
did she have the ability to get involved… As Klein guessed, he quickly
began reading the content on the piece of paper.
“How surprising. The Fourth Epoch history divulged by Mr. Door is getting
more and more interesting.
“This unlucky b*stard who’s trapped amidst the storm and lost to the depths
of darkness told me that the Black Emperor died once and had revived
again.
“Surprisingly, this matches what was said in that ancient secret
organization. Back during that gathering, they said that the nine secret
mausoleums of the Black Emperor weren’t all destroyed. Even if this deity
who walked the land were to perish, ‘He’ could resurrect.
“Even if all nine mausoleums were destroyed, as long as the order left
behind by the Black Emperor remained, ‘He’ had the ability to strangely
resurrect. Only with the birth of a new Black Emperor would he be
completely obliterated, never to appear again.
“According to Mr. Door’s description, the Black Emperor had three stages
in the process of ‘His’ resurrection. First is that the Uniqueness leaves the
person possessing it, turning into an abstract concept. Second is when the
subjects of the Black Emperor hear ‘His’ mighty voice again. The third is
that, when fused with the Uniqueness, the Black Emperor would reappear in
the astral world. The three Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics would
automatically be returned into the emperor’s hands. This is an order that
other true deities are unable to distort or prevent.
“This way, the Sequence 1 Prince of Disorder of this pathway, Blood
Emperor, and Night Emperor would be in a rather awkward situation. They
might instantly perish, falling back to Sequence 2. Mr. Door said that back
then, the Lord of Storms and the Evernight Goddess had chosen the Night
Emperor. They helped ‘Him’ switch to a neighboring pathway—the
Judgment pathway. As such, the Tudor-Trunsoest United Empire fractured.
“And Blood Emperor Alista Tudor, who was pushed into a corner, made a
crazy decision. It was to switch to a non-neighboring Beyonder pathway.
He paid the cost of losing his reasoning, becoming a lunatic so as to
forcefully advance and become a true god.
“I have to say that this decision is filled with irrationality. It’s almost
impossible for it to happen, but Mr. Door told me that Alista Tudor
eventually succeeded. The craziest true god was born!
“It’s truly fascinating, but Mr. Door didn’t go into the details since he kept it
from me.
“I asked him which was worse—lunacy or death. ‘He’ said that it was an
obvious choice, death, because as long as one was alive, it wasn’t
impossible to recover even if one was completely mad.
“‘He’ laughed and gave an example. A crazy true god could use ‘His’
instinct to mate with all kinds of living beings, giving birth to all kinds of
descendants. Through this process, if ‘He’ was lucky enough, the
conflicting Beyonder characteristics would be purged. The lunacy would
slowly disappear with time as ‘He’ improves bit by bit.
“Mr. Door deliberately didn’t say if there would be any remnant problems,
nor did he explain why almost no one made such a choice, but I could tell
that there was definitely some huge hidden risks.
“I have to say, Mr. Door’s understanding of true gods far exceeds my
imagination. Before ‘He’ was exiled, ‘He’ might’ve made an attempt to
reach Sequence 0… It’s no wonder ‘He’ shows such contempt to Zaratul,
and he has zero respect for the various true gods.
“This only makes me more unwilling to let ‘Him’ return to the real world.”
There’s plenty of information… It’s no wonder that Bernadette deliberately
chose this diary page… Wait, why did she choose this page? What
important meaning is there behind it? Did problems begin to slowly happen
to Emperor Roselle from that day until he eventually went mad? Mad…
Could it be… No way… Roselle’s situation back then was similar to Blood
Emperor Alista Tudor. His pathway was severed, and the neighboring
pathways were blocked by either people or items, making it difficult to
reach them… C-could it be that under the immense stress, he made an
irrational choice like Blood Emperor, and he had attempted to switch to a
non-neighboring pathway?
This way, the craziness in his later years was a result of him truly losing his
reasoning, not a result of the defamation from others. It’s no wonder
Bernadette hated and betrayed him but is also trying to figure out the
truth… From this angle, certain things have become very interesting.
Roselle forcefully ascended to the throne and declared himself emperor, his
declaration of the Civil Code, using the order from Earth’s 18th and 19th
century to replace the existing order. He wantonly spread his speeches and
promoted his sense of aesthetics…
Heh heh, I really belittled this “senior” of mine. I always thought he was
cosplaying Napoleon or Caesar for his own entertainment. So it was him
making preparations to become the Black Emperor… No, I saw a few pages
of his diary back then. His thought processes were clear, and his emotions
were stable. He could even communicate with various noblewomen of
different ages…
Hmm, he might not have made the final decision back then but was
subconsciously leaving a way out for himself?
The Civil Code probably wasn’t deliberate. As a usurper to the throne,
declaring new laws is necessary, and from what he could use for reference,
the Civil Code was what matched the situation and flow of history…
The actions of him declaring himself emperor later on must be something
Bernadette found incomprehensible. She found it difficult to accept… As
Roselle’s most beloved child, she probably noticed certain abnormalities
with her father before he declared himself king. Hence, she chose the
longest diary page during that period of the emperor’s life to give to
Admiral of Stars… Klein couldn’t help but make connections, as though the
heavy history hidden deep in the fog was being turned over to reveal a page
filled with blood and iron.
This made him curious about the final trigger that made Roselle go mad.
Meanwhile, he also resolved some of his puzzlement.
So the resurrection of the Black Emperor is done this way. It’s very similar
to my previous guess…
In the Fourth Epoch, there was actually a Tudor-Trunsoest United Empire
which was supported by the six deities like the Lord of Storms and the
Evernight Goddess… The two thrones in the ruins in Williams Street can be
explained then, as it belonged to the United Empire…
According to Mr. Door, the six deities chose the Night Emperor, resulting in
the United Empire fracturing. Then, who helped the Blood Emperor capture
or kill the three Sequence 1 Hunters? Among them, Red Angel Medici was
likely stronger than the Blood Emperor from back then… Primordial
Demoness? Death? Primordial Moon? Dark Side of the Universe? Mother
Tree of Desire?
Klein tried listing possibilities for his guesses, but he had nowhere to begin.
He quickly made the diary disappear as he smiled at The Hermit.
“What’s your request?”
Cattleya frankly answered without holding back, “Is there someone else
apart from Emperor Roselle mentioned in this diary entry?”
This question made Audrey turn to look at Mr. Fool. Her eyes sparkled as
they were filled with curiosity. Even her ears seemed to prick up.
Alger was also very interested in the matter. That person definitely wouldn’t
be an ordinary person to be mentioned in Emperor Roselle’s diary!
Klein could guess at their thoughts as he couldn’t help but lampoon
inwardly.
It’s only because this diary entry was specially selected by Bernadette. If it
were any other entries, I’d have to tell you that the other people mentioned
are Demoness A, Demoness B, Hunter A, Hunter B, some aristocratic
ma’am, some aristocratic lady…
After two seconds of consideration, Klein, who was leisurely leaning back
into his chair, replied with a smile, “Mr. Door.”
Mr. Door… To be addressed by Mr. Fool in such a manner, it must be an
existence that’s close to a god, right? Audrey figured out Mr. Door’s status
from the tone and words used as she obtained an affirmative answer.
Cattleya and company also had similar ideas, but no one knew who Mr.
Door was. They looked at each other only to be met with the shaking of
heads.
Seeing Fors and the other members have a uniform reaction, Klein
deliberately looked at the lady and chuckled.
“You shouldn’t be a stranger towards ‘Him.’”
“Ah?” Fors wore a confounded look.
She didn’t feel like she knew a so-called Mr. Door.
This person seemed to be of a very high level!