Chapter 208

: Cry
Beep! Beep! Beep! The telegram set up in the Captain’s office suddenly
came to life, seemingly having received a new telegram.
But Klein and Leonard couldn’t be distracted. They were counting the
movements of the second hand on the clock as their red eyes welled up with
tears.
“10.”
“9.”
“8.”
…
Just then, Dunn Smith carried the silver, bone-like square box into the
reception hall with a solemn expression.
Megose, who was pulling out clump after clump of blond hair, tore a wound
that was deep enough to show her bones. It was as though she was triggered
by something. She suddenly stood and pointed at Dunn Smith in his black
windbreaker. She shrieked, “You want to kill my child!
“You want to kill my child!”
Boom! The shrill and terrifying voice reverberated. Klein felt like he was
being struck in the head with a sledgehammer. He suddenly forgot to count
as he had a headache and felt dizzy.
His vision went red, and there seemed to be liquid flowing from the tip of
his nose.
He subconsciously looked sideways, and he saw the corner of Leonard
Mitchell’s eyes. The tip of his nose and the corners of his lips were covered
in fresh blood. His face was extremely pale, and his body was wavering as
though he was about to fall.
I’m probably in the same state… Klein reined back his thoughts and
continued to count in silence as he skipped two numbers.
“5.”
“4.”
…
Struck by the terrifyingly sharp voice, Dunn Smith’s deep gray eyes were
filled with red veins. Every single strand was crystal clear.
The blood vessels in his face protruded out as well; every one of them like a
poisonous snake. There was also a gurgle as red liquid flowed out of his
ears as well.
Despite that, he did feel dizzy. Other than his right hand pausing, his strong
willpower drove him to press down on Saint Selena’s urn and open the lid.
Inside the box, there was deep darkness. In the darkness, there was fine
resplendent sand. The scene was magically beautiful, just like a starry night
being stored in a box.
The surroundings suddenly became dark, and the darkness engulfed the
entire reception hall. In the air, there were countless black, cold, and smooth
threads were floating.
They surged towards Megose and entangled her almost instantly.
It wasn’t like a spider web, but more like the tentacles of some unknown
creature!
Megose had already torn out her right eyeball. It hung by a thin cord of
flesh underneath her eye socket. She stared at Dunn Smith with hatred as
she roared, “You must die!”
Bang! Dunn was cast away by a formless force and slammed heavily into
the wall opposite. The wall cracked, and bricks were thrown up.
He spat a mouthful of fresh blood onto the ground, but both his hands were
still tightly holding onto Saint Selena’s urn. He held onto it for dear life and
kept it from falling to the ground.
Those countless black, cold, and smooth threads tightened and bound
Megose firmly to the spot. No matter how much blight-tainted flames rose
up suddenly, or how her skin began to secrete a liquid that smelt like
brimstone, neither of those defenses dealt any damage to the threads
holding onto her.
“3!”
“2!”
“1!”
Klein and Leonard dashed out through the partition simultaneously. One of
them was holding onto a warm thin gold slice, and the other had already
aimed his five fingers with the Blood Vessel Thief wound around his left
wrist at Megose.
Megose, who no longer looked human, struggled as flesh protruded from
both sides of her shoulders. They were a mixture of blood vessels and green
veins, round like a child’s head.
Above the two heads, cracks rapidly spread and seemingly turned into a
pair of eyes.
Megose suddenly noticed danger approaching, and she opened her mouth.
The corner of her lips cracked all the way up to her ears.
She was going to deal the Blaspheme Curse to every enemy that attempted
to harm her child!
At that moment, Leonard clenched his left hand into a fist as his wrist made
a half turn.
His pale face turned livid, and the vessels protruded like bunch of tiny
poisonous worms.
“…” Megose’s Blaspheme Curse was left stuck in her throat as it came to a
sudden halt.
She seemed to have lost the ability to speak and the ability to evoke curses.
Klein seized the opportunity and muttered an ancient Hermes word in a
deep voice.
“Light!”
I want light, and there will be light!
He suddenly felt the thin gold slice that was covered in mysterious patterns
become boiling hot as he saw it emit a blinding light, as though it had
become a miniature sun.
Right on the heels of that, Klein injected more than half his spirituality into
it and threw the Flaring Sun Charm towards the restrained Megose!
The reception hall instantly turned transparent as darkness and gloominess
vanished simultaneously. The black fine threads that entangled Megose
shrank as though they were instinctively avoiding something.
But before Megose obtained her freedom, she already saw the sunlight.
At some point in the fight, a hole had ruptured in the ceiling of the
Blackthorn Security Company, and the hole went all the way to the rooftop
of the third floor. The bright blue sky and glaring sunlight shined through
simultaneously.
The thin gold slice combined with the sunlight above Megose’s and
immediately expanded in size. It went from a spherical light to a sphere
with countless flames spiraling around it.
Rumble!
The entire building shook vigorously, and the glass windows on the nearby
streets shattered.
However, the power of the spherical light concentrated its might at its core,
without dissipating much.
It enveloped Megose, and the light was so glaring that Klein, Dunn, and
Leonard couldn’t open their eyes.
Klein held back his tears and looked through squinted eyes. He saw that the
light had dispersed, but the flames were still soaring. Among them, there
were many black ashes dancing in the air.
Megose and the baby in her stomach were nowhere to be seen. Just like the
coffee table, water glass, newspaper, and sofa in the area.
Is it over? Did we finish the son of an evil god before it descended upon this
world, taking “His” mother out at the same time? Klein still couldn’t
believe it.
His experience of playing video games told him that the final boss couldn’t
be taken care of so easily!
Suddenly, he felt goosebumps all over. His Clown instincts told him that
there was extreme danger approaching!
Without thinking, Klein rolled to the left abruptly.
Just then, a long arm with an extremely sharp white bone blade cleaved the
spot, seemingly out of nowhere. The monstrosity had an abnormal beauty,
and it floated in mid-air. It was unbelievably fast and almost impossible to
dodge its attacks.
Whoosh!
Klein’s clothing on the right side of his chest was ripped apart, his skin
ruptured, and his flesh, along with his bones, was split into two!
The wound was so deep that he could almost see one of his lungs.
If it wasn’t because he sensed danger approaching beforehand and dodged
in time, that slash would’ve sliced him in half.
But, even so, Klein slowed down. Extreme pain filled his head and scattered
his consciousness.
At the end of the white bone blade, a figure rapidly flew out. If it wasn’t for
the bump on its stomach, perhaps no one could identify it as Megose.
Her hair and dress had been burned entirely. The skin on her face and body
was charred black and was peeling off, flake after flake. Her nose had
melted, leaving only two small black holes behind. Her eyeballs were
nowhere to be seen, and there were faint white flames dancing in the empty
sockets.
The two “heads” that had popped up from both sides of Megose’s shoulders
had been burned away. Her left arm had become the white bone blade that
she was holding; it looked demonic, yet holy.
Creak!
As the ground shook, Megose ignored Dunn and Leonard, as well as the
black, cold, and smooth fine threads that were hurtling towards her again.
She phased over to Klein who had come to a stop after rolling away. She
aimed the white bone blade at Klein’s neck and was about to slash down.
Suddenly, she heard a voice that contained a rich blasphemous tone.
“Submit!”
Leonard lifted his left hand and aimed his palm at Megose. The Sealed
Artifact 2-105 wrapped around his wrist had turned from a thick pale,
blood-tainted blood vessel into a crimson “intestine” that had expanded to
the point that it looked ready to explode.
With the aid of the Blood Vessel Thief, Leonard had successfully stolen
Megose’s Blaspheme Curse and was attempting to use her power to seize
control of her!
Only an ability at her level was effective!
Under the influence of the Blaspheme Curse, Megose bent her waist, and
her knees were constantly trembling. Her motions came to a halt as the
surrounding black threads surrounded her as though they had found a
delicious prey. Klein also took the opportunity to roll in the opposite
direction, leaving a trail of fresh crimson blood behind him.
However, he got some reprieve from his extreme pain and reached his hand
into his pocket. He took out the last Flaring Sun Charm.
He took the opportunity when Megose was stationary to finish her off, once
and for all!
If she were to hold out until the “baby” was born, the outcome would be
beyond their imagination!
Boom!
Megose’s head exploded on its own. Her charred skin and flesh flew in all
directions.
But her headless body seized the opportunity to shake off the effect of the
Blaspheme Curse!
Boom! Megose’s charred body transformed into a projectile that shot
towards Leonard. Since the Blaspheme Curse had been forcefully disrupted,
Leonard was temporarily frozen on the spot.
At that moment, Dunn Smith was still holding onto Saint Selena’s urn
tightly. His face was abnormally pale, and the black, cold threads that were
created was still short of surrounding Megose.
Creak!
Megose slammed into Leonard, throwing him to the wall. The wall
collapsed from the impact.
Leonard’s bones cracked, and there was blood spewing out from his mouth
incessantly. Without even having the urge to struggle, he fainted instantly.
Megose raised her white bone blade, but the countless black threads that
emanated from Saint Selena’s urn enveloped her again and was about to
bind her to the ground.
Without the luxury of time to mind his injuries, Klein quickly took out the
thin charm.
Just as he was going to recite the ancient Hermes incantation, something
suddenly sounded in the deep, dark, yet quiet room.
“Waaa!”
It was the cry of a baby.