Chapter 1230

: Meeting Again
As he had personal experience, Klein placed himself in the shoes of the
Dark Demonic Wolf and pondered.
Usually, he would shut down the automatic prayer response to prevent an
enemy from using the feedback to establish a connection and lock onto his
position;
Under this premise, to receive a sudden prayer from a stranger would no
doubt lead to “Him” relying on the corresponding point of light to observe
the supplicant and grasp more information. This allowed “Him” to make
preparations for what might happen in the future;
If the person chanting the honorific name was a powerful existence like
Amon or someone relatively more familiar, it would be best to destroy that
point of light immediately. However, if the person was a stranger, under
such a situation where “He” was completely safe, “He” would monitor him
for a long period of time to understand the exact situation and see if there
was a need for a counterattack. It was something that every rational creature
would most likely do. At the very least, Klein would do so.
The essence of this matter was that non-Mythical Creatures were marked by
high-level existences. They could die in a baffling and tragic manner at any
moment. To the supplicant, this was equivalent to suicide or something
even more terrifying. To the Dark Demonic Wolf, it was only a positive
outcome, nothing negative.
At the beginning, the suspicious Dark Demonic Wolf would definitely
suspect that there was a conspiracy. “He” wouldn’t dare to establish a
connection and influence Klein from a distance. However, with the passage
of time, as the observations deepened and a confirmation was made that the
other party was a non-angel weakling who possessed the aura of Sefirah
Castle with signs of being unprepared, “He” would definitely find an
opportunity to attack from afar. At the time when Klein was most
unprepared, “He” would mark the prayer light and deal a remote attack.
This aligned with Klein’s previous conclusion about his advantage that
Klein—”I’m very weak.”
The only problem with this plan was that the initiative was completely in
the hands of the Dark Demonic Wolf. Everything Klein did would be
monitored, and there was no way to prepare ahead of time. Once the other
party tried to exert “His” influence on him, he would not be able to fight
back and wouldn’t be spared.
Phew, by doing so, I would successfully bait the prey, but kill the hunter as
a result… It’s meaningless… Yet, if I don’t place myself in such a passive
position, it will be difficult to bait an angel of the Seer pathway, the
paranoid demonic wolf… This is something that a marionette or others
cannot do in my stead… If only I can be certain that the Dark Demonic
Wolf wouldn’t rashly attack remotely because of “His” paranoia and will
only choose to monitor and observe… Thoughts raced through Klein’s mind
as he sought out the possibilities amongst numerous impossibilities.
With regards to this, he could only sigh inwardly, feeling regretful for not
being an angel from the Spectator pathway.
According to his assumptions, the angels of the Spectator pathway would
more or less have some special characteristics of “the more others know
about you, the more you understand them.” When the Dark Demonic Wolf
monitored him closely through prayer light and ended up carefully
observing an angel from the Spectator pathway, “His” position would
undoubtedly be exposed to the other party.
Unfortunately, I’m not… Besides, the Spectator pathway’s Sequence 2
might not be able to do so. I can only be certain that a Sequence 1 has this
special trait… Summoning 0-08 from the fog of history? No, let’s not talk
about whether I can summon that quill without Groselle’s Travels. Even if I
successfully create a projection, the quill is a quill while I am still myself.
The Dark Demonic Wolf’s understanding of me doesn’t make 0-08 do the
reverse. Also, I can only use it for a mere two minutes. It wouldn’t be
enough to sense anything… It can be used as supplementary to the plan,
writing the development I wish to see happen, making the Dark Demonic
Wolf’s “choice” appear reasonable so as to eliminate uncertain elements…
Klein considered for a long while, but he failed to find a suitable plan to
bait his prey.
Apart from feeling regretful that he wasn’t a Sequence 1 angel of the
Spectator pathway, he had also thought of the cosmos:
Just learning of it would result in corruption from the cosmos!
If I had the nature of the cosmos, then after the Dark Demonic Wolf uses
the prayer point of light to monitor me, “He” would be corrupted, allowing
me to lock onto “His” position. However, the cosmos’s nature is higher than
that of an angel. How could I have it… I keep feeling like I’ve forgotten
something… Klein made The World Gehrman Sparrow shake his head
indiscernibly as he surveyed the area.
“There’s no need to discuss the answer now. You can go back and
communicate with the right person with suitable methods.”
He focused his attention on The Star Leonard and The Hermit Cattleya,
hoping that they would be able to get advice from the existences that were
more experienced such as Pallez Zoroast and Queen Mystic Bernadette.
As for himself, he would return to Backlund with the aid of the historical
projection. He would seek advice from Miss Messenger, Will Auceptin, and
the ascetic, Arianna.
This is what it means to seek the opinions of angels or quasi-Angels before
making a major decision… Klein made a self-deprecatory comment.
When Leonard and Cattleya heard that, they nodded in unison.
“Alright.”
Following that, the members of the Tarot Club began discussing the
situations of the various battlefields until the end of the gathering.
…
After returning to the real world, Leonard, who was resting in Saint Samuel
Cathedral’s basement, spoke in a low voice, explaining all the questions that
Klein had posed to him and said, “Old Man, do you have any suggestions?”
“This is him trying to obtain the Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristic
left behind in the Forsaken Land of the Gods…” Pallez Zoroast was first
enlightened before he chuckled. “Tell your former colleague that there’s no
way he can resolve this matter himself. I only have one suggestion. That is
to seek help from The Fool!”
Leonard knew Old Man’s character very well. He hurriedly asked, “Is this
really the only suggestion?”
Pallez Zoroast harrumphed and said, “That’s a Mythical Creature that even
Amon can’t capture. It’s possible only by relying on The Fool’s help.”
Only then did Leonard nod and sigh.
“It seems that’s the only way…”
…
Two days later, two minutes before the meeting time that The Moon Emlyn
had agreed to meet Maric.
Fors sat on a reclining chair beside the fireplace and listened to the
commotion on the second floor. She cast her gaze at her friend, Xio.
“If the war continues, Backlund will definitely suffer more attacks. Are you
really not going to evacuate your mother and brother to the surrounding
villages?”
Xio’s short, light-blonde hair was parted in an asymmetrical fashion and
was neatly combed. Compared to last year, she looked more serious and had
the bearing of an adjudicator. She was like a high-ranking knight leading an
order of knights.
She hesitantly said, “The population in the surrounding villages has reached
its limit. Besides, I can still get enough food from MI9 now.”
Having said that, she paused and said, “If the flames of war really reach
Backlund, take them ‘Traveling’ to Intis and Feynapotter…”
“It seems that’s the only way…” Just as Fors was about to mention the
matter of her buying food in Intis a few days ago, she suddenly heard the
alarm ring.
She shivered and suddenly sat up straight. She stretched out her right hand,
which was wearing a red string, and grabbed into the air.
Her arm sank as she pulled out Gehrman Sparrow, who was wearing a silk
top hat and a black trench coat without glasses.
The cold adventurer’s eyes rolled and gained consciousness, reducing the
amount of spirituality that Miss Magician had to expend.
He nodded gently as he made the glove on his left hand become transparent.
In less than a second, Gehrman Sparrow “Teleported” away and
disappeared from Fors and Xio’s rented apartment.
“…” Fors was stunned for a moment before the corners of her mouth
twitched slightly. She turned to Xio and said, “I think I’m just a tool…”
…
The sky was already dark, but the street lamps weren’t lit up. Only the
crimson moon illuminated the entire city.
When Klein arrived at the agreed-upon place, he looked around and saw the
unusually cold streets, the burning marks on the walls, and the collapsed
buildings not far away for a few seconds.
Just based on what he saw, Backlund was desolate and dilapidated. It even
had the smell of gunpowder wafting through the city.
At this moment, Emlyn White walked out of an alley and nodded at the
crazy adventurer.
According to Gehrman Sparrow’s instructions, he didn’t say a word or bow.
To prevent any delay in whatever precious time Gehrman Sparrow had, he
led him to a nearby house and knocked on the door rhythmically.
With a creak, the door opened automatically, revealing a dark environment
blanketed with faint moonlight.
The moment Emlyn and Klein entered, they saw the white-shirt and black-
vested Maric sitting on the sofa. The door behind them seemed to have a
life of its own as it slammed to a close.
After taking a glance at him, Emlyn smiled and pointed at him.
“This is my partner, Mr. Gehrman Sparrow.”
Just as he finished speaking, he suddenly realized that the way Maric
looked at him was even odder, as though he was examining an idiot.
“Long time no see.” Maric immediately stood up, pressed his hand to his
chest, and bowed at Sherlock Moriarty.
Since the other party didn’t appear in the image of Sherlock Moriarty, he
definitely wouldn’t take the initiative to mention such matters.
“Long time no see.” Klein took off his hat and surveyed the area. “Miss
Sharron, please come out for the discussion. I have limited time.”
As he spoke, he took out a silver adventurer’s harmonica and blew into it.
A figure wearing a dark and complicated long dress holding four blonde,
red-eyed heads walked out from the void.
The messenger summoned by the harmonica’s historical projection was an
objective existence. It didn’t increase the spirituality burden of Fors.
At the same time, Maric nodded and said, “Alright.”
He cast his gaze on the high stool on the other side of the room.
Emlyn looked at the Wraith in a daze, then at Gehrman Sparrow and the
spirit world creature he summoned. For some reason, he felt like he had
been ostracized and didn’t belong here.
And on that high stool, a figure quickly outlined itself. Her skin was fair
like a doll, and she wore an exquisite black regal dress and a small bonnet
of the same color. Her blonde hair and blue eyes were slightly pale in color.