Chapter 889

: Warning to Everyone
Don’t dare to mention it or show it… At least for Arrodes, the Mother Tree
of Desire is definitely stronger than Sequence 1 Zaratul. No, it’s even
stronger than the Monster pathway’s Uniqueness, Die of Probability…
There should be a way to circumvent the restriction to get Arrodes to
display the corresponding information, such as bringing it above the gray
fog… Heh heh, how is that possible? That won’t happen unless I’m already
an angel and in complete control of that mysterious space… Klein’s eyes
moved slightly without pressing the question. He asked, “It’s your turn to
ask.”
The full-body mirror’s silver light turned brisk, forming a new sentence:
“Great Master, what other instructions do you have for me?”
Nice question! Klein thought for a moment and said, “After I leave
Backlund, take note of Dr. Aaron Ceres’s family. Once his wife gives birth,
remember to mention it to me when I summon you.”
After careful consideration, Klein believed that leaving this matter to
Arrodes was for the best. After all, no one could monitor Dr. Aaron’s
residence twenty-four hours a day. And what Klein needed to do was to
switch residences at the end of the month to turn on the radio transceiver
once.
“Alright, Master~” The words on the mirror reflected Arrodes’s mood. “I
have a question.”
“Speak.” Klein nodded, giving permission.
This time, the sentence Arrodes presented were filled with pauses as though
it was very hesitant.
“Great Master, what relationship does that child have with you?”
It seemed to be puzzled why a supreme ruler above the spirit world would
pay so much attention to a yet-to-be-born infant.
Hmm, I’ve already said that it’s the yet-to-be-born child of Dr. Aaron Ceres;
yet Arrodes fails to notice anything special about Will Auceptin… When it
comes to hiding his fate and special traits, a Snake of Fate is far better than
the angels of the other Sequences. However, the magic mirror is able to
accurately give me the time when Tail Devourer Ouroboros would leave
Backlund… Hmm, it’s likely that Will Auceptin’s reboot makes it difficult for
high-leveled existences to notice anything. This might also be why “He”
can avoid the Angel of Fate… Klein answered in enlightenment, “Friends.”
About being Will Auceptin’s godfather, it was just a casual thought. He
didn’t have much confidence about that or dare to force it, afraid that he
would annoy the Snake of Fate.
“Only friends…” Arrodes revealed an inexplicable sense of disappointment
in its words. “Great Master, you can ask a question.”
Klein thought for a moment before saying, “Do you know who the person I
met at the East Balam Military Veterans Mess is?
“If you aren’t sure who I’m referring to, I can draw him for you.”
In the dark and deep mirror, aqueous light surfaced, producing a cold and
bearded man with dark blue eyes. It was none other than the demigod Klein
suspected to be of the Black Emperor pathway.
Meanwhile, the corresponding text appeared beneath the “picture.”
“He’s Brigadier General Qonas Kilgor. He’s from MI9 and is a deputy
director. He’s known to be a Sequence 5 from the Lawyer pathway, but he
wields a powerful Sealed Artifact.”
MI9… Brigadier General… Deputy director… From the looks of it, he’s the
representative of the spy network for the faction of the royal family… Klein
memorized the information given to him by the magic mirror. But for a
moment, he was at a loss as to the direction for the investigation. After all,
Qonas was a demigod, and be it spying or sounding him out, it would easily
put him in an alert state regardless of whether he did it himself or
commissioned someone else. It was bound to provoke revenge.
The only reliable idea he had was to rely on Miss Justice to do some
gathering of information. Not only was her standing high, she also had the
social connections to obtain the relevant information. Furthermore, she was
a Sequence 6 of the Spectator pathway. She could steer topics of
conversation without garnering any suspicion, allowing her to complete her
observation stealthily.
I have to say that, although Spectators have lacking combat abilities, they
are a force to be reckoned with in other aspects. Besides, with the powers of
Psychiatrist and Hypnotist, Spectators can control and guide the direction
of a battle to a certain extent… Klein reflected over it as he wondered what
else he could ask Arrodes about.
At this moment, the light from the mirror’s surface faded and formed a new
sentence:
“Great Master, do you wish to know the mastermind behind Cuarón’s
suicide?”
You are even providing me intelligence on your own accord? Although I’ve
already extricated myself from this matter, I haven’t been too actively
involved in it and am just awaiting the Nighthawks’ investigations. I didn’t
even find it necessary to ask about it… Klein chuckled inwardly and
nodded.
“Yes.”
The full-body mirror produced a silver line of text:
“Royal family’s consultant, Hvin Rambis, one of the councillors of the
Psychology Alchemists.”
Psychology Alchemists? Royal family’s consultant? Klein immediately
frowned.
He found it difficult to determine what the Psychology Alchemists were
plotting, or if a particular faction of the royal family was dissatisfied with
the current political climate and was attempting to “nudge” it.
The Psychology Alchemists isn’t like I imagined, being focused on
academics and the exploration of ancient ruins… Do all secret
organizations attempt to grasp power at a certain point to influence the
world? An anchor’s requirement? I wonder if Hvin Rambis’s ploy is a
personal act or decided by the organization. If it’s the former, that’s still
alright, but if it’s the latter, it will be easier for Miss Justice to encounter
difficult choices as her standing in the Psychology Alchemists rises…
Klein’s thoughts whirred as he returned to the question-and-answer game.
He deliberated and asked, “What else do you wish to say?”
If anyone else had asked such a question, Klein believed that Arrodes would
smite them with lightning or use another malicious method to tease them.
However, he believed that, as a supreme ruler above the spirit world, he had
the right to ask such a question. It was also an opportunity to test Arrodes’s
bottom line.
The silver light on the full-body mirror’s surface transformed into another
new line without any hesitation:
“Great Master, Amon is already in Backlund as you expected.
“As it’s ‘His’ avatar that came, I can see it.”
What do you mean as I expected? When did I expect it? Klein pricked up
his brows and said,
“I’m aware.
“Alright. That’s it for today. I’ll summon you again using the radio
transceiver if I come across any more questions.”
“Yes, Master, your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, is constantly
awaiting your orders! Goodbye~” The mirror’s surface depicted an
emoticon of waving a handkerchief.
Klein watched in silence until everything was restored to normal.
On the second day, which was a Monday. He had already made preparations
to head to the Southern Continent. Apart from the luggage that contained
two sets of clothes, 500 pounds, and some miscellaneous clothing that was
meant for show, he threw the remaining 12,125 pounds and 87 gold coins
above the gray fog.
The reason why he was so careful was because Klein had a deep impression
on his last death and resurrection. If he hadn’t had an anonymous account
with a few hundred pounds from Miss Justice, he had no idea how long he
had to wander the streets. Perhaps he had to really get a job at the circus to
be a clown, or he’d have to head to a certain gangster leader’s place to
“borrow” some money.
Seeing that it was almost three, Klein headed up above the gray fog,
prepared to have this week’s Tarot Gathering.
He had previously done a divination here, and he received the conclusion
that, unless they were in the same building, Blasphemer Amon was unable
to detect a Tarot Club member being pulled up into the mysterious space
above the gray fog.
Before long, dark red beams shot up in the grand palace, materializing into
blurry figures.
Having confirmed that she was restarting her psychology lessons this week
and having reestablished contact with the Psychology Alchemists, Audrey
looked towards the end of the long bronze table in a relatively good mood.
She stood up, raised the corners of her skirt, and bowed.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~”
Opposite her, The Hanged Man also got up and bowed, but he had another
question on his mind.
He had originally promised The World Gehrman Sparrow that he would
give him the mystical item made from the Ocean Songster Beyonder
characteristic last week. But to his dismay, something happened to the
Artisan, preventing him from handing it over in time.
With regards to this, Alger planned on explaining the reason to The World
at the Tarot Gathering before personally taking action to resolve the
problems of the Artisan.
After the bow and exchanging greetings, Cattleya was just about to say
something when she saw Mr. Fool rap the edges of the mottled table.
This dull knock made all the Tarot Club members tense up. They had no
idea what Mr. Fool was about to say.
It must be something serious! Something that’s emphasized by Mr. Fool at
the beginning must be something serious! Audrey determined inwardly.
The Fool Klein surveyed the area and said with a smile, “Amon recently
came to Backlund. An avatar.”
Amon? Blasphemer Amon? Derrick instantly felt his unpleasant memories
become invoked.
Be it parasitizing the former team captain, asking “are you looking for me?”
or coiling around his Spirit Body like a snake, Amon with his pointed hat
was a nightmare he couldn’t shirk away from.
One had to know that, as a resident of the City of Silver, Derrick had seen
plenty of terrifying monsters. Only a few could make him feel uneasy and
fearful just from a mere recollection.
Amon has headed to Backlund where Miss Justice and Miss Magician are
living? What does “He” want? What should they do? Derrick suddenly felt
nervous for his companions.
Amon… This ancient King of Angels has returned to the real world? Indeed,
when a revolution is about to happen or is descending, the waves of the
times will come flooding in… Alger’s eyes narrowed as he recalled what
Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos had once said to him.
Cattleya’s thoughts were similar to his. As the King of Angels had
reappeared in the Northern Continent, she could catch a “whiff” of the
unease. A phrase surfaced in her mind: the changing of an epoch!
Amon! Angel of Time Amon… An ancient King of Angels… Audrey
trembled in concern. She glanced at The Magician Fors and Mr. Moon who
wore blank and horrified looks and couldn’t help but look towards the end
of the long bronze table.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, can I think of a way to inform the Church of this
matter?”