Chapter 1070

: Maybe It’s Real
Liveseyd was a floating city that the Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt
“imagined” out of thin air. No matter what, it was a miracle, a divine
miracle.
It was even more magnificent than the Giant King’s Court—more rugged
and unique. Every stone pillar was nearly 100 meters tall, like a throne for
the dragon to rest on. It was a city that left a deep, unforgettable impression
just from hearing about it.
Therefore, although Audrey had never actually seen the City of Miracles,
she instantly made connections from witnessing the scene. Of course, one
of the main reasons for knowing that was because she knew that Groselle’s
Travels came from the Dragon of Imagination, Ankewelt.
As for Klein, as he had once divined the origins of Groselle’s Travels and
had seen the real City of Miracles, the Floating City, and now, he was sure
that the island-sized city in the middle of the deep-sea crater was identical
to Liveseyd. All it lacked were the dragons that flew in every direction!
Is this real, or is it a clone? Or is it a gathering of some special creature’s
subconscious in the book world? Klein was slightly surprised as he quickly
analyzed the situation.
According to his divination results and the contents of the dream from
Giant Guardian Groselle and Elven Songster Siatas, he was certain that,
when Groselle’s Travels was created, the City of Miracles Liveseyd still
existed. When it reached the Giant King’s Court, the City of Miracles
Liveseyd still existed. When Groselle began his adventure and when Siatas
was sucked into the book world, Liveseyd still existed. If the City of
Miracles Liveseyd were to vanish, the various supernatural races wouldn’t
have any reaction.
In other words, these facts were undeniable proof that the city in the middle
of the deep-sea crater was unlikely to be Liveseyd.
But very quickly, Klein remembered something.
That was the answer that Arrodes had once given him:
“…certain that it first appeared among the dragons, after the disappearance
of the City of Miracles, Liveseyd.”
This is interesting… What did the magic mirror rely on to confirm that
Groselle’s Travels was the first to appear and to believe that it was after the
disappearance of the City of Miracles Liveseyd? It wasn’t even able to see
matters related to Zaratul, so how could it pry into the origins of an ancient
god’s possession? I originally used this conclusion to infer and consider
things, but this point was completely overturned by my divination. I never
expected… Klein observed the tall stone columns and magnificent city as
many thoughts ran through his mind.
Suddenly, he grasped onto an idea:
The last owner of Groselle’s Travel was Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina, a
member of the Church of Knowledge. They believe in the God of
Knowledge and Wisdom;
The God of Knowledge and Wisdom can almost be confirmed to be one of
the Kings of Angels who served the ancient sun god, the Angel of Wisdom;
And from the Church’s history and the history of the Third Epoch, it’s
reasonable to suspect that the Angel of Wisdom is most likely the Dragon of
Wisdom, Herabergen!
This was the Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt’s subsidiary god, a high-
level member of the dragons!
This… The appearance of Groselle’s Travels after the disappearance of the
City of Miracles was thanks to the God of Knowledge and Wisdom passing
it around through a certain method, which had convinced the magic mirror?
If “He” really is a Dragon of Wisdom, it means that “He” was directly
involved, and “His” level was already very high back then. “His”
understanding of this matter definitely trumps the Groselle and Siatas… But
how do I explain the scene I divined above the gray fog? Just recalling it
now makes my head ache. What I saw was definitely the ancient god,
Dragon of Imagination, “Himself… Klein cheered up when he managed to
string up all these matters together, but he also fell into a state of
puzzlement.
He tossed the gold coin continuously and quickly came up with some
theories.
Since the City of Miracles, Liveseyd, was “imagined,” couldn’t it just be
“imagined” again after it disappeared?
The original Liveseyd was stuffed into the book by the Dragon King
Ankewelt. Then, the one that subsequently existed was one “He”
“imagined” again?
This could fool all the dragons, but not the one that was known for being
intelligent?
If this were true, then there were actually two instances of the City of
Miracles, Liveseyd. The one here is the oldest one…
But here comes the question. Why didn’t the Dragon of Wisdom enter the
book “Himself1? Even if “He” wasn’t a Spectator, with “His” title of being
omniscient and omnipotent, “He” should have enough powers to perform a
deeper exploration…
“He” has actually been here a long time ago, but didn’t alert any living
beings in the book. Also, because of certain motives, “He” left this City of
Miracles here?
As thoughts surfaced in Klein’s mind, The Star Leonard, who had both
hands in his pockets, looked at him and then at Miss Justice, who had also
been looking down in silence for a long time. He took the initiative to speak
and break the silence:
“This city is grand and magnificent. It clearly doesn’t belong to humans or
humanoid creatures, but there’s no need to stare at it for so long. You’re not
an architect after all.”
Klein gathered his thoughts and glanced at Leonard.
“This might very well be Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt’s City of
Miracles, Liveseyd. In a sense, it’s the divine kingdom of an ancient god.”
Of course, if there was really another Liveseyd, the nature of the divine
kingdom here didn’t hold much importance. “Divine kingdom…”
Leonard’s pupils dilated as he repeated the keyword.
Audrey regained her senses and whispered, “Is it really Liveseyd?”
“It’s only possible.” Klein had already calmed down and replied simply,
“It’s not floating in the air like the legends, but has sunken to the bottom of
the sea of collective subconscious, so it’s hard to tell if it’s real or fake.”
At this moment, Leonard finally managed to control himself. He looked at
the magnificent city in the deep-sea crater again and smiled self-
deprecatingly.
“I didn’t expect the day when I’ll come to the divine kingdom of an ancient
god…”
Frankly, if Miss Justice wasn’t here, he wouldn’t have been able to help but
marvel at how “rich” Klein’s life was.
Ever since he reunited with his former teammate, not only did he meet the
two sons of god—Kings of Angels—he had also entered the mysterious
book world and found a city suspected to be a divine kingdom.
This was many times more interesting than what he had experienced in the
past year. The level of such matters was many times higher!
Of course, it was a lot more dangerous.
Having said that, he looked up at the floating “seawater phantoms” and
asked thoughtfully, “How do you know if the sea of collective subconscious
is real or if it’s imagined?”
This was a continuation of the problem of determining Liveseyd’s
authenticity.
Audrey thought for a while and said with uncertainty, “There’s no way to
tell the difference, or rather, the sea of collective subconscious here is also
real.
“In essence, collective subconscious is the accumulation and settling of
strong emotions and feelings. Although the people in this world may be
imaginary, their experiences, feelings, joy, anger, sadness, pain, and
happiness, they all truly happened before…”
As she spoke, Audrey stopped as she vaguely realized something, but she
was unable to say it out loud.
At this moment, Klein suddenly said, “The objects that ‘He’ can imagine
will be conjured. The kingdom ‘He’ dreams of will surely descend upon the
physical world…”
As his voice echoed, Klein put away the gold coin in his hand and jumped
into the deep-sea crater, his black trench coat flaring up as a result.
The future that ‘He’ declares will definitely be carried out, becoming
reality…”
As his figure glided down, the following words came out.
Audrey’s green eyes were dazed at first before they lit up. Then, she
“jumped” towards the City of Miracles.
“Aren’t you going to divine the level of danger? This might be the divine
kingdom of an ancient god!” Leonard looked at the two of them in surprise
and blurted out.
In the education he received, this wasn’t in line with the standard operating
procedures.
When did you get the wrong impression that I didn’t divine it? You just
didn’t notice my tiny actions. I just put away the gold coin… Also, I didn’t
get any warnings from my intuition for danger… Furthermore, if my theory
is right, then the Dragon of Wisdom Herabergen should’ve entered this
place before…If there’s any form of danger that w head, it would’ve long
been finished off by “Him”… If Miss Justice wasn’t here, I’d really wish to
berate you… As Klein silently lampooned, he adjusted his direction and
speed, passing through a few thick stone columns that stood nearly a
hundred meters tall. He descended one level after another before stepping
onto the grayish-white ground.
He was in a Spirit Body state now and could fly if he wanted to.
About two to three seconds later, the silver-masked Justice Audrey landed
beside him.
Audrey looked up, and after reeling from a few seconds of shock due to the
grandeur of the stone columns and palace, she said, “Looking from the
inside and looking from a distance feels completely different…
“Perhaps, this is how a rat truly feels in Backlund…”
As she spoke, Leonard also glided over and looked sideways at Klein.
It wasn’t that he didn’t believe in Klein, nor was he unaware of how
cautious he was. He just needed to clarify such matters in a joint operation,
because there was the possibility of teammates being unknowingly
corrupted, turning reckless.
This was a conclusion the Nighthawks gleaned from their experience of
repeated sacrifices.
“Currently, the indications don’t point to much danger,” Klein said
truthfully.
Leonard no longer looked around and said, “The City of Miracles is really
big…
“I mean that, for such a big city, even if we can fly, we won’t be able to
completely explore it without spending a few days here. Or perhaps, do you
have a destination in mind?”
The second half of his sentence was said while looking at Klein.
Klein nodded and pointed to a huge palace that was more than 200 meters
tall.
“There.
“If I remember correctly, that is the Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt’s
residence.”
This was what he saw in the dream divination.
Seeing that Klein already had a plan, as if he had received Mr. Fool’s
guidance, Leonard felt relieved. He looked at the grayish-white foundation
on his feet and said, “Is this a divine kingdom?
“I don’t feel anything.”
At this moment, Audrey, who was observing the surroundings carefully,
said with uncertainty, “All the abnormalities here seem to be gathering
towards that palace.”
She was referring to the place that Klein had pointed out to be the ancient
god’s residence.