Chapter 1106

Making Contac
Returning to the real world, Klein immediately took out a pen and paper
and wrote a short letter:
“Investigate the nameless island which led to the deaths of Grimm, William,
and Poli. This can be done through the descendants of Edwards, Benjamin
Abraham, and the descendants of the three deceased.”
This was a letter to Queen Mystic Bernadette, so Klein didn’t write the
reason. He believed that she would understand what this meant.
After folding the letter, Klein casually found a candle and began the
summoning ritual.
After completing the setup, he placed the letter on the altar, took two steps
back, and recited in ancient Hermes:
“I!
“I summon in my name:
“An invisible creature that roams the upper realms, a strange spiritual body
that is friendly to humans, a messenger that belongs solely to Bernadette
Gustav.”
The moment he said that, Klein’s spiritual perception was triggered. He
instinctively activated his Spirit Vision with a mere thought.
However, he didn’t see anything.
Then, he discovered that the letter placed on the altar had disappeared.
Queen Mystic’s messenger is very special… Next time, I’ll switch to using
my Spirit Body Threads vision… Klein was stunned for a second before he
sighed inwardly.
In the evening, under the illumination of the street lamps that lit up one
after another, a carriage drove to the intersection of the Backlund Bridge
area and East Borough and stopped by the side of the streets.
Wearing a long dress and a dark cloak, Fors paid the fare of three soli
before alighting from the rental carriage. She walked slowly along the
shadows of the street, preparing to make a large detour to escape from her
imaginary stalker.
At the end of the previous Tarot Gathering, she had swiftly overcome her
laziness, packed up, and went out to visit her former teachers, classmates,
and colleagues.
As for the reason, there was no need for a special reason. It was very
normal to care about friends and acquaintances after an air raid.
And the reason why it wasn’t last week was because, in the eyes of the
ordinary citizens, the situation in Backlund was especially tense. There
could be a new round of attacks at any moment, so everyone naturally tried
their best not to leave the house.
During the visit, Fors had originally planned on diverting the topic onto the
strange tales at the hospital, but to her surprise, there was no need for her to
do so at all. Her former teachers, classmates, and colleagues would usually
chat about such matters on their own accord after some idle chatter, making
one convinced that such illusions happened at every hospital.
No, Fors knew that it wasn’t an illusion, so she inexplicably felt horrified,
suspecting that she would have nightmares at night.
I don’t have to make any major changes at all. As long as the patients’
miraculous recoveries are changed to them having their physical wounds
healed, only to have them go bonkers, it would make for an excellent horror
story. Furthermore, it happens in a city that everyone is familiar with and
also in the hospital that people often come into contact with in the city but
exudes a terrifying atmosphere. It will result in perfect immersion. I can
almost foresee another best-selling novel about to be bom. I just don’t know
if I can write this genre well…
Uh, the only problem is that this story will lack sufficient emotion… A
female patient passionately kissing a face that’s covered in mushrooms and
weeds? Isn’t that way too outlandish… Fors walked as she thought, entering
a creative state of mind.
At this moment, her vision blurred. She saw a figure walk out from the
shadows in front of her where the gas lamps couldn’t illuminate.
The figure wore a black trench coat and a half top hat. He had a deep-set
face with cold facial features. Apart from his gold-rimmed glasses, he
looked identical to the crazy adventurer of the Five Seas, Gehrman
Sparrow.
Although Fors knew that Mr. World wouldn’t hunt her and was here to
fulfill the contract, she couldn’t help but tense up. It was as though she had
met her strictest teacher from back in her school days.
“Uh, good evening.” Her footsteps slowed down, but she still continued
moving forward and greeted him.
Klein nodded without a word. He turned around and walked into a secluded
alley to the side. The gas lamps inside were already damaged so it was dark.
Despite the dark environment, Fors similarly didn’t say a word. She
lowered her head slightly and followed behind Gehrman Sparrow at an
adequate pace.
When they reached the depths of the alley, Klein looked around and said in
a deep voice, “Help me ask your teacher if he knows of this person—
Benjamin Abraham. If he knows him, I want all his information and all the
text and pictures he left behind.”
“Uh… Okay, okay.” Fors was nervously waiting for Mr. World to
“Teleport” her somewhere else, but she never expected him to mention
something else for no reason. She nearly failed to react.
She didn’t ask why and quickly nodded in agreement, as though she
couldn’t wait to do it.
Then, she took a deep breath and continued waiting for Gehrman Sparrow
to approach her. He grabbed her shoulder and began “Teleporting.”
But after a few seconds, nothing happened.
Fors looked up in shock, only to see Mr. World still standing in front of her,
looking at her.
She then heard him say in a deep voice, “Write it now.”
Write it now… Fors didn’t ask why as she subconsciously said, “I didn’t
bring any paper, a pen, envelope, or stamp with me.”
Before she could finish her sentence, the four items were thrown at her.
Fors caught the items and took a few steps out. Using the gas lamps at the
end of the alley which opened up to the roads and the hard wall, she quickly
wrote the letter to her teacher, Dorian Gray Abraham.
With both hands in his pockets, Klein waited patiently without any signs of
impatience.
In fact, he had long been lurking around Miss Magician without showing
himself.
According to the address Fors provided, he had been secretly monitoring
her from the moment she left home in the afternoon. His monitoring was
done by getting his marionettes to pray to Sea God Kalvetua from time to
time while his actual body stayed above the gray fog, using the prayer light
dots to observe the situation around the Magician.
With the help of his “true vision,” Klein was currently certain that Zaratul
hadn’t targeted Miss Magician; thus, it was safe to make contact with her.
After knowing that Miss Magician had met Zaratul’s marionette, how could
he be at ease and be daring enough to meet her and take her “Traveling”?
Now, he was certain that Zaratul had been attracted by the Abraham
family’s Sealed Artifact or Saint of Secrets Botis. As for a mere Sequence 6
like The Magician, she wasn’t worthy of notice. Hence, she wasn’t exposed.
A few minutes later, Fors finished writing. She used a sticky herbal powder
she carried with her to seal the envelope and pasted the stamp.
“Do I throw it into the mailbox now?” Fors glanced at the cover of the letter
with her teacher’s address and real name and asked hesitantly.
She felt that she had to do it herself. She couldn’t hand it over to The World,
or it might bring danger to her teacher.
Of course, if Gehrman Sparrow insisted, Fors felt that there was nothing she
could do. Even if she tore the letter apart, there was still a possibility of her
being hypnotized or having her spirit channeled.
Klein nodded indiscernibly.
“Return after you’re finished posting it.”
Phew… Fors let out a long sigh of relief. Turning around, she ran towards
the street and found the mailbox.
After finishing all of this, she returned to the dark alley. Without waiting for
Gehrman Sparrow to speak, she handed over the fountain pen and the
remaining two stamps. She very quickly said, “One was enough.”
Klein gave Miss Magician a look before he took the stamp and pen and
calmly said, “This means that your teacher’s residence is less than 100
kilometers from Backlund.”
Fors’s expression froze.
What’s the big deal? I also know that your teacher lives in Pritz Harbor, and
there’s a high chance that he hasn’t moved away yet… As for why I gave
you three stamp tickets, of course it was intentional… Klein muttered to
himself before taking a few steps forward to stand in front of Miss
Magician.
He then reached out his left hand that was wearing a transparent glove and
grabbed the lady’s shoulder.
Fors subconsciously lowered her head again.
The surrounding colors immediately became saturated and layered while
countless, indescribable figures flashed. When the things and colors she saw
returned to normal, Fors instinctively raised her head to thank him.
However, Gehrman Sparrow had already disappeared!
Fors sized up her surroundings in a daze and realized that she was standing
in an empty corner. In front of her was a door, and a din and the smell of
alcohol were emitted from beyond the door.
Fors pulled at her cloak and walked out the door with a hint of fear, only to
see many men dressed as pirates.
They had scimitars and guns, either hanging or lodged by their waist. While
drinking hard liquor, they discussed the strengths of the fleets of Feysac and
Loen in high spirits. Quite a number of beautifully dressed women were
amongst them, like dancing butterflies.
She was wearing a long, dark-colored cloak in a Backlund style. Her brown
hair was long and slightly curled. She had a rather mature temperament, but
her expression of fear made it seem like Fors was a lamb that had barged
into a wolf pack. It was so disharmonious and eye-catching, and it quickly
attracted the attention of many.
She felt a little familiar with what those people had said to her. It was as if
they were part of a language branch she had learned, but she couldn’t
understand them immediately.
Where am I, what am I doing, who are they… As Fors was at a loss, a
plump man squeezed over and said in broken Loenese, “10 soli, one night!”
Fors had been involved in many of the Beyonder circles over the years.
Although she didn’t know where she was, she knew very well what kind of
situation she was in. The light in her eyes flickered strangely before they
converged into one point.
An indescribable aura emanated from her body, making the people around
her subconsciously avoid her gaze.
This was the authority of a Judge, a qualitative change in the ability of an
Arbiter.
Berserk Sea, Theros Island.
Danitz hid in the shadows, watching the intelligence peddler, Bartz, in a
serious manner.