Chapter 1046

: A Test
That gentle voice seemed to resonate with the thoughts deep in Audrey’s
heart. She only felt a little resistant to it before feeling as though it came
from her heart, and that it was her truest thoughts.
Hvin Rambis looked at her emerald-green eyes and said unhurriedly,
“Secondly, in the upcoming banquets and balls, don’t be as opposed as
before to the few princes who take the initiative to show their fondness.
Also, praise them a few times in front of Earl Hall and his wife.
“Remember all of the above, this is the reflection of your subconscious.
Then, forget that I once said these things to you. Forget that this behavior is
different from your usual behavior. Don’t try to seek blessings, and stay
away from key spots in the Church of Evernight’s Mass…”
With that said, Hvin Rambis retracted his gaze from Audrey’s eyes. He
turned to cue Annie and the rest, preventing them from being surprised by
their mistress’s subsequent odd behavior.
After dealing with all these things, he disappeared from the carriage without
causing a stir.
Ring!
Another bike passed by the window as Audrey’s slightly anxious eyes
recovered their luster.
She looked at the people on the street coming and going when she suddenly
let out a soft exclamation.
Then, embarrassed, she turned her head to say to Annie and the rest, “I
forgot something. I have to visit Glaint first.”
At this moment, the carriage hadn’t left Empress Borough and wasn’t too
far from Viscount Glaint’s residence. The servants like Annie didn’t find it
strange or become put in a difficult position. They quickly instructed the
coachman to turn into another street.
This continued until twenty minutes to ten in the morning. Audrey finally
arrived at Phelps Street. She walked into the second floor of the Loen
Charity Bursary Foundation and entered her director’s office.
Looking at Annie and the others either organizing documents or using the
spring water they brought alone to prepare black tea, Audrey brought Susie
along to the lounge that was attached to her office. It was as though she
wanted to check on her face to determine if she needed her lady’s maid to
help touch up her makeup.
During this process, Audrey glanced at the keyhole and asked Susie in a
relaxed manner, “Was there anything abnormal with my behavior today?”
This was a habit that she had only gotten in the past few days. It had only
started from the moment Hvin Rambis disappeared!
She knew that Mr. Fool’s angelic blessing wasn’t permanent. It could only
be sustained for some time, and she wasn’t able to determine when Hvin
Rambis would visit her. When that happens, she wouldn’t have the time to
pray to Mr. Fool and do the corresponding preparations. Therefore, from her
understanding and cautious attitude towards psychology and mysticism, she
not only checked her behavior three times a day for any abnormalities or for
any excessive coincidences, but she also instructed Susie to take note of her
condition and be her mirror.
This was a precautionary measure of being hypnotized by Hvin Rambis and
cued without realizing it!
Susie sat by the side and thought seriously before saying, “Yes.”
“…” Audrey’s smiling expression stiffened. She quickly looked at Susie
and waited for her explanation.
Susie wriggled her nose and looked around before continuing, “You didn’t
plan on paying a visit to Viscount Glaint when you left the house, but you
changed your schedule halfway.
“You’ll inform me of the general schedule ahead of time over the past few
days. Also, you said that you would discuss it with me if you decide to
suddenly change or add to the schedule.”
Upon hearing Susie’s reply, Audrey’s expression turned grave.
She still didn’t feel that there was anything unusual about this matter, but
this situation was extremely abnormal!
This made her almost certain.
Hvin Rambis had been here before, right after she left her house and before
she headed for Glaint’s residence!
The other party had already cued and hypnotized her and removed all
traces!
However, he didn’t “exhort” a dog, making “it” feel like everything that it
saw was normal… Audrey subconsciously wanted Susie to leave so that she
could pray to Mr. Fool, but she was hesitant.
Would my current behavior be monitored by Hvin Rambis? Will he be
sitting somewhere in this room and quietly be watching me… No, if that
were to happen, he would’ve discovered a problem when I asked Susie.
Praying wouldn’t make the outcome any worse… Even if he’s here, Mr.
Fool would also discover it. I can promise a future sacrifice and pray that
“He” directly send divine punishment… However, why don’t I wish to pray
and ask for help… Audrey stood there, all kinds of feelings running through
her as she instinctively wanted to escape.
This made her realize the contradiction, and she realized that there was a bit
of resistance in her heart.
From the perspective of psychology and mysticism, she had a vague guess.
She quickly put aside the idea of seeking help, allowing herself to be in her
usual state of praying to the Goddess without the desire of getting a
response.
This greatly reduced the conflict in her heart.
Audrey instantly became confident. She gestured for Susie to leave first,
then she looked into the mirror and began softly hypnotizing herself.
“You’re not asking for help. You’re only doing your usual prayers…
“You’re not asking for help. You’re only doing your usual prayers…”
After repeating it over and over again, the vortex deep in the light greenness
of Audrey’s eyes that could suck a person’s soul slowly dissipated, and her
eyes returned to normal.
She then raised both her hands and placed them between her mouth and her
nose. Then, she chanted in ancient Hermes, ‘The Fool that doesn’t belong to
this era… I might’ve met Hvin Rambis…”
As she spoke, she didn’t mention any desire for any help but described her
discovery.
After waiting for a while, a deep red light appeared in front of Audrey,
drowning her like a tidal wave.
Suddenly, her thoughts became clear, and images flashed across her mind.
It was Hvin Rambis in his black three-piece suit, who was sitting in a horse
carriage, sitting opposite her;
It was the elder who had exhorted her with a gentle voice;
It was the demigod from the Spectator Pathway whose light-blue eyes that
seemed to contain infinite wisdom and vortices.
At the same time, those words resounded in Audrey’s ears again, making
her remember everything that had happened.
After the crimson glow disappeared, she saw the long bronze table in front
of her. Sitting at the seat of honor at the end of the table was a figure
shrouded in the grayish-white fog.
As emotions of fear, horror, and panic surged through her, she stood up,
lifted her skirt, and curtsied to the great existence.
“Thank you for your blessings, Honorable Mr. Fool.”
Klein nodded and smiled approvingly.
“You handled it well.”
Upon hearing this, Audrey suddenly felt at ease, no longer as nervous as
before. She sat down and calmly described what had happened to her.
As The Fool, there was no way for him to directly discuss things with Miss
Justice, analyze it for her, or give suggestions. All he did was smile and say,
“This is a test of fate.”
A test? Only through this test will I have the qualifications to become a
demigod, so that I can protect the people I want to protect in Backlund
which is in a state of turmoil? Audrey interpreted Mr. Fool’s hint and
nodded seriously.
“I understand.”
Without another word, Klein sighed and smiled.
“Go back and welcome it.”
Audrey was about to express her gratitude again when the crimson light
appeared before her eyes, blurring everything she saw.
In the blink of an eye, she returned to the real world, but she didn’t forget or
ignore anything
A test? Does that mean that I have to resolve the danger of Hvin Rambis
without exposing my secrets? Even if I cause the death of Hvin Rambis, I
still wouldn’t be suspected by the Psychology Alchemists? How should I do
that… Audrey looked at the abnormally beautiful blonde in the mirror. She
turned her head slightly and glanced slightly to the side.
There was a large lounge in that direction. It belonged to the director who
didn’t have any responsibilities in the foundation. Just ten minutes ago,
Audrey had seen Mr. Dwayne Dantès inside when she was heading up the
stairs.
Above the gray fog, Klein’s fingers tapped on the edge of the long mottled
table as he analyzed what had happened between Miss Justice and Miss
Judgment last night.
That’s not right. Adam had given me the Unshadowed Crucifix through
Miss Judgment and Miss Magician. How could he not know which
existence is behind them? What other test needs to be done?
Last night, I thought that the investigation of Miss Xio was purely an action
from the king’s faction where they only used the help of a Mid-Sequence
Beyonder from the Psychology Alchemists. And for some reason, Adam
didn’t share any information of The Fool with the king’s faction or the
Demoness Sect. After all, “He” still hopes that I can give “Him” some
feedback…
But from the looks of it, this probe has Adam involved in it. Otherwise,
Hvin Rambis wouldn’t be involved in this matter. Even for the Twilight
Hermit Order, a saint is rather precious and important. They wouldn’t give
one up so easily as a sacrifice…
What is Adam trying to test? “He” is testing to see if Miss Judgment’s
investigation of Viscount Stratford and her subsequent actions were purely
by her own choice, or if it had the will of The Fool involved?
If The Fool gets the Unshadowed Crucifix and realizes that the king’s secret
is related to Adam’s scheme while still insisting that “His” subordinates
investigate it, that will be making the Twilight Hermit Order an enemy. And
Adam knows that Gehrman Sparrow is a Blessed…
But with Adam’s abilities, there’s no need to test out anything. Just sitting
next to Miss Judgment and listening to her true thoughts will be enough to
grasp the actual situation. There’s no need to go through so much effort…
Unless “He” has already left Backlund, or rather, to avoid certain problems,
“He” doesn’t dare enter this big city again, and can only investigate it
through “His” subordinates…
My warning to Ms. Arianna and the Church of Evernight has taken effect,
causing Adam to sense the danger of a divine descent?
Probably. Even though “He” knows that Gehrman Sparrow has something
to do with the Death Consul, “He” probably wouldn’t notice that something
has happened to Artificial Death. Even the Numinous Episcopate’s
Artificial Death faction hasn’t noticed a thing; therefore, with the authority
of Concealment augmenting this, “He” has no idea that the Goddess
wouldn’t be able to carry out a divine descent for a long period of time…
Next up, I’ll have to deal with Hvin Rambis. I must make sure that Miss
Justice is steered clear so as to not have any relations and isn’t suspected.
Just as this thought crossed his mind, he saw Miss Justice Audrey enter the
director’s lounge through her prayer light in search of Dwayne Dantès.
He quickly reined in his thoughts and returned to the real world.