Chapter 998

Establishing Relations
With dark blue eyes, Qonas Kilgor, who had crew cut hair which was
seldom seen among members of high society, held a cup of champagne as
he walked up to Dwayne Dantès. He said with a smile, “You had great luck
today. You also had plenty of courage.” 1
If he’s referring to me immediately folding after receiving a Bribe, with me
rather losing a big blind, that’s not luck but knowledge… As for the other
times, playing cards with all of you has pretty much drained all of Enuni’s
recently accumulated good luck… Klein swirled the cup with pale golden
alcohol in his hand and said with a laughing sigh, “For a person who
doesn’t care about the outcome, there’s naturally nothing to fear.
“Heh heh, Praise the Lady!”
He was using a Loen-style euphemism to indicate that he was mainly here
to lose money and that his good luck was all thanks to the blessings of a
deity. It had nothing to do with himself.
Qonas hadn’t lost much tonight-approximately one to two hundred pounds.
Although this was already a considerable amount when compared to his
purported salary, to a brigadier general deputy director of MI9—a hidden
demigod—his salary was the most trivial part of his income. Therefore, he
didn’t mind it. He shook his head with a smile.
“Humans often have no way of seeing through the arrangement of fate.
“You are an interesting person. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
His final sentence was both a form of praise and also a part of the
formalities. It indicated that their conversation was over.
However, Klein had “acted” all night to acquaint himself with this demigod
of the Black Emperor pathway, so how could he give up? He first replied,
“It’s my pleasure as well.” Then, he asked in a seemingly random manner,
“Your Excellency, are you familiar with the manors in the Backlund
suburbs? It’s best if they come with forests for hunting.”
According to the information Klein had received from Miss Justice, Qonas
Kilgor didn’t enjoy holding banquets, balls, or saloons at his place. Neither
did he accept invitations on such matters. It was unknown if it was a
problem with his character or due to his job.
He had very simple hobbies. First, he enjoyed smoking cigars, especially
Chieftain Cigars from East Balam’s Mikent-recognized as the best cigars in
the world. Second, he enjoyed playing cards, especially Texas Hold’em.
Third, he enjoyed hunting. He often headed to the Backlund suburbs during
autumn and winter. He even headed to Awwa County or East Chester
County for hunting.
Klein was already planning on buying a manor, an expenditure meant solely
to integrate himself into high society. He hadn’t made any decisions yet, but
after meeting Qonas Kilgor today, he suddenly added this request in a bid to
garner his interest. When the time came, he could even invite this MI9
deputy director to hunt in the suburbs over an enjoyable weekend. He could
then seek out an opportunity to take action.
Qonas Kilgor drank a mouthful of champagne and said after some thought,
“I’ll help you take note of it. If there’s anything suitable, I’ll send someone
over. Böklund Street, right? Yes, someone will inform you there.”
“Thank you very much,” Klein earnestly replied.
At the same time, he pitied his former valet, Richardson, who had now
become an assistant butler. This young man who wished to better himself
recently went out early in the morning and returned late at night. He had
been gathering information about manors in Backlund’s suburbs, filtering
out those that met the requirements and the ones which were on sale. He
had been personally visiting them in a bid to list down options which were
all flawless. He didn’t wish for his employer to spot something he fancied
only to find out that it wasn’t for sale, or that the actual conditions were far
worse what was described.
And after Klein suddenly changed his request, all the work that Richardson
had done was undoubtedly made useless.
The all-evil “Party A” in contracts always changes their requirements and
requests… Yes, after this is done. I’ll get Taneja to raise his annual salary
by 5 pounds. As an assistant butler, he should naturally earn more than his
time as a valet… 5 pounds… It was gone in just one or two raises in today’s
game… Richardson’s annual salary is only enough to play a few rounds of
Texas Hold’em… Klein sighed inwardly when he sensed eyes looking at
him.
He directly looked back and realized that it was Admiral Amyrius Rieveldt.
This old-fashioned and stern middle-aged man nodded gently and retracted
his gaze. He had no intentions of communicating with Dwayne Dantès, nor
did he get anyone to arrest this unaffiliated Beyonder. After all, he was
considered a working partner of the military, and it wasn’t rare for a
merchant, an adventurer with wide connections, to be able to obtain a
potion.
At this moment, Colonel Calvin and Member of Parliament Macht walked
over to Dwayne Dantès with wine glasses in hand.
“What happened?” Calvin asked with an exasperated and suppressed voice.
As Dwayne Dantès had won nearly 1,000 pounds, he and Macht had to
change their strategies to prevent Admiral Amyrius from losing any money.
They went from a tight strategy to an unrestrained one. They felt quite the
pinch from losing several hundred pounds each.
As such, adding to everyone’s losses, Admiral Amyrius had won a total of
nearly 300 pounds.
With regards to this, Klein spread his hands.
“I didn’t even look at my hole cards!” In between the lines, he meant that
this was simply the blessings of some deity that controlled luck.
At the moment, the deities, angels, and secret existences who had authority
in the fate domain included, but were not limited to, the Evernight Goddess,
The Fool, Snake of Mercury Will Auceptin, Pallez Zoroast, Blasphemer
Amon, and Snake of Fate Ouroboros.
“This is really such a vexing matter,” Macht said with a bitter smile while
shaking his head. “Calvin and I don’t even dare to return home after what
we’ve lost.”
They had roughly lost about half their purported annual income.
Dwayne Dantès, with grayed sideburns, revealed a surprised look.
“When did you guys lose?”
He then pointed at the pile of chips at his seat.
“I just happened to retain the 1,000 pounds I bought in at the beginning.
The rest are yours, isn’t that so?” 1.
Calvin and Macht were taken aback as they exchanged looks. Then, they
revealed smiles.
“We must’ve counted wrongly due to the anxiety.” Calvin gave an
approving nod.
Klein laughed and immediately changed the topic. He then began looking at
supper that was placed on the coffee table beside him.
City of Silver, in the spire of one of the twin towers.
Derrick Berg once again met the Chief of the six-member council, Colin
Iliad.
“You said that you have something you would like to ask me about?” Colin,
who had quite a number of old scars on his face, calmly asked the youth
who wasn’t considered too tall.
Derrick bowed and replied frankly, “Yes, Your Excellency. In the
advancement for Priest of Light, I need pure darkness, but once I do it, it
will be extremely dangerous. I’m wondering if there are any solutions.”
Colin Iliad listened seriously before nodding.
“You have to confirm one point: Is it pure darkness, or darkness with zero
light? These two concepts are very different.
“If it’s the latter, you can obtain that in the spire’s underground dungeons.
You’ve been there for some time, so you should know what I’m talking
about.”
Derrick had a deep fear for the spire’s dungeons because it was there that he
first met Blasphemer Amon. Not only did he see the former captain of the
expedition team, but he had even been parasitized. Unless it was necessary,
he really didn’t wish to recall it.
At this moment, after receiving the chief’s reminder, he began to slowly jolt
his memories. He discovered that, under the spire, although each cell was
given candles, one would have to wait for the guards to deliver food and
medicine and ask for more once they finished burning. This didn’t happen
frequently, with it happening only thrice a day with the gaps in between
being very long.
And in such an environment, phenomena like the appearance of monsters
and the vanishing of humans never appeared.
Derrick recalled that he had been in darkness with zero light for some time
without encountering any danger.
He pondered for a moment and hesitantly said, “The darkness with zero
light at the bottom of the spire has external powers involved?”
It was this power that prevented the darkness from making people disappear
or producing monsters? Colin Iliad looked at the two swords that were hung
up in a cross-like fashion on the wall. He looked up and sighed.
“Yes, that’s why it’s called darkness with zero light, not pure darkness.”
Derrick frowned slightly as he tried to recall.
After a few seconds, he said without certainty, “If that’s the case, the
darkness outside the spire’s basement isn’t pure darkness as well. In many
historical records, the nights before the Dark Ages didn’t make people
vanish or produce monsters. Now, the darkness must’ve undergone an
abnormal change or had some other forces mixed into it to turn it
dangerous.”
“Not bad. For you to make such connections shows that you’ve improved…
Therefore, let me ask you again. Do you need pure darkness or darkness
with zero light?” Colin’s light blue eyes revealed a hint of surprise.
This… Could it be that pure darkness only exists outside the Forsaken Land
of the Gods? Derrick turned gloomy before he pumped himself up.
“Your Excellency, I’m not too sure either. I’ll take some time to confirm
this.”
He believed that the experienced and strong Mr. Hanged Man, Mr. World,
and the other members of the Tarot Club could give him a good solution.
Colin Iliad didn’t ask further as he said with a nod, “Go on then.
“Once you reach Sequence 5, even if you aren’t able to become a demigod
for a long period of time, you will have the chance of wielding certain
Sealed Artifacts.” 1
Backlund, Hillston Borough, Xio changed into a brown jacket and wore a
cap, pretending to be a very ordinary short man.
She had officially taken the commission and had begun tailing and
investing the gentleman named Ernes Boyar. There were also a few other
bounty hunters who participated in this mission.
Ernes Boyar lifted his top hat and pointed his cane forward as he instructed
the carriage driver, “To St. George Borough.”
It was southeast of Backlund, separated from East Borough by the Tussock
River.
Once he got on his carriage and took his seat, Ernes sniffed. He looked out
the window and suddenly grunted.
As a Sanguine Viscount, how could he not have discovered the clumsy
bounty hunters’ tailing him?