Chapter 333

: The Tracker
In the suburbs of North Borough, in a soon-to-be-abandoned three-story
medical school building.
Even at three o’clock in the afternoon, the fog and the clouds had already
darkened the whole of Backlund, as if a storm was approaching.
Along the dilapidated corridor, the gloomy light shone in diagonally,
penetrating the windows and causing everything to appear silent and
scarred. It was eerie and terrifying.
This was Audrey’s second time here, and she was no longer as nervous and
tense as before. She turned her head left and right in her surgical cap and
big mask, habitually observing the environment, observing every detail of
this place.
Viscount Glaint was walking beside her and gradually turned apprehensive.
He couldn’t help but whisper, “Why do I find that this place is a little
strange…
“Could there be evil ghosts?”
As a mysticism enthusiast who had only half a foot in the Beyonder circle,
the only Beyonder phenomenon he had witnessed was Fors’s passing
through walls and the opening of a door. He was still unsure of the
existence of wraiths and shadows.
However, this didn’t stop him from being afraid of similar monsters!
Fors turned her head and shot him a glance as she held back her laughter.
“Most of the participants of this gathering are Beyonders. If there really are
evil ghosts or spirits, they would definitely be very happy. It usually implies
ingredients or servants.”
Noticing that Viscount Glaint was obviously relieved, she purposely added,
“Of course, I’m only talking about the weaker kind of ghosts. A truly
formed shadow might be able to kill everyone here without making a sound.
And even if you run, all you can do is run back and forth between the three
stories without being able to leave. It’s like entering a maze.”
Xio nodded in approval.
“I’ve once encountered a similar wraith. I ran in circles while in the
cemetery without any means of escaping. During this process, there were
baffled people who would turn their heads for no reason, only to suffer a
sudden death. If not for one of the Beyonders carrying a sun charm, perhaps
you wouldn’t be seeing me here today.”
Viscount Glaint shivered as he looked out the window. At this moment, a
withered tree branch hit the glass and made a light sound as it was blown by
the cold wind.
Glaint almost shouted out loud, as he frantically inched towards the two
Beyonders, Fors and Xio.
Audrey resisted smiling and quietly watched this scene from the sidelines.
In her heart, she thought, I have met Mr. Fool who is close to a deity. I know
the City of Silver in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, I have heard of all
kinds of terrifying monsters in the depths of the darkness. Why would I fear
wraiths and shadows?
However… I really haven’t met a ghost yet. Pui! Audrey, what are you
thinking? It’s better not to come across this kind of thing!
Unless I become a Psychiatrist with Beyonder powers capable of
influencing other creatures, or if I obtain mystical items that can restrain
ghosts and monsters…
The four of them couldn’t help but increase their pace and quickly arrived
at the gathering venue for the day.
Before she entered, Fors found an opportunity to bend her back and whisper
into Xio’s ear, “You did well cooperating with me just now. You actually
made up a story so quickly that’s enough to frighten others.
“Look at the spots which aren’t covered by Viscount Glaint’s mask. It’s so
white that you can’t see any colors.”
Xio turned her head as she answered blankly, “I didn’t make up the story.
“That was something that happened to me before I came to Backlund.”
“…” Fors was stunned for a moment before she blurted out a question, “For
real?”
“Why would I lie?” Xio’s puzzled face was obscured by the mask.
Fors turned her head and took two steps forward and suddenly shivered.
At that moment, Glaint didn’t wish to stay in the creepy corridor any longer.
He reached out his hand and pushed open the door to the gathering venue.
As the creaking sound echoed, he saw the concrete floor and the smell of
antiseptic coming into his nose. It made him frown.
Soon after, he saw a large pool in the middle. It was filled with a clear,
yellow liquid, and there were floating figures inside it.
Some of the figures were entirely naked. Some were rather complete while
others had half their skin ripped off. They had the brownish auburn colors
of beef jerky.
They were corpses!
“Ah!”
A man’s shrill cry resounded in the room.
Gazes were instantly cast onto Glaint.
These gazes were all from the figures in white coats surrounding the pool.
They were also wearing surgical caps and huge masks, and only their eyes
and a bit of their skin were exposed.
Glaint’s body swayed a bit. He wanted to turn around and run away, but
when he saw Audrey, Fors, and Xio pass him, as if nothing had happened,
in order to enter his room, he realized that they were pretending that they
weren’t his companions.
As he took a deep breath, Glaint nearly vomited.
He looked outside and saw that the corridor was dark and gloomy, filled
with shadows, and that there wasn’t a single living soul in sight.
With another shudder, Glaint hastened his steps and caught up with Audrey
and the others, finding a place to sit down as far as possible from the pool.
After a few minutes, a figure wearing a white coat stepped out of the line
and used a wooden pole with a hook on the side to pull a corpse to the side.
Then, he directly dragged the corpse to the concrete floor.
He paused for about three seconds, took out a scalpel, and slit open the
body’s abdomen.
As the gash deepened, a cold and hoarse voice suddenly sounded from
inside.
“Let the gathering begin.”
… Glaint reached out with his hand to press down his mask. His throat
moved a few times and he almost vomited.
They were midway in the gathering with all kinds of trades—either a
success or failure—happening, Audrey, who had been calmly observing all
this time, finally opened her mouth and said, “I want the Spectator potion
formula.”
Before she could finish her sentence, she felt several gazes sweep over her.
However, they quickly moved away and didn’t linger for long.
After several seconds of silence, the transaction was aborted.
…
Around four in the afternoon, it was getting closer to night.
“Why was there nothing at all…” Glaint didn’t maintain his aristocratic
demeanor as he slumped against the wooden wall of the carriage and
sighed.
This Beyonder gathering had left a deep impression on him, making him
feel as if he had taken a huge risk.
But even so, he was still unable to buy the horn of an adult Flying Unicorn
and the venom crystal of a Royal Jellyfish.
Fors secretly pursed his lips and said, “That’s normal. Although Backlund is
the easiest place to get ingredients, if you can’t join every Beyonder
gathering, there will still be situations in which you won’t be able to find
what you want for a long time. It requires either luck or patience.”
“Mister Viscount, think about Miss Audrey’s Spectator potion. She hasn’t
received any clues to date.”
Sometimes, you can encounter the ingredients, but you would lack the
money to buy them… Xio, who was sitting to the side, thought in
exasperation.
Audrey consoled Glaint, “When I get back, I’ll go to my family’s vault and
do a search. Maybe there’s something you want.”
She had brought the Rainbow Salamander’s pituitary gland with her today,
but she hadn’t encountered the spinal fluid of a Farsman Rabbit. Therefore,
she had only exchanged it for 320 pounds in cash. It was to prepare for
Susie’s advancement.
Glaint nodded, and just as he was about to open his mouth, he saw Xio
sitting up straight. She frowned and said, “It seems like someone is
following us!”
“I trust your intuition. What do we do now?” Fors asked, looking around.
Following us? Why follow us? All we did was sell one Beyonder item and
obtain a few hundred pounds in cash. Even if someone wanted to rob us, we
shouldn’t be the top targets… Although Glaint acted like a rookie, we
didn’t… In addition, the gathering’s organizer had done a lot of things to
ensure the safety of the members and to prevent anyone from being
followed. Unless… the person who sent the tracker is the organizer! Last
time, everything seemed normal. Hmm, what’s the difference between the
two occasions… Audrey’s mind raced when she suddenly came up with an
idea.
Perhaps it was my request to purchase the Spectator formula that attracted
the attention of the Psychology Alchemists.
It’s impossible for them to randomly sell the Spectator formula, so what
would inevitably follow is recruitment into the organization.
And recruitment isn’t a simple matter. One has to be wary of any quasi-
Nighthawks or quasi-Mandated Punishers, or spies sent by other hidden
factions.
If they don’t observe the target and conduct an investigation, the
organization would quickly be destroyed!
After pondering for a few seconds, Audrey said to Fors and the others,
“Prepare to be attacked.
“Pretend as though you didn’t notice the tracker.
“If we can successfully return to Empress Borough, don’t worry about
exposing the identities of Glaint and me. Both of you have to leave in
secret.”
Her green eyes swept over Glaint and she added with a smile, “A lot of
people know that we are mysticism enthusiasts, so it’s normal for us to find
an opportunity to participate in a Beyonder gathering. Even if the tracker is
an official Beyonder, they won’t suspect anything. We are just regular
people, so all they will do is warn us through other channels.”
But I’m already at Sequence 8… Phew, in order to come into contact with
the Psychology Alchemists, I have to take a little risk… It’s likely the official
Beyonders won’t target me for seeking to purchase a formula. They
shouldn’t be able to bypass the gathering organizer and track us down. I
want to believe in my own judgment!Audrey cheered herself on.
“Okay,” Viscount Glaint mumbled as he agreed.
The horse carriage continued on as usual, going in circles a few times. In
the end, Audrey and the others changed to another carriage as they had
planned.
Throughout this process, the tracker never attacked.
When they reached the back door of Viscount Glaint’s mansion in Empress
Borough, the two nobles used their usual means of returning. As for Fors
and Xio, they each relied on their own skills to leave.
About ten minutes later, Audrey, accompanied by her huge golden retriever,
Susie, and her maids, openly left through the front door, in her own
carriage.
As she listened to the sound of rolling wheels, she was unable to confirm if
there were still people following her. She could only let her thoughts
wander.
It’s obvious that the daughter of Count Hall isn’t a spy of any Beyonder
faction…
There’s nothing wrong with her past…
Her love for mysticism is well-known…
Her status and identity can provide assistance that’s different from other
people…
Perhaps, in two days, there will be members of the Psychology Alchemists
who will try to come into contact with me… Audrey thought with some
anticipation and some nervousness.
…
Although he said he was making preparations, Klein spent two days at the
Quelaag Club as if nothing had happened. He even played a game of cards
with the equestrian teacher, Talim, and the others, winning a few soli.
Before he went to bed, he didn’t forget to visit the outside of Lawyer
Jurgen’s house to make sure if there were no lights and to feed the cat.
At eight o’clock on Friday night, he put on his iron mask and wore his
black-hooded robe and entered the activity room of Old Mister Eye of
Wisdom.