Chapter 584

: Scapegoat
After lowering the copper whistle, Klein had already activated his Spirit
Vision.
He saw illusory white bones being weakly thrown up from the ground as
they slowly formed a gigantic figure. If the past scenes were like a fountain
in a fantasy setting, then this was more like the flow from an ordinary
reversed tap.
The corners of Klein’s mouth moved indiscernibly as he pretended as
though he hadn’t noticed anything amiss.
After a few seconds, the skeleton messenger finally took form. Its nearly
four meters body tore through the ceiling once again as the pitch-black
flames in its eye sockets burned silently.
Klein folded the letter he had finished writing and threw it up.
He described in detail the tycoon, Jimmy Necker, in the letter. He
mentioned the connections between the Death chronicles found in the
Southern Continent’s Balam Empire’s mausoleum, as well as the
connection the item had with Vice Admiral Hurricane Qilangos and Vice
Admiral Ailment Tracy. He also mentioned how he had successfully
sneaked in, and although his assassination had failed, he had left behind
something that could be used to determine the location of the Black Death.
Of course, he didn’t go into detail how he sneaked in. He had only roughly
recounted Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy’s combat techniques and style.
After the messenger caught the letter with a swipe that could send an adult
human flying, Klein coughed and cleared his throat.
“I already have a messenger.”
The pitch-black flames in the skeleton messenger’s sockets clearly flickered
before its body collapsed like a waterfall before drilling into the parquet.
You don’t have to be afraid of becoming my messenger anymore, right? Am
I that detestable to your kind? Yes… These messengers from the
Underworld probably can’t bear to leave Mr. Azik. After all, that’s a direct
descendant of Death. There might not even be any skip in the generational
line. You want to cozy up with someone powerful. I get it! Klein was just
about to pack up and check out when his nose itched suddenly and sneezed.
Achoo! Achoo! Cough! Cough! Cough!
Mucus flowed out as he coughed. His forehead slowly but decisively began
burning with heat.
Oh no. Vice Admiral Ailment’s ailment is still lingering in my body. And I
confronted a 10°C cold wind in order to return to Bayam. I really fell ill as
a result… Klein used inferior tissue paper to wipe his mucus, contemplating
whether to summon himself and act using a Spirit Body state, so that his
physical body could heal by itself.
After serious consideration, he believed that it was impossible. Firstly, his
physical condition would clearly affect his Spirit Body’s condition. The two
were closely related in some magical manner. Secondly, if he ignored it, his
physical condition would definitely worsen.
I’m becoming a little dazed from the fever… Klein touched his forehead and
prepared to return to the Wind of Azure Inn to meet up with Danitz. Then,
he had to consider if he should head to a hospital or clinic to buy some
medicine.
…
In the Berg household in the City of Silver.
Derrick finally obtained the Radiance Spirit Pact Tree fruit from Ma’am
Hermit, and he successfully concocted the Solar High Priest potion.
It was golden in color and had a scorching hot temperature. When Derrick
drank it, he felt the burning sensation in his throat.
His eyes lit up suddenly as they grew brighter like there were two miniature
suns hidden in them.
His body radiated concentric ripples of pure light as his exposed skin
protruded to form black patterns that were visible to the naked eye.
At the same time, his body hair grew longer, as though they were changing
into feathers that were swirling with golden flames.
Derrick knew that there would be similar changes when consuming a potion
at Sequence 7. He didn’t panic or become flustered. He clenched his teeth
and repeatedly recalled that pain of him personally killing his parents and
the hope that arose from the depths of his heart after meeting Mr. Fool.
Despite being on the brink of losing control, he managed to persevere
through it.
After a while, everything abnormal about him was restored back to normal.
However, the air he exhaled was mixed with the warmth of the sun.
He felt that his body had become stronger again, and he had some
considerable resistance against ailments and treacherous environments.
However, that wasn’t the main point. Derrick liked the various theurgical
knowledge that appeared in his mind.
They included Fire of Light, Horror Immunity, Holy Oath, Cleave of
Purification, Sun Halo, Holy Light Summoning, Holy Water Creation, etc.
Derrick paced around in delight as he felt that the related theurgical spells
he had were very suitable for him in dealing with the evil monsters that hid
in the dark.
He didn’t hide the news and immediately ran to the twin towers and
recorded the information of his advancement.
This way, after a preliminary inspection, he would have the qualifications to
helm a small patrolling team as its captain. He could come into contact with
more of the City of Silver’s information.
This includes the method to removing the mental corruption of a Beyonder
characteristic, which Mr. World wants… While Derrick was answering the
registration clerk’s various questions, he couldn’t help but recall the
promise that he hadn’t been able to fulfill all this time.
Owing something to others often left him uneasy and uncomfortable. And
now, he could finally see the light that could restore his calm.
…
In the Amyris Leaf Bar, Wormtongue Mithor King was holding a cup of red
wine. He sat across from the elderly Strongman Ozil, crossed his right leg,
and leisurely asked, “Did you figure out anything specific?”
He had been instructed by his captain, Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy, to
return to Bayam and investigate the fake Helene. For this, he found Ozil
who had originally issued the mission. He couldn’t directly seek out the
Resistance, because there was a small chance that they were cooperating
with the fake Helene. To question them in person was no different from
directly bringing his head to the governor-general’s office in exchange for
the bounty reward.
Ozil pulled a chair and sat down.
“They didn’t hide anything, but I can’t be sure if they’re speaking the truth
or not. As you know, I prefer using fists rather than brains.
“They said that Helene was brought over by Blazing Danitz. He represented
Vice Admiral Iceberg and hoped to establish a cooperative relationship with
the Resistance. They wanted to provide a certain amount of help, and
Helene was a way to express their goodwill.”
“Blazing Danitz? Vice Admiral Iceberg…” Mithor ruminated over the two
names as his expression slowly turned solemn.
He leaned back into his chair as he knitted his brows bit by bit.
As one of Vice Admiral Hurricane’s former captains, he was now the third
mate of Vice Admiral Ailment’s flagship. He was no stranger to the other
pirate admirals, and he knew that Vice Admiral Iceberg was powerful and
had a rich collection. With just one ship and a few subordinates, she was
able to resist the other pirate admirals. In terms of strength, she was a little
stronger than two of his bosses. More pertinently, Vice Admiral Iceberg
seldom involved herself in the conflict between pirates. She sought
information and explored the unknown to seek out treasure. She was more
like an adventurer than a pirate.
Why would she suddenly want to assassinate Captain? This doesn’t suit her
character… She previously suffered a setback because of Admiral of
Blood’s rumors. She should be focusing on seeking revenge on him…
Mithor took a sip of red wine as he rubbed his forehead with his other hand.
He temporarily stopped thinking about Vice Admiral Iceberg, and he placed
his attention on Blazing Danitz.
As he carefully recalled, his pupils suddenly shrank. He discovered that
there were some recent problems regarding this fourth boatswain of the
Golden Dream he was familiar with.
He laid a trap and killed Steel Maveti, Blood Brambles Hendry, and Calm
Squall. His bounty was raised to 4,200 pounds, and in a short period of
time, he got embroiled in some matter, causing his bounty to rise again,
reaching 5,500 pounds. This has already exceeded my bounty… Mithor
thought to himself silently as Blazing Danitz’s figure surfaced before him.
He found him mysterious and terrifying.
He advanced? Or did he receive some great benefits because of something?
Mithor leaned forward and put down the cup.
He whispered seriously, “I originally treated his bounty increase as a joke.
“But reality has informed me that Blazing Danitz is a great pirate worthy of
a 5,500-pound bounty!”
Mithor looked up and said to Strongman Ozil, “Help me seek out intel on
Blazing. The recent ones!”
…
In the luxurious suite in the Wind of Azure Inn.
When Danitz opened the door and saw Gehrman Sparrow, he glanced
around warily before making way.
“How was it? Did the hunt succeed?” he asked in excitement and curiosity
after closing the door.
Vice Admiral Ailment is a famous beauty. Back when I saw her, she was
even more charming than I imagined. What a pity if she were to just die like
that. She should be locked up forever without parole… Pui! How can she be
prettier than Captain? Those with looks like her are plenty in the Red
Theater! Contradictory thoughts ran through Danitz’s head.
Klein clenched his fist and placed it to his mouth before coughing violently.
After calming down, he answered coldly, “Almost.”
“What a pity…” Danitz sighed.
But deep down, he was thinking, This madman, Gehrman Sparrow, is really
strong!
He infiltrated the Black Death to assassinate Vice Admiral Ailment but was
only just fell short of success. Even though he failed, he successfully
returned almost without any injuries!
One had to know that the reason why every pirate admiral was famous
throughout the Five Seas, being second only to the Four Kings, wasn’t only
because they themselves were strong; it was also because they represented a
crew, a force to be reckoned with. They had many Beyonders under them.
To be able to escape from the Black Death after a failed assassination had
indicated that Gehrman Sparrow was in no way weaker than any pirate
admiral!
Is Creeping Hunger really that powerful? No, even if I were in his shoes
and had Creeping Hunger, I wouldn’t be able to go that far… Danitz was
increasingly convinced that his choice of not resisting during his first
encounter with Gehrman Sparrow was extremely wise.
Klein coughed twice again and prepared to instruct Danitz to buy some
medicine for him from the hospital.
He then recalled that the cause of his illness was complicated. The medicine
provided to him without a doctor’s careful examination might not be
effective. Even the many medicines that Emperor Roselle had previously
invented were the same.
If it wasn’t because it’s impossible to use the gray fog to establish a remote
treating system, I really wish that I could consult Emlyn White to make me
some medicine… Klein went to the washroom to wash up and change into
his original clothes and burn the clothes he obtained from the fisherman.
Upon seeing him come out, Danitz went over with a paper bag and said in a
sycophantic manner, “This is the 700 pounds they gave.”
At this point, he and Klein heard someone knock on the door. It was
Captain Elland.
When the captain rushed into the room, he gave Gehrman Sparrow a deep
look and suppressed his voice.
“I planned on returning to Pritz Harbor, but I received a piece of intel.
“Something huge seemed to have happened at Bansy Harbor.”