Chapter 277

: Finalizing a Plan
“Rafter Pound’s future.”
Klein held onto the baronet’s hair, closed his eyes, and entered a deep
slumber with the help of Cogitation.
In the gray gloomy world, he saw a narrow, irregular cave. Rafter Pound,
with his puffy eye bags and gray hair at his temples, was propping himself
up on his elbows, crawling forward like a reptile to leave the hole.
Then, with a flash, he retrieved a black iron emblem of unknown origins
and wore it on his chest.
The emblem had a scepter carved on it, as well as a hand that was holding
onto the scepter tightly!
“Tudor!” Klein jerked out of the dream and sat up.
According to Miss Bodyguard’s introduction, the black iron emblem was
engraved with the imperial coat of arms of the Fourth Epoch’s Tudor
Empire royal household!
It was identical to the one he had seen in the ancient structure!
Rafter Pound is definitely not as simple as he seems to be… Klein rubbed
his forehead and muttered to himself.
As a Seer, he had his own interpretation of the revelation he had received
from the dream. On the one hand, he knew that it was something Rafter
Pound would do in the future, and on the other hand, he believed that it
meant that Rafter Pound had a deep connection with the Tudor family!
Through the three tests of direct questioning, dream probing, and spirit
channeling, Rafter Pound didn’t expose any problems, nor did he make me
notice that anything was amiss. If I didn’t have a fourth test, I probably
would’ve been deceived by him. Yes… Maybe, maybe he really doesn’t know
anything at present and that it was a true act. In the future, he might even
chance upon an opportunity to form a connection with the Tudor family…
But it’s more likely that he has already learned a lot from the old viscount.
Without confidence, he intentionally turned decadent and acted crazy and
ignorant. For him to be able to hide from my dream and spirit channeling, it
should be a result of some Beyonder powers. Hmm… He probably wasn’t
acting at that time and was really in a muddled state. Otherwise, he
would’ve exposed himself in front of a person like me who is very
experienced in such matters…
What Beyonder powers could it be?
What Sequence number is he?
Or is he the kind that is born with certain Beyonder powers?
Klein proceeded this line of thought and soon realized he had reached a
dead end. He quickly pulled himself out of this dead end and changed his
angle of thinking.
Rafter Pound has a deep connection with the Tudor family…
Can I make a bold hypothesis that he’s actually a descendant of the Tudor
family?
If the blood relationship between him and the old viscount is real, then
things are going to be interesting.
The entire Pound family is a branch of the Tudor family that changed its
surname to escape pursuit?
They contributed tremendously and were conferred aristocratic titles, and
they returned to the center of power, one step at a time. Meanwhile, they
were secretly searching for the secret remains left behind by the Tudor
Empire in Backlund.
After an unknown period of time, they finally found something. Thus, they
bought what currently belongs to Millet Carter’s house and built an
exaggerated basement, which was used to explore the surrounding area.
Thirty to forty years ago, they found the ruins and built a secret door to it.
But, during the exploration process, an accident occurred. That evil spirit
didn’t recognize any of the so-called Tudor descendants at all. The two
heirs of the old viscount died in that room, in the deepest corner, one after
the other. Even their Beyonder characteristics and mystical items couldn’t
be retrieved.
Although the old viscount spent a great price to buy similar Beyonder
characteristics, making it seem like the two heirs had died relatively normal
deaths, the consecutive deaths made the royal household and the churches
suspicious. Therefore, after the old viscount passed away, Rafter Pound
deliberately exaggerated and distorted the secret investigations of the past,
to frighten himself into having mental problems. He began to engage in
debauchery so as to avoid the attention of others.
This can explain what previously puzzled me. How can a viscount family be
placed under the control of some mysterious person without any action from
the royal household and the churches? Even if controlling him was
necessary, they would do it in a milder and undetectable manner. For
example, using a Faceless of my Sequence 6 pathway.
A child can even sense something abnormal, much less the powerful
Beyonders of the royal household and the three churches?
The reason why they were “unaware” can only be explained by the fact that
they were the ones who had sent those people.
Yes… Back then, I surmised that the Tudor family and the Trunsoest family
grasped the Dark Emperor pathway, so due to the need to act, they would
establish dynasties to maintain the style and uniqueness of the Solomon
Empire. On this point, Miss Bodyguard has indirectly proven it.
The Dark Emperor pathway’s Sequence 9 is Lawyer, a Beyonder job that is
extremely good at using order. Yes… Rafter Pound was able to deceive my
dream and spirit channeling abilities because of this. Perhaps he’s gone one
step further? He cooperated with me sufficiently, so in his muddled state in
the dream, he was still able to subconsciously use the loophole of order and
affect the development in the direction he wishes to have.
Upon careful consideration, during the process of spirit channeling, Rafter
Pound didn’t seem to really lie. However, his truth was only a partial
truth…”Maintain the family” and “remember the glory” can be referring to
the Pound family and also the Tudor family…
Klein’s train of thought became clearer bit by bit, and he had an overall
assessment of the situation.
From Rafter Pound’s current attitude, the evil spirit shouldn’t be able to
escape without any external help; otherwise, the baronet would’ve long
thought of a way to save himself. It doesn’t matter if the evil spirit would
come looking for him; as long as it escapes the seal and creates a disaster,
the secret of the underground ruins would be exposed to the royal
household and the churches. When that happens, Rafter will definitely be
implicated… The room opposite had collapsed, but it didn’t affect the power
that restricted the evil spirit. This means that as long as the innermost room
isn’t directly destroyed, the evil spirit wouldn’t be able to escape…
Hmm… The plan is clear then. I would buy some explosives from Kaspars
and collapse the entrance so that no one can get in, leaving the evil spirit
buried underground forever. Heh, when I’m powerful enough, I can
consider finishing it and help the citizens of Backlund get rid of this latent
danger and harvest some valuable items in the process…
However, how should I collapse it safely? I don’t know anything… Maybe
Kaspars knows a demolition expert? After all, he is a black-market weapons
merchant.
Klein quickly finalized the plan and decided on finding Kaspars tomorrow
evening. He would try to settle the matter of the underground ruins within
the week.
As for the true relationship between the Pound family and the Tudor family,
and for Rafter’s abnormality, he didn’t want to probe too deeply into it.
“It’s none of my business!” Klein grumbled and quickly plummeted down
past the gray fog and returned to the real world.
…
On Friday morning, Klein went out early as usual and pretended to be very
busy.
The truth was, he had once again gone to the Quelaag Club to practice his
shooting and read the newspapers. He enjoyed himself quite a bit.
At tea time, he was about to leave after staying there the entire day, but he
was surprised to see Mary Gale, his former employer, and Talim Dumont,
the equestrian teacher, enter the club at the same time.
They were accompanied by a number of gentlemen in double-breasted
frock coats and beautiful ladies in fine makeup. Among them was the Daily
Observer reporter, Mike Joseph.
“Oh, Detective Moriarty, what a coincidence.” Mike, with his charming
eyes but rather rough skin, took the initiative to greet him.
Klein smiled and replied, “Mr. Reporter, are you done with your
investigative news?”
“It’s done, thanks to your help! Let me do the introductions. This is the
famous detective, Mr. Sherlock Moriarty, a good friend of Talim’s.” Mike
waved his arm and said.
After both sides greeted each other, Mike continued, “I’ve roughly figured
out who Capim is. I’ll tell you in detail when I have the time. In short, I
have every reason to believe that Siber’s death was caused by a copycat
killer and not by the serial killer. Haha, you will see the news of my
investigations on the papers tomorrow.
“It’s just as I thought.” Klein smiled in response.
At that moment, Mike seemed to remember something and turned his head
to Mary Gale and said, “I’ll make an appointment with you for an interview
regarding the air pollution situation in Backlund and its solution. However,
you have to communicate with my editor-in-chief in advance to finalize the
page and time.”
Mary’s eyes lit up.
“Alright.
“Thank you very much! Mike, why didn’t I think of such a good idea?”
This is for the promotion of the National Atmospheric Pollution Council?
This reporter, Mike, has quite a lot of experience after all… Although the
Daily Observer isn’t one of the best newspapers, its circulation is
considerable… Did Mary suddenly come here today because the other
members of the House of Commons who are members of this club were
coming? This type of private club is indeed suitable for politics and
business… Klein seemed to gain an understanding and bade farewell ahead
of time.
Before becoming a Faceless, he didn’t want to get involved in high-level
affairs such as this.
…
Evening, in an apartment in East Borough.
After a busy day, Williams entered the small room he rented, intending to
change his coat, get some money, go to the pub for a drink, and settle his
dinner there.
In the gloomy darkness, he suddenly stopped putting on his coat.
He saw a shadow standing by the window, its face completely obscured by
the shadow of the hood.
“Who told you to look for Lanevus?” the dark figure asked in a low, slow
voice.
Williams quickly put on his coat, gulped his saliva, and said, “I have a
friend, a bounty hunter.”
Bounty hunters referred to adventurers who used various bounty rewards as
their main source of income. There were a lot of them in East Borough and
in Backlund.
“Why did he suddenly start looking for Lanevus? This is a bounty that was
offered a long time ago.” The black figure was extremely tall. Step by step,
he approached Williams.
“I don’t know. Maybe she just wanted to attempt another bounty.” Williams
took a very tiny step back.
The dark figure pressed hoarsely, “Who is she?”
Williams immediately entered a dilemma, but after a few seconds, he
replied with a trembling voice, “Xio, Xio Derecha. I don’t know where she
lives.”
“Very good, very honest.” The black figure reached out and patted
Williams’s body. Without further ado, he walked towards the door.
Williams secretly heaved a sigh of relief, believing that his rich experience
in the underworld had helped him.
Don’t try to be brave when you shouldn’t!
At that moment, he saw the shadow snap his fingers.
Pa!
Williams’s thoughts froze, and his body suddenly split into pieces,
scattering in all directions, splattering the ground and walls with flesh and
blood.
Then, the shadow broke the gas pipe.
Amidst the sound of gas spewing out from the pipes, he picked up the
candle from Williams’s desk and struck it against the wick.
The black shadow left immediately. A few minutes later, the candle
suddenly lit up by itself!
Boom!
The explosion wiped out everything.