Chapter 1302

The Scene in the Prophecy
Bernadette fell silent for two seconds before replying through the Invisible
Servant:
“Uncle Edwards, why are you here?”
She used the way she addressed him when she was young to reduce the
chances of an accident.
Her voice reverberated in the surrounding air with the Invisible Servant as a
conduit. It was dry, dull, and completely different from normal.
Edwards’s face was pale. It was as if he had just crawled out of the grave
without any warmth.
“I don’t know either.
“When I woke up, I discovered that I had returned to this island.
“This might be my destiny. A destiny of guarding His Majesty.”
He paused with every word he said, but he didn’t give the impression that
he was out of breath. It seemed like he hadn’t spoken for a long time, so
much so that his throat was “rusty.” He wasn’t used to speaking.
Without waiting for Bernadette’s further inquiries, the knight, who was
famous across the continent more than a hundred years ago, added with a
flat tone, “His Majesty’s mausoleum is nearby.
“I’ve been guarding this place, waiting for ‘Him’ to revive.
“But after so many years, the mausoleum has never changed.
“There haven’t been any signs of a resurrection.”
Bernadette made the invisible servant look around and said, “This log cabin
is where you live?”
Edwards’s exposed skin was slightly shriveled. It matched the aging spots
he originally had. His voice was low and hoarse as he answered, “That’s
right.
“I used the surrounding trees to make materials to build this cabin.”
Bernadette’s Invisible Servant looked in the direction where she had come
from.
“Uncle William and the others aren’t with you?”
Edwards’s cold, wooden eyes moved.
“They have long been corrupted and are dead.
“Although they’ve come back to life, they’re more like monsters. They
aren’t their former selves.
“Your Highness, you must be wary of them and avoid them.
“Do not trust anyone but Benjamin and me.”
Bernadette fell silent for a while before asking through the Invisible
Servant:
“Where’s my father’s mausoleum? I want to take a look.”
Edwards’s somewhat stiff neck moved.
“Okay.”
He then took a step towards the cabin and took out a rusted black axe.
“I’ll take you there,” Edwards said as he looked at the Invisible Servant that
normally couldn’t be seen.
During this process, his expression was stiff and almost unchanged.
“Alright.” Along the periphery of the forest, Bernadette responded using the
Invisible Servant to make her hoarse voice echo in the surroundings.
Edwards was almost 1.9 meters tall, and he looked rather thin. He carried
his axe and walked behind the log cabin before saying in a flat tone, “It’s
very close.
“Be careful along the way.”
Bernadette immediately controlled the Invisible Servant and made it follow
the luxuriously-dressed Edwards.
Walking through the forest one after another, Bernadette suddenly made the
Invisible Servant ask, “Uncle Edwards, what were you worshiping in the
empty space from before?”
Edwards didn’t turn his head as he maintained the same pace.
“His Majesty.”
At least two kilometers behind him and the Invisible Servant, Bernadette
immediately pricked up her brows. She took nearly three seconds to control
her emotions.
Through the Invisible Servant, she continued asking without any emotion,
“Uncle William and the others are worshiping him?”
Edwards paused, but he kept his back towards the Invisible Servant and the
Eyes of Mystery Prying.
“No.”
He slowed down as though he was thinking of an answer.
“I don’t know what they worship…”
Bernadette’s eyes narrowed slightly as though she could see some changes
in the river of fate.
She didn’t ask any more questions as she made the Invisible Servant silently
follow Edwards. Amidst the dark-green, towering trees and the black, sharp
shrubs, they headed for the island’s mountain peak.
In just four or five minutes, the trees up ahead disappeared.
This wasn’t a process that went from dense to sparse until there was
nothing. Instead, the towering trees suddenly disappeared after an
imaginary boundary line.
Beyond the invisible line was a mountain that was hundreds of meters tall.
It was covered by dark-green trees that were almost black in color. From
afar, it was almost as if it was one with the forest, virtually inseparable.
However, the side of the mountain facing Edward and Bernadette was
mostly without vegetation—half of the mountain had been excavated.
In the middle of the mountain, a pitch-black mausoleum stood there with a
majestic appearance.
Most of it was part of the mountain range. A small portion of it had signs of
man-made constructions and polishing. It truly expounded on what it meant
to be a “mountain mausoleum.”
Thus, the mausoleum didn’t look like the common pyramid. Instead, it
looked more like a towering mountain. It wasn’t exactly symmetrical, but it
was definitely majestic.
Perhaps the mausoleum itself had influenced its surroundings, or perhaps
Edwards had cleaned the area, its surface was void of weeds, nor was it
covered with vines commonly seen in other mountains.
This allowed Bernadette to see the various texts and symbols engraved on
the mausoleum through the Eyes of Mystery Prying. She saw the heavy
thirty-meter-tall stone door that seemed to be prepared for giants.
Bernadette wasn’t unfamiliar with those words and symbols. She didn’t
take much time to recognize them as either the “Civil Code” that was
created by her father, the new social trends that he had established, or even
some design drafts of some invention.
Just as Bernadette was carefully examining it, Klein, who was above the
gray fog, was completely certain that this was the last mausoleum left
behind by Emperor Roselle.
This was similar to the mausoleum he had seen in the Tudor ruins. It had
the majesticness and “distortion” traits of the Black Emperor.
After walking out of the primitive forest and passing through the invisible
boundary, they arrived near the mausoleum. Edwards stopped.
He half-turned his body and aimed his pale face and cold eyes at the
Invisible Servant. He said without any change in his voice, “Don’t go in.”
“It will interrupt the resurrection…”
Bernadette frowned slightly and thought for two seconds before using the
Eyes of Mystery Prying to lock onto the mausoleum.
Then, her blue eyes that resembled the sea became extremely deep, like the
surface of the sea before a storm.
Under such circumstances, her eyes clearly lost focus as her vision turned
blurry.
She was prying into the secrets of the River of Fate and making a prophecy
for what would happen next.
Klein tapped the long mottled table and increased the probability of her
success. He then prepared himself to resist the corruption of the cosmos.
Of course, the latter wasn’t necessary, because Bernadette had a Grade 0
Sealed Artifact that she could control.
Bernadette raised her right hand the next second.
Her skin instantly turned as white as snow. Her lips turned as red as blood,
and her hair was as black as ebony.
An illusory, ancient mirror appeared in her hands.
This was Snow White of her fairytale magic. Bernadette had used it to
enhance the success rate and accuracy of her “prophecy.”
Silently, she “saw” a scene:
The majestic and solemn dark mausoleum visibly shook as the tall, heavy
stone door opened.
Then, a huge black arm stretched out from the stone door.
The style of this arm was close to that of the trees on the island. From its
color and state, it looked more like a part of a shadow. However, it wasn’t a
thin layer, but was instead filled with flesh and blood. It looked extremely
strange.
It supported itself with its elbows and moved forward with great difficulty,
as though it wanted to pull out bigger and more terrifying parts from within.
Boom!
The entire island began to shake.
Boom!
The transparent Eyes of Mystery Prying suddenly shattered.
Bernadette’s eyes immediately closed, as if she had seen a blinding light or
encountered some unbearable damage.
Blood trickled down from the corners of her eyes as the color in her face
drained significantly.
On her body, a pair of illusory and holy wings spread out, descending upon
her with its clean, white feathers to neutralize the invisible corruption.
Indeed, she has the ability to resist. The Emperor sure left a huge
inheritance for her… Heh heh, before I taught Ma’am Hermit a lesson, she
liked to use the Eye of Mystery Prying to examine the people and objects
around her. It definitely has something to do with how she was brought
up… In short, it’s all Roselle’s fault! Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he
couldn’t help but criticize the Emperor.
Then, his mind raced as he analyzed the scene that Bernadette had
prophesied:
A terrifying creature crawls out from the mausoleum after the stone door is
opened.
This might be the resurrected Roselle, or perhaps a symbol of some kind of
disaster. For example, a particular Outer Deity who had once corrupted this
island, or the Primordial Moon who secretly corrupted Roselle…
Yes, even if it’s Roselle, he definitely wouldn’t be taking on the form of a
human. He’s even closer to that of a Mythical Creature, a deity… Also, I
can’t be sure if the terrifying creature is rational or if it can communicate…
There’s another important problem. Was the stone door opened by
Bernadette or someone else? Or did the terrifying creature in the
mausoleum do it by itself? If it’s the latter, things might develop to the stage
of the prophecy even if we don’t do a thing…
A prophecy is truly filled with ambiguity.
Klein conjured a gold coin and flicked it, making a divination.
The results of the dream divination showed that the mausoleum was both
dangerous and safe.
How do I interpret this? As Klein pondered, he focused his attention back
on Bernadette.
Bernadette took nearly a minute to recover and stopped appearing that
weak.
However, she was temporarily unable to interpret the direction of the
prophecy from the scene she saw. She could only confirm that the problem
was definitely very complicated.
Due to the Eyes of Mystery Prying shattering, there was no way for her to
use it to see the various secrets. All she could do was use the Invisible
Servant’s perception to observe the situation around her.
She realized that Edwards remained silent and motionless when she was
unable to control the Invisible Servant, as though he hadn’t noticed
anything abnormal.
After some thought, Bernadette said to Edwards through the Invisible
Servant, “Do you still remember the years you spent in Lenburg?”
Edwards’s indifferent blue eyes moved.
“I remember.”
“I think…”
At this point, he seemed to recall something. His expression twisted as
though he was suffering some indescribable pain.
In such a state, his eyes suddenly glowed with a strange light.
“I think… I think I’m already dead…”