Chapter 1268

Miracle Invoker
The moment the Miracle Invoker potion entered Klein’s stomach, it
immediately turned into countless cold “worms” and swam towards every
corner of his body.
Suddenly, Klein’s mind tore apart, turning into countless small pieces that
combined with different Worms of Spirit. There was no longer any
discernible difference between the main body and the auxiliary ones, nor
was there any piece that remained dominant.
At some point in time, he had entered the grayish-white fog. His half top
hat and long black trench coat quickly disintegrated, and numerous
translucent and twisted maggots crawled out.
These maggots quickly flew into the depths of the fog of history, each
occupying different “light fragments,” overlapping with the projections of
themselves in the Historical Void.
In just two or three seconds, the spot where Klein stood only had his
windbreaker, shirt, top hat, socks, leather shoes, and personal items
remaining. They had lost the support of a body and were held, suspended
there.
“I…”
“Who am I…”
“Who’s me…”
“I’m the main body…”
…
The various Worms of Spirit had different but similar thoughts. None of
them were willing to return to their “body” on their own accord. Instead,
they felt a strong sense of animosity towards their own kind. It was only
because they still had Klein’s remnant psyche influence that they hadn’t
done anything extreme for the time being.
At this moment, yet another invisible ripple appeared within the grayish-
white fog.
This ripple didn’t appear by coincidence. It had long existed in the fog, but
compared to his collective whole, it appeared indiscernible. However, to a
Worm of Spirit, it was obvious enough.
It came from a portion of history that appeared in the present era. It
symbolized the fragments of light from the end of the Second Epoch and
portions of the Third Epoch. They symbolized the two thousand years that
the City of Silver had persisted in the darkness.
This forgotten history had a certain clash with the present era. As it formed
a corresponding Historical Void, ripples spread out in an indescribable
manner.
Such ripples seemed to exert a strong attraction on the Worms of Spirit,
making them peek their heads out from the historical scenes.
After a short period of time, one of the Worms of Spirit crawled out of the
light spot from which it occupied, having failed to resist it any further, and
also succumbing to the effects of Klein’s remnant consciousness. It flew
towards the center of the ripples.
Right on the heels of that, Worms of Spirit returned from different spots in
the fog of history, and they arrived at the fragments of light formed by the
City of Silver’s history in the present era.
When they reached a certain distance from each other, a strong force of
convergence finally appeared, pulling together countless Worms of Spirit
into one.
This wasn’t an effect that could be produced by two or three Worms of
Spirit. It needed to have a sufficient number for this phenomenon to happen.
And when that portion of the Worms of Spirit was once again whole,
Klein’s incomplete consciousness completed the piecing together of his
identity. Things finally turned simple.
The Worms of Spirit formed a transparent and gigantic vortex, emitting a
strong convergence force that sucked over the remaining, hesitant, nearby
Worms of Spirit that were unwilling to return.
After more than two-thirds the Worms of Spirit returned, a series of
transparent tentacles grew out of the vortex.
They extended towards the Second Epoch, the First Epoch, and even the
prehistoric city of an earlier time. They grabbed the last batch of Worms of
Spirit, one after another, and stuffed them back into the vortex.
In less than twenty seconds, the vortex began to extend, turning into a
terrifying figure formed from transparent, twisted maggots. An invisible
tentacle naturally extended from the figure’s body.
The tentacles pulled over the windbreaker, top hat, socks, and leather shoes
that floated in the fog of history, dressing up the terrifying figure.
The figure formed from countless Worms of Spirit pressed down on the top
of his head, causing the translucent feeling on his body to quickly fade,
forming a layer of flesh-colored skin. Short black hair and brown eyes grew
out.
This was the appearance of Klein Moretti, but his height had reached 1.8
meters.
With great difficulty, he finally regained consciousness. Before Klein, who
had made his Soul Body whole again, could analyze his present state, he
felt two abnormalities:
One was from the Beyonder characteristic that fused with his body. It was a
strong, terrifying, high, and mighty will that made it impossible to resist. It
seemed to awaken a little as it transmitted one image after another. These
images were filled with the mysterious knowledge of a Miracle Invoker.
Some of them were dust that burned into suns, magnificent scenes
generated by various celestial bodies. They were filled with a sense of
desolateness, coldness, cruelty, madness, superciliousness, and void of any
emotional imprints. They quickly assimilated into Klein’s spirit, changing
his state in an irresistible manner.
Another thing that surfaced before Klein’s eyes were the crimson stars and
the numerous points of resplendent light. The prayers from the members of
the Tarot Club emitted from those stars, including Justice, The Hanged
Man, and The Moon. Most of the light points echoed with the prayers from
the residents of Moon City. Together, they created an image that enveloped
the grayish-white fog that looked at the world with pity. It was the image of
an extremely high-level and secret existence.
The two abnormalities reflected on Klein’s body, causing his left body to be
covered in a grayish-white fog. A slight smile showed on his face that had
deep-set eyes. His right body fractured once again, turning into a cluster of
translucent squirming maggots and a bloodshot eye that was filled with
madness.
At that moment, the right side was constantly corroded to the left, and the
grayish-white fog was gradually compressed to the extreme.
Without any hesitation, he raised his left hand with some difficulty, and he
summoned the white bone scepter with blue gems embedded at the top from
the fog of history.
Circling the Sea God Scepter were prayer points of light. With the help of
this medium, they were transferred onto Klein’s body.
Lightning bolts leaped out from the right side of his body as invisible winds
and illusory waves swirled around him. This helped the grayish-white fog
withstand the contamination from the left, allowing his entire body to come
to a delicate balance.
At this point, Klein recovered bits and pieces of his humanity and
memories, making an initial recovery back to the state before he consumed
the potion.
He had finally advanced to the level of Sequence 2. He now had the level
and status of an angel—a true Miracle Invoker.
Originally, Sefirah Castle was about to be stirred by his change, but with a
thought from him, all the abnormalities returned to normal.
This proved that he had truly gained control of Sefirah Castle and had
become the owner of the sefirah. As for how much power he could unleash
in the real world, he was still unable to estimate it.
Phew… Thankfully, I made the history represented by the City of Silver
return to reality, and it’s powerful enough. If the ritual’s effects were a little
weaker, I would’ve lost control and collapsed here today… Klein rubbed
his temples and slowly exhaled. He had a better understanding of anchors.
The anchor wasn’t a tool to help him maintain his humanity. Its main
purpose was to form a corresponding understanding, positioning, and
image, one that would resist the mental imprint within the Beyonder
characteristic so as to maintain an intricate balance.
Under this balance, Klein could then barely maintain his humanity and not
be severely affected by any other influences.
In other words, the deities that the believers knew were different from the
actual deities. Without the mental imprint within the Beyonder
characteristic to resist this influence, the image of the deities in their hearts
would gradually envelop the true appearance of the deities.
This was also a type of corruption.
Only at this moment did Klein realize why the orthodox deities went from
having humanoid statues to simply having Sacred Emblems. This prevented
the believers from having a unified impression of “Them.” This improved
the effects they had as anchors to resist the remnant mental effects of the
Primordial One, whilst also not subtly changing their bodies.
As for why the orthodox deities took one or two epochs to figure this out,
Klein quickly thought of two reasons:
Firstly, he had the past images of the orthodox deities for comparison. He
had Emperor Roselle’s diary as reference, and the corresponding mysticism
knowledge to provide inspiration. Secondly, the Mythical Creature form of
a Seer was all about being split and separated. It made him very sensitive to
such influences.
This sort of balance isn’t too stable, and it often tilts to a certain extent. This
will cause problems with my condition’s stability. From time to time, I will
end up scaring the people around me. Fortunately, this can be predicted
ahead of time, so it can effectively be avoided… Also, when I’m in a
delicate balance, I should try my best to show my humanity to strengthen
my self-awareness… This is commonly chosen by many angels. The Rose
School of Thought’s indulgence can be considered to be doing the same…
But Amon’s believers are all “Himself.” How does “He” maintain the
balance?
Could it be that the Mythical Creature that’s born with the Uniqueness itself
has the will of the Primordial One fused with “Him”? Amon is long
accustomed to being half-crazy. No, that’s not “His” normal state… It’s the
image that arose from the referendum of every Amon…
That’s a line of thought. I can form a marionette group and make every
marionette a believer of The Fool. In addition, with my truest appearance as
a deity, this can effectively provide the best anchor… It’s no wonder that
Zaratul and the Dark Demonic Wolf don’t have any believers… Uh, once
the residents of the City of Silver switch faiths to The Fool, I can consider
separating the embodiment of Sea God from myself, making it no longer
one of my anchors. This greatly contradicts the beliefs and understanding of
my other believers. They can’t truly be united… Klein instantly thought of
a lot of matters, and after his thoughts finished racing, he returned above the
gray fog.
When he became a Miracle Invoker and became a “Him,” as well as
becoming the owner of Sefirah Castle, he no longer needed to take four
steps counterclockwise, recite the incantations, or get all the members of the
Tarot Club to pray. He could now easily return.
However, he seemed incapable of expressing the full powers of Sefirah
Castle. He could only enter with his Spirit Body, unable to bring his
physical body along.
After sitting in the seat belonging to The Fool, Klein wasn’t in a rush to
check on the changes in Sefirah Castle. He first confirmed his advancement
and digested the mysticism knowledge he had just obtained.
Yes… The Beyonder powers of a Miracle Invoker come from two different
aspects. One is the greater utilization of the fog of history, and the other is
the newly enhanced core power of “Wishes.”
The improved utilization of the fog of history includes several abilities:
One, using the help of past Worms of Spirit to revive myself, but it will be
ineffective after four times. I’ve already used it three times, so I can only
revive one more time as a Miracle Invoker. Once I advance to an Attendant
of Mysteries, there should be a corresponding increase in this number. Two,
I am able to exert some influence on the future, causing the probability of
certain things to increase or shrink to a certain extent. It’s equivalent to
interfering with the fate of the target. Heh heh, I’m finally wielding good
luck. However, this aspect is still different from the Die of Probability.
Three, summoning from the Historical Void is no longer limited to just
items. It can be extended to certain scenes I’m familiar with.
Yes, the total number of items and scenes I can summon now is nine, but
only three of them can be at the angel level…
“Wishes” already make it a standard deity’s ability, but it’s a little strange.
Only by fulfilling someone’s wish can I fulfill my own wish. A small wish
has to be granted before a bigger wish can be gradually granted…