Chapter 934

1 + 1 > 2
Ever since the information about the suspected Bizarro Bane-Shapeshifter-
was given to Mr. World, Derrick constantly believed that the latter might
one day entrust him with a mission for the corresponding ingredients.
However, his strength was lacking. Even with his friends, it was impossible
for him to complete the hunt. Furthermore, such expeditions needed to go
through the six-member council. Private teams were unable to wander too
far from the City of Silver. Therefore, all he could do was temporarily
suppress it deep down. From time to time, it was used to motivate him to
advance quicker.
To his surprise, it didn’t take long before an expedition team headed for
Nois City was set up. Leading the team was Chief Colin Iliad!
Combining his previous discussion with Mr. Hanged Man, Miss Justice, and
company at the recent Tarot Gathering, Derrick quickly came up with a
theory:
During the exploration of the former Chief’s mausoleum, Mr. Fool had
provided a certain level of help to the present Chief, allowing him to foil the
Fallen Creator’s ploy and successfully resolve certain matters. Hence,
noticing his search for information, the Demon Hunter had decided to hunt
a Shapeshifter to please the deity!
“This is a necessary way to curry favor, and is also a kind of equivalent
exchange…” The Hanged Man’s words resounded in Derrick’s mind. It
made him no longer puzzled over the matter. So, taking the opportunity
before he set out, he prayed to Mr. Fool and requested “Him” to inform Mr.
World of this expedition.
He quickly received a response and heard Mr. World say:
“… If the hunting of the Bizarro Bane is difficult or dangerous, the
requirements can be lowered. Attempt to extract its blood.
“As long as you obtain it, I’ll trade for it with the Priest of Light’s Beyonder
characteristic.”
Priest of Light’s Beyonder characteristics? Mr. World already has the Priest
of Light Beyonder characteristic? Or could it be that he has locked onto a
target and will quickly be able to obtain it? With the Chief’s strength and
the teamwork of the expedition team, there’s a high chance of success if it’s
just extracting the blood… Derrick felt relieved as he held Thunder God’s
Roar and left his residence, heading straight for the training field.
Just as he arrived at his destination, he saw Chief Colin Iliad. The latter
carried two swords on his back. He was tall and staid, leaving anyone who
saw him at ease.
And beside this Demon Hunter was another person. She was wearing a
black robe with purple patterns, and she had long, curly, silver-gray hair-
Shepherd Lovia.
Lovia, who was apparently participating in this expedition, turned her head
as her pale gray eyes reflected Derrick Berg’s figure. However, there was
only calm in her eyes.
Derrick felt a baffling sense of alarm as he involuntarily slowed down his
pace.
East Balam, above the gray fog.
Klein deeply approved of the City of Silver’s Chief’s organization of an
expedition to Nois City. He also informed Little Sun that there was no need
to take risks. All he needed was some blood of the target for the completion
of the mission.
When the time came, he could smear the blood over Groselle’s Travels,
bring all his gear, and challenge the Bizarro Bane on his turf; thus,
obtaining the Beyonder ingredients he needed.
Klein had also considered the possibility of whether Groselle’s Travels’s
ability to swallow people into the book’s world was screened by the
uniqueness of the Forsaken Land of the Gods. He had also come up with a
solution. It was to bestow Little Sun with Groselle’s Travels. After
achieving the goal, he could get Little Sun to sacrifice it back.
In addition, he wasn’t worried about the Bizarro Bane lacking blood
because of its nature as a spirit world creature. This was because the Bizarro
Sorcerer potion formula clearly wrote:
“Supplementary ingredients: 200 ml of a Bizarro Bane’s blood…”
There are always more solutions than problems… Klein muttered in
satisfaction before returning to the real world.
Before sleeping, he received a reply from Leonard Mitchell. It mentioned
that it would take another day for the Worm of Time, and he described the
monsters known as evil spirits in detail.
Another day before it can be provided. And there will be two of them. The
grandpa in Leonard’s body has quite a good attitude… Unable to leave the
territory, limited in activity range… Their common trait is to devour the
souls of living creatures and to desire Beyonder ingredients from their
pathway from when they were still alive… This also means that the evil
spirit will seek out the corresponding ingredients and Beyonder
characteristics when it wields control over Ince Zangwill’s body. This is
indeed a direction for investigation. Klein held the letter as he read and
thought.
Suddenly, he recalled something:
Back when he encountered Ince Zangwill on Waypoint Island in the Berserk
Sea, the latter had been pursued by a powerful demigod from the Hunter
pathway!
Could… Could it be a result of that evil spirit?
I previously imagined that Ince Zangwill had received a commission by
some faction in the royal family, and did something that targeted the Intis
Republic, only to have a mistake happen; thus exposing himself and getting
pursued by their powerhouses…
From the looks of it, there might be another possibility… That evil spirit
desires the Beyonder characteristics of the Hunter pathway, and when it
could control Ince Zangwill’s body, it attempted to hunt Beyonders of the
same pathway. This might’ve succeeded or failed. In short, the result was
that he was targeted by a powerful demigod from the Hunter pathway. He
pursued him the entire journey with his intuition as a hunter. The more
Klein thought about it, the more convinced he was that his theory was close
to reality.
This was the only way to explain why Ince Zangwill, who wielded 0-08,
was discovered!
At this moment, Enzo and Ludwell were kneeling down, massaging Klein’s
legs.
I can guess that it’s an evil spirit of the Hunter pathway for now. I’ll later
write back to Leonard and get him to steer the investigations in this
direction. Eh, this fellow’s acting isn’t that great, nor does he have the
psychological experience. I wonder if he will end up exposing himself.
Perhaps, he will explain it away with some nonexistent informant… Hunter
pathway evil spirit. Hunter pathway evil spirit… Klein’s eyes suddenly
widened as he suddenly sat up, leaving his two marionettes at a loss.
There weren’t many evil spirits he knew, and he had only seen one;
however, that one happened to be from the Hunter pathway!
It was Red Angel Medici’s main body that had combined with the remnant
psyches of the two Sequence 1 angel from the Sauron and Einhorn families!
When it came to the Hunter pathway, there was no evil spirit that was of an
even higher level. That was unless Blood Emperor Alista Tudor still had his
psyche remaining.
Previously, Ince Zangwill was in Backlund. That evil spirit, who I’m not
sure if I should call Medici, was also in Backlund.
Later, that evil spirit escaped the seal, and its whereabouts are unknown. As
for Ince Zangwill, he suffered from the possession of an evil spirit.
Both sides are evil spirits from the Hunter pathway…
This… Could the one possessing Ince Zangwill be the Red Angel evil
spirit? Klein frowned bit by bit, almost finding his theory unbelievable.
However, he found it very possible!
As his thoughts raced, he found another indirect piece of evidence:
The unique trait of 0-08 is that once you know it, it will also know you. And
as a King of Angels who survived from the Second Epoch, Red Angel
Medici probably knows all kinds of details about 0-08!
In other words, as long as the evil spirit attempted to recall anything related
to 0-08, 0-08 would know of it and establish a connection.
Right, there was that sentence: “Pleasure working with you” …No way…
But the problem lies in the fact that I previously suspected that evil spirit to
have one Sequence 1 characteristic. There’s no need for it to seek any more
of it. Could it be that it hasn’t digested it? Klein rubbed his temples as his
head ached. He stood up, entered his bathroom, and took four steps
counterclockwise and headed above the gray fog.
Just as he sat down, he conjured a pen and paper and wrote the following
divination statement:
“The one possessing Ince Zangwill is the evil spirit back in the underground
ruins of Alista Tudor.”
He scrutinized each word for a few seconds before taking off the topaz
pendant on his left wrist and planned to use spirit dowsing for the
divination.
This time, the scene he saw when he opened his eyes
was:
The topaz pendant stood still.
This meant that the divination had failed.
The level is too high and there’s 0-08. Right, that evil spirit also carried the
Red Priest card that has anti-divination and anti-prophecy properties. It’s no
wonder I failed with the three combined… Hmm, this is also an indirect
confirmation. Klein analyzed the reason and considered what other ways he
could make a verification.
He tapped his finger on the edge of the long bronze table and silently
muttered to himself, Apart from getting Leonard to lead the Red Gloves to
do an investigation, I should do something as well…
Assuming that the one possessing Ince Zangwill is really the Red Angel evil
spirit, where will it seek out Beyonder ingredients from the Hunter pathway
when it gains control of the body?
Intis’s capital, Trier? Feysac capital, St. Millom? Or would it solely rely on
the Card of Blasphemy’s activation and seal in order to use the law of
Beyonder characteristic convergence to attract Beyonders to fly to it like
moths flying to a fire?
Wait, it mentioned before that the descendants of the Medici family are in
Bansy Harbor.
Although it has already been destroyed, there might still be something
buried there!
Also, the evil spirit with the three angels’ remnant spirit has very potent
provocative traits. This matches Leonard’s description of evil spirits in the
letter. It might’ve deliberately left something in Bansy…
With this in mind, Klein immediately conjured The World Gehrman
Sparrow’s figure and requested The Hanged Man to head to Bansy once
more to do a more thorough investigation.
After doing that, Klein began contemplating. Once he confirmed that Ince
Zangwill had the Red Angel evil spirit in him, he wondered if he could use
the law of Beyonder characteristic convergence as a starting point, enticing
“Ince Zangwill” into the trap he set up using the corresponding ingredients.
Hunter pathway… Hunter pathway… Amidst his thoughts, Klein suddenly
recalled two Hunters who were loitering in West Balam.
He frowned slightly and began analyzing.
Although East Balam and West Balam are vast territories, and the distance
between the city that Ince Zangwill made his last appearance and the
Northern State is very great, he will probably take nearly half a month to
travel, even as a demigod since he doesn’t have Teleport. In theory, Danitz
and Anderson will not suddenly encounter the Red Angel evil spirit because
of the law of convergence. Also, their Sequences are too low, but I can’t be
too sure…
West Balam, Northern State, Cookawa City.
Danitz shot a glance at Anderson and blurted out.
“I’m going to do some investigations. Why are you following me?
“Logically speaking, shouldn’t you head back to the Fog Sea at Behrens
Harbor?”