Chapter 1091

: 1091 Asking Himself
Backlund, East Borough, in a cramped rental apartment.
Wearing a rather thick jacket, Klein stood behind a desk and looked at the
glass window in front of him. He carefully sensed the speed at which the
Bizarro Sorcerer potion was being digested.
It’s really fast. It’s even more than the first three months of my digestion
combined… However, there’s nothing I can do about it. Before I received
Life’s Cane, I couldn’t provide sufficient treatment. I have to make sure that
the heart of the target can withstand the fright they experience, so as a
result, I wasn’t able to go to the hospital to create an urban
Similarly, if it wasn’t for the fact that a war broke out, it would be rather
difficult to find other demigods. Those whose whereabouts that I can
confirm are mostly on their own home ground. To secretly invade and
create a bizarre sense of horror will involve turning innocents into
marionettes. Even if there’s no other choice, I wouldn’t have considered
it… Klein shifted his attention away from himself and sighed silently.
He then repeated a word in his mind:
War…
At this moment, the street lamps in the distance were lit up. East Borough
was pitch black with the occasional policemen patrolling the streets with
lanterns.
In the past, these policemen wouldn’t have been so enthusiastic. Now that
the war had broken out, they had to carry out the corresponding curfew
orders to ensure that there was order and security.
“War…” Klein repeated the word softly again, and in a daze, he saw a part
of the ending.
The Loen King, George III, has finally broken through the shackles. He’s
no longer worried that any of the seven deities will strongly object to his
apotheosis. He can officially push for the various rituals needed of Black
Emperor. What follows will depend on himself, or should I say “Himself.”
As long as “He” can withstand the impact of the potion, and as long as
“He” can maintain “His” rationality, “He” would be able to ascend to the
divine throne and advance to Sequence 0.
The Einhorn family of Feysac used this war that can embroil the entire
world to allow its key members to significantly digest their potions, and
without much difficulty, they can prepare the corresponding rituals and
allow their family’s overall strength to be enhanced.
As for Amon’s brother, “He” can consume the potion during these
tumultuous times and experience a transformation to become a Visionary,
allowing this world to have another true god…
As Klein’s thoughts drifted, a question suddenly popped up in his mind:
Can I accept such an outcome?
Can I accept such an outcome… Klein opened his mouth and slowly closed
it. Everything he saw seemed to pass through the limitations of time and
space before returning to another place:
It was the extremely thick, slightly pungent, cold, and moist smog which
was yellow and slightly iron-black in color which had permeated through
the entirety of Backlund;
It was the tramps who were suffering from ailments, hunger, pain, and cold
before being pushed to the brink of death. He was also struggling to
survive. For the sake of food, he pushed himself with all his might, not
daring to slack off at all. Finally, he saw the light of life. He bought his
long-awaited ham, but in the hazy smog, he fell to the ground and never got
up again;
She was a hardworking widow. In order to survive, and to provide for her
two children, she had abandoned all her dignity and made herself a shrew
that spewed vulgarities. With pain-ridden joints that suffered repeatedly
from the invasion of the humidity on a daily basis, she supported a roof that
could block out the elements. However, the roof had collapsed in the Great
Smog. The child she wanted to protect had died in her arms;
It was a young girl who yearned to study and fantasized about a bright
future. She doted on her mother and her younger sister, working hard in the
room that was filled with moisture, always carrying that tiny bit of hope.
However, after the Great Smog, she was no longer able to see the future she
longed for;
It was a girl who desperately took in knowledge under the care of her
mother and elder sister. She had gone through too much suffering, and she
walked out of her predicament one step at a time, hoping to improve
herself. She hoped that her mother and sister wouldn’t tire themselves out
anymore and that she would have a chance to let her family of three to live
an ideal life. However, all of this ultimately shattered. In that terrifying
smog, this girl was left alone. No matter how much pain or joy she felt, she
was no longer able to share it with her mother and sister. That fantasy of her
family life never appeared, nor would it ever appear again;
They were living beings that fell to the ground like straw, one family after
another, one human after another. They would never be able to erase the
pain in their bones;
It was a student who clearly had a bright future, but only half of his body
was left—his intestines splattered all over the ground;
They were children who returned home from school, only to suddenly
realize that they had lost their parents and had become orphans;
It was the pain of writhing on the ground while crawling with great
difficulty. He was an ordinary person who wanted to approach the future,
but was powerless to swallow his last breath;
It was the people in the cemetery who were so silent that it made one’s heart
ache, or those who cried until they fainted several times;
It was a land stained with blood;
It was the air filled with gunpowder;
They were cold and ruthless shells.
And for the mastermind behind all of this, the greatest murderer, he would
step up to the divine throne over piles of corpses, only to receive cheers and
escape his mortal coils.
Can you accept such a development?
Can you accept such an arrangement?
Can you accept such an outcome?
After a moment of silence, Klein suddenly spoke with a deep voice:
“No, I can’t.”
This voice immediately echoed in the room. It was layered and interlinked:
“No, I don’t accept it!”
There were still lingering echoes in his ears as the corners of his mouth
curled up. Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh.
“The seven deities already tacitly accepted it. What meaning is there even if
you don’t accept it?”
Once again, he fell silent. After a long while, he finally exhaled and said to
himself with a calm expression, “Even if it’s meaningless, some things still
ought to be done.”
In this world, how could there be many things that were guaranteed to
succeed? That they were of value and be of use?
The corners of Klein’s mouth curled up. He looked away, turned around,
and entered the room inside the rental flat.
Although he had already made up his mind, he had no intention of doing it
rashly. With his current level and status, no matter how hard he tried, it
would be difficult for him to affect George Ill’s matters. Other than
throwing away his life, there wouldn’t be any other outcome.
Furthermore, if this resulted in chaos in the Loen Kingdom during a critical
period of the war, resulting in the invasion of the Feysac army, then the
deaths and injuries of the innocent would only be ten times or even a
hundred times worse than the Great Smog of Backlund.
All I can do now is make preparations. On the one hand, I have to improve
myself. On the other hand, I have to make more preparations and patiently
wait for an opportunity… Klein muttered silently to himself. He found a
black sticky blob and split it into two before smearing one half uniformly
on a mirror.
This was a way to contact Demoness Trissy.
However, when all the black objects disappeared, there was still no
abnormality in the mirror.
There’s no response… After being frightened by an angel like Miss
Messenger, Trissy has already decided not to have any contact with
Gehrman Sparrow… Klein sighed and walked to the bed to sit down.
His thoughts quickly shifted to the reason why the Demoness Sect had
helped King George III.
…One of them is that the Demonesses need a catastrophe to digest the
potion and hold a ritual. The other is that George III has made a promise to
them? He promised them that they could openly spread their religion? No,
this should be something that the seven deities wouldn’t allow. Even if the
Black Emperor is a Sequence 0, and with the Primordial Demoness and the
True Creator, “They” wouldn’t be able to fight against the seven deity
alliance. Of course, after this war, the existence of an alliance between the
seven deities is itself a question…
In that case, the seven deities that know that George III is working with the
Demoness Sect shouldn’t let “Him” become the Black Emperor…
The promise is for something else? The Demoness pathway has a true god,
and there are very few valuable items left outside… Similar pathways? Isn’t
that the Red Priest pathway… George III—no, Amon’s brother doesn’t only
know of the secret mausoleum needed by the Black Emperor from Blood
Emperor Alista Tudor, but “He” also obtained the angel-level Beyonder
characteristics or Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts of the Red Priest pathway?
With the condition that having a Sequence 0 means no Sequence 1, this is
probably the greatest hope for the upper echelons of the Demoness Sect to
advance further. Yes, the Primordial Demoness should also be very
interested…
This can explain why the Demoness Sect is providing help… The Red
Angel evil spirit is searching for Saintess of White Katarina, and it doesn’t
seem to be as simple as “He” said… No, “He” didn’t say anything else
besides using common knowledge and reactions to guide me into thinking
that way…
Klein’s train of thought gradually became clear. He decided to use Saintess
of White Katarina, as a breakthrough point, making her his next target.
However, before that, he had to listen to what Queen Mystic had predicted.
He wanted to know what she was planning to do in Backlund from her
mouth.
Only by understanding the situation could he find and seize the opportunity!
The next morning, The Hermit Cattleya conveyed the words of Queen
Mystic Bernadette:
Today between 12 to 12:30 p.m. at Srenzo Restaurant, Golden Theater.”
It was the name of a private room.
When Klein arrived at 11:55 a.m., he used an illusion to deceive the waiter,
and he walked all the way to the room and waited patiently.
After a while, he took out his golden pocket watch and opened it.
With that, he put away his pocket watch and counted down to ten silently.
Then, he raised his hand and knocked on the door of the Golden Theater.
At that moment, his marionette, Qonas, was sitting on a bench across the
restaurant and reading the newspapers leisurely. Enuni was with a group of
students, giving off a flyer that promoted the evilness of Feysac. Of course,
the three of them would switch positions from time to time, making it
impossible for anyone to make an accurate judgment.
“Come in.” Bernadette’s voice came from the room.
Very impressive. I didn’t notice anyone inside, nor did I notice anyone
entering… Well, it’s also because I didn’t activate my Spirit Body Threads
vision… Klein mumbled to himself before turning the doorknob and
pushing the door open.
The first thing he saw was large swaths of gold before noticing the
chestnut-haired woman sitting at the head of the table.