Chapter 1142

Warning
After removing the Paper Angel wrapping the ceramic jar, Klein poured the
bottle of Devil’s blood into it, and he stirred it with a glass stick he conjured
for some time.
Phew, I’ve finally gathered everything. He looked for a few seconds and
sighed.
This way, he still had enough time to prepare before George III’s ceremony.
As for whether the Assassin and Devil blood had enough time to be rid of
the connection with its original host, he wasn’t concerned, as he had
confirmed that the original owners of the two sets of blood were dead.
He divined the origins of the Assassin blood to figure out if it belonged to
Demoness Trissy. If it did, he considered leaving some and smearing it on
the surface of Groselle’s Travels after everything was over.
He was left in disappointment, but he wasn’t surprised. He had long
realized that Trissy was as cautious as he was.
The Demoness pathway also has the Instigator Sequence. It requires a high
level of intelligence… Yes, the Instigator and Conspirer potions should
have the effect of increasing one’s intelligence. Otherwise, Danitz’s future
would be bleak… As he thought, he threw the ceramic jar into the junk pile.
He then returned to the real world and began to browse through the detailed
ritual Trissy had provided.
This was a ritual that could help him speak to Mr. Door during the full
moon.
“A total of nine gems… Isn’t this too extravagant?” he casually muttered as
he read it.
As a tycoon who had donated quite a bit of money, he still had nearly
30,000 pounds in liquid assets (14,000 pounds in cash, 15,000 pounds
worth of gold bars, 35 pounds of gold coins, and some change). It wasn’t
that he couldn’t afford gems, but it was too wasteful.
After thinking for more than ten seconds, he decided to try using the images
in the Historical Void as stand-ins. After all, he had no intention of pleasing
Mr. Door. Once the ritual ended and the gems disappeared, Mr. Door
wouldn’t be able to do anything to him.
If it doesn’t work, I’ll consider purchasing it at the jewelry store… Klein
stood up and set up a ritual in the room outside the rental flat.
After finishing his other preparations, he stretched out his right hand and
slowly and heavily grabbed at the thin air in front of him.
He pulled out an ancient brass key from the air.
This was the key tool to summon Mr. Door, the Master Key.
Right after that, Klein grabbed at the air in front of him solemnly again and
pulled out an object from thin air.
The item emitted a tranquil glow that was in the shape of the full moon.
Embedded around it were a row of scarlet gems. In the middle was a
symbol representing the moon and many mysterious patterns.
Scarlet Lunar Corona!
It was the Scarlet Lunar Corona that currently belonged to Sharron!
It could create the effects of a full moon, allowing the person holding the
Master Key to hear Mr. Door’s ravings.
If he only wanted to hear what Mr. Door was shouting, this would’ve been
sufficient. There was no need to hold any more rituals, but his goal was to
speak to the King of Angels. Therefore, he had to follow the procedure.
After placing the Master Key and the Scarlet Lunar Corona on the altar, he
recalled for a moment and reached out his right hand again, pulling out a
handful from thin air.
This time, he took out a gorgeous necklace made studded with diamonds
and jadeite.
Hmm… My experiences as Dwayne Dantès are rather useful after all.
Otherwise, how could I have come into contact with so many female
members of high society and dance with them, allowing me to see
accessories of different styles and materials? And without such close
proximity for observation, how could I easily summon the corresponding
Historical Void images? This can last fifteen minutes. That’s enough…
Having met his simple goal, Klein sighed in satisfaction.
Then, he continued to extend his right hand, preparing to gather the nine
gems he needed from the ladies and madams he knew in the past.
In a second, his hand stopped in mid-air and his expression turned odd.
I forgot that I can only maintain three Historical Void images… What
should I do? Swap this necklace and find an accessory that has at least nine
gems? Hmm, let me think about whether I’ve seen anything like that before.
Yes, I can use dream divination to recall… This… Is dream divination
meant for times like this? Seer and Scholar of Yore are quite compatible
after all. Well, this is also an extreme form of magic… Amidst his thoughts,
Klein was just about to find a chair and do the divination when he suddenly
frowned.
He realized that something was amiss.
Under normal circumstances, it was impossible for him to forget that he
could only summon three Historical Void images at the same time.
This is a subtle warning from my spirituality? Looking at the Master Key
and the Scarlet Lunar Corona on the altar, he waved his right hand gently,
causing them to vanish.
Then, he took four steps counterclockwise and recited the honorific name.
He went above the gray fog and sat at the seat belonging to The Fool.
He conjured a pen and paper and carefully wrote:
“Speaking to Mr. Door now is dangerous.”
This divination was clearly directed at Mr. Door, so Klein was bound to
suffer a certain backlash effect. However, he had already obtained basic
ownership over Sefirah Castle, allowing him to use the power of an angel,
so he believed that he could withstand Mr. Door. After all, “He” was exiled
and sealed.
He removed the spirit pendulum on his left wrist and held it with his left
hand, allowing it to hang over the surface of the paper.
He closed his eyes and recited the divination statement seven times in a
high-strung manner.
Without a sound, a shadow suddenly flashed across his mind. It seemed to
completely screen his spiritual perception.
He hurriedly opened his eyes and saw that the topaz pendant had shattered
into powder.
After my initial grasp of Sefirah Castle, some divinations are more
concealed. It won’t cause any accidents?
Yes, is it because my safety is involved in the matter that this has happened,
or is it because the gap between me and Mr. Door has been narrowed to a
certain extent? Of course, this is referring to the Mr. Door who is in a sealed
state… Or perhaps, the effects of the two combined?
The present result shows that speaking to Mr. Door holds untenable
danger… Why though? Klein frowned, unable to come up with any
effective speculations or reasonable explanations.
After a while, he leaned back against the high-back chair and shook his
head with a sigh. He gave up on his original plan.
I can only make more preparations in other areas… With his left hand
pressed down, the topaz pendant instantly recovered. After all, it was only a
projection above the gray fog.
Because of the changes in the divination earlier, Klein made some
connections. Perhaps prying into the secrets of the twisted and translucent
maggots on the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range might not be as
dangerous as before.
That’s highly likely to be a Sequence 1 angel of the Antigonus family. It
might even be The Half Fool that Leonard mentioned to me… If my prying
can hold on for a while longer, I can directly discern the formulas of the
Sequence 2 Miracle Invoker or Sequence 1 Attendant of Mysteries. Hmm,
there’s only one chance. I don’t know what sort of developments would
happen when dealing with a crazy monster… I’ll wait till I’m completely
accustomed to the Scholar of Yore potion before making the attempt…
Klein rubbed his temples before disappearing from above the gray fog.
After returning to the real world, he wasn’t in a hurry to clean up the altar.
Instead, he sat down and seriously considered what other abnormal
preparations he could make.
The so-called normal ones were: meeting Queen Mystic once to discuss the
details of the cooperation; give Will Auceptin, Reinette Tinekerr, Pallez
Zoroast more gifts; pray to the Evernight Goddess and increase the chances
of summoning the ascetic, Arianna’s Historical Void image; familiarizing
himself with the core powers of Scholar of Yore…
As for the abnormal ones, it was purely based on Klein’s own imagination.
After some thought, Klein’s expression turned solemn. He frowned slightly
and reached out his right hand to grab the air.
This time, he didn’t drag anything out.
Klein did it another ten times, but all of them met with failure. He had no
choice but to accept a fact:
It was impossible to succeed purely by relying on himself!
He then took out his wallet and took out a paper crane. On the surface, he
wrote with a pencil:
“Give me some luck. I’ll bring you some ice-cream from the Srenzo
Restaurant.”
After folding the paper crane, he entered the room and lay down on the bed.
He restored his spirituality by sleeping.
In his hazy dream, he saw thin, silver snakes forming a response:
“Five!”
“No problem.” Klein smiled and made a promise.
At the next moment, he woke up.
He sat up and reached out his right hand again, grabbing a total of ten times.
He still met with complete failure!
I can’t do it even if I’m lucky enough… It’s too difficult… Klein
subconsciously wanted to use his finger to rap the edge of the bed, but he
instantly restrained himself. It was a habit of his above the gray fog, so it
wasn’t suitable for him to bring it to the real world.
After pacing back and forth for a long time, he seriously considered all
kinds of connections. Finally, he left the bedroom and went to the altar
outside which had yet been tidied up. He brought an item back to the real
world.
It was an ancient book made of goatskin with a dark brown cover.
Groselle’s Travels.
Picking up the book, he took a deep breath, half-closed his eyes as if
sensing something.
Slowly, he reached out his right hand and grabbed very lightly.
Failure.
Another grab.
It was still a failure.
After five consecutive failures, Klein’s actions became even slower, as
though he was taking out a piece of charcoal from a glowing-red stove.
Suddenly, the muscles on his arm tightened and he carefully pulled back.
His right hand slowly retracted, slowly dragging out a rather dull, ancient-
looking quill.
This came from Revival Square of the Southern Continent’s West Balam’s
Northern State, right beside Ince Zangwill’s corpse.
This was 0-08 before Amon’s brother picked it up.