Chapter 799

: Spying
North Borough, Saint Samuel Cathedral.
Just as Klein entered the main prayer hall, he used the points of light that
shone from the back of the altar to survey his surroundings, taking in all the
believers inside.
In one glance, Klein rapidly locked onto a target. He followed the aisle and
walked forward without showing any abnormal signs.
In the first row was an elder wearing a black clergyman’s robe, but he
exuded a cold aura. His face was pale, and his hair was withered and
yellow. He had his eyes closed tightly as he prayed with great focus. He
was one of the Keepers that Klein had previously sensed.
His shift is usually on Friday… Klein didn’t approach him and instead sat
two pews away from him. After finding a spot to sit down, he handed over
his hat and cane to Richardson.
Then, while sitting down, he tapped his left thumb on the first segment of
his index finger twice, silently activating his Spirit Body Threads vision.
Suddenly, black illusory threads appeared in front of Klein as they densely
extended out of different Spirit Bodies endlessly.
Having just taken his seat, Klein shifted his gaze, casting it onto the Keeper.
He nearly exclaimed from what he saw, but thanks to his self-control as a
Clown, and his ability to expect abnormal situations, he managed to relax
and maintain his staid attitude.
In his vision, although the yellow-haired elder had Spirit Body Threads
extending out, his body was entirely black in color on the inside as the
darkness swallowed the origins of the illusory threads in a way that was
completely different from ordinary Beyonders!
Indeed, they have already been eroded by the core seal, causing a mutation
at the level of the soul… From the looks of it, the problem is closer to my
second guess. They are, in a sense, part of the core seal. Once they show
signs of losing control, they will immediately trigger the item’s instinctive
reaction that forcefully quells them… It’s no wonder the Keepers need to be
a voluntary role and be advanced in their years. They probably understand
the outcome… Klein sighed as he prepared to deactivate his Spirit Body
Threads senses and retract his gaze.
At this moment, he saw a pair of eyes. They were black without any
emotions within.
Beside the eyes, there were pronounced wrinkles that extended bit by bit, as
though they were distorted, strange mysterious symbols.
They were the Keeper’s eyes!
At some point in time, he had straightened his body, turned around, and
looked blankly at Dwayne Dantès!
Klein’s scalp instantly went numb as he forced a smile and nodded at him
as though it was a normal meeting of eyes.
The Keeper slowly moved his head as a response.
Then, Klein felt as though he was extracted from his surroundings as things
turned blurry before turning clear.
At that instant, he knew that he had been pulled into a dream.
Hence, as he maintained his image as Dwayne Dantès, he sized up his
surroundings, only to realize that he was still inside Saint Samuel Cathedral.
However, all the pews were either damaged or overturned and strewn
everywhere. It looked as though it had met with a raid.
The altar up ahead was filled with cracks and weeds. The thick layer of dust
made it seem like it had been in such desolate conditions since a long time
ago.
The Keeper with yellow, withered hair was in front of the collapsed
donation box, coldly staring at Dwayne Dantès who was suited in black.
Upon seeing Klein look over, he widened his mouth to reveal white, sharp,
irregular teeth.
And these teeth were embedded with blurry, indistinct, and tiny figures.
They had complete facial features and limbs, and their expressions were
different but were colored with the same pain as though they were
imprisoned there and unable to escape.
“Grunt…” The Keeper’s throat let out a growl that sounded like a beast as
his back hunched over.
By his spine and waist, his clothes swelled as four blood-vessel-covered
arms without any skin grew out.
Right on the heels of that, they grew fine black hair as the tips of his fingers
grew sharp nails with a smacking sound.
In just three short seconds, the Keeper who looked normal had turned into
an eight-legged monster that sprawled on the ground. It looked like a spider
that had silently woven its web in the night while awaiting its prey, and also
like a deformed black wolf that struck intense fear into one’s heart.
Meanwhile, two gigantic palms filled with black hair extended out of the
desolate altar without any warning. They pressed onto the sides as black gas
condensed into slippery tentacles that extended in every direction. Soon,
they filled the entire prayer hall.
The aura that left him trembling, the extreme sense of fear, and the huge,
illusory figure were penetrating an invisible barrier as they manifested more
clearly.
He lost control? That Keeper lost control? Klein stood there,
subconsciously wishing to react and use his uniqueness to forcibly escape
the dream, but suddenly, he figured out the series of events that had
happened. His expression changed as he wore a terrified expression as he
ran to the door, trembling. It looked like he was struggling in a dream.
In the time it took to take a breath, a dark chill spread out from the outside
world like a tidal wave, inundating the entire dream and quelling
everything.
Klein snapped his eyes open and realized that he had fallen asleep at some
point in time. As for the yellow-haired Keeper, he had long turned his head
to continue praying.
Dwayne Dantès’s eyes darted around as he looked around in horror as
though he was still immersed in the dream and unable to escape the horror
that had gripped him.
After nearly a minute, he took two deep breaths and looked at the Sacred
Emblem again, drawing a sign of the crimson moon on his chest.
Only then did Klein have the time to recall the experience he had and began
speculating as to what had happened.
As I had spied on his Spirit Body Threads, it caused him to show signs of
losing control; thus, causing an excessive reaction by pulling me into a
dream and attempting to deal with me?
Later, the core seal behind Chanis Gate sensed the anomaly and quelled the
problem…
Now, the crux of the matter is if the Keeper still remembers the source of
his near-mutation… If he’s already used to it, he should find the cause of
the problem very vague considering his present state… Of course, it might
not be my problem. Perhaps he was already on the brink of losing control…
Klein looked at the elder once again to observe what he would do next to
determine how he should react.
If all else fails, I’ll directly use Creeping Hunger and escape with
Traveling… Klein rapidly made up his mind as he patiently waited for the
possible repercussions.
A few minutes later, he saw Bishop Elektra walk in from the side door
towards him.
Klein’s heart tightened as he spread open his left fingers in preparation to
activate Creeping Hunger.
At that moment, he suddenly had an idea and stopped his actions.
If the Keeper has already informed the bishops about my problematic
situation via a dream, I would be the victim of a collective assault by the
Church’s Beyonders. After all, pulling me into a dream can avoid harming
the other believers. Therefore, they have no need to find a bishop I’m
familiar with to come over… It’s likely more to extend their regards and to
placate me… Klein retracted his gaze and continued a praying pose.
In less than a minute, he finally sensed someone approach as he looked up
and saw Bishop Elektra softly say, “You don’t look too well?”
“I fell asleep without realizing it and had a nightmare. I still feel a little
afraid,” Klein said with a self-deprecating smile.
Bishop Elektra sat beside him and said in a staid manner, “Dreams are
sometimes the manifestation of the fear within you.
“You will feel better as long as you sincerely pray to the Goddess and
consume holy water.
“Of course, the most important thing is to not suppress yourself usually.
Learn to confess to the Goddess. At times, wailing in secret can reduce a lot
of your stress.”
Klein secretly observed the bishop’s attitude and read his tone before
heaving a sigh of relief.
“I understand.”
He cast his gaze forward again, bowed his head, and clasped his hands to
begin praying silently.
While doing so, he saw the Keeper in front of him stand up and walk to the
side door where a bishop was waiting.
Phew… Klein silently exhaled as he truly became one with the serene
environment.
Suddenly, he heard a voice that was his, but it wasn’t something that he
could control.
“Did you think what you did was well-hidden?
“No! Not at all! Have you forgotten that you’ve touched the Evernight
Goddess’s Holy Artifact?”