Chapter 1326

: Successful Mass
Regarding the matter of praying to Mr. Fool, Baldur raised both hands and
feet in agreement. He didn’t have any intention of pressing Bonn.
He prayed for more than a minute after waking up in the morning and
before sleeping at night. He would thank Mr. Fool for bringing the pure
sunlight, delicious food, and a life of no despair.
“Alright, I’ll prepare the ingredients for today first.” Baldur smiled as he
nodded at Bonn.
A few minutes later, he brought many bags of ingredients into the kitchen,
as if he was carrying a few rolls of curtains.
At this moment, Bonn found a chair and sat down. He sincerely prayed to
Mr. Fool.
“The great ruler who controls the spirit world, The Fool that doesn’t belong
to this era, I wish to be blessed by you. I hope that you can fulfill my wish
of escaping from my deformity…”
In the cathedral on Philips Street, in several areas in Bayam, in the New
City of Silver, and the New Moon City that was located in a forest, prayers
echoed softly simultaneously.
The extremely self-conscious Xin, Rus, and company vaguely guessed that
Mr. Fool was planning on granting such a wish. As they prayed, their bodies
trembled, unable to control themselves.
They yearned to be like normal people.
They were also looking forward to the bustling and lively Bayam. They
yearned for the grilled fish made from a secret recipe, the candy factories,
and delicacies from all over the world. They yearned for a life to drink,
chat, sing, and dance.
In the ancient palace above the gray fog, The Fool Klein, who was sitting at
the end of the long bronze table, saw bits of pure light light up one after
another, forming a majestic sea of stars in front of him.
The prayers overlapped and echoed inside Sefirah Castle as ripples
appeared.
Klein closed his eyes and took it in for a few seconds. He raised his right
hand and bent his middle finger, rapping the edge of the long mottled table.
An invisible force spread out like waves on the surface of water. It surged
into every prayer point of light and landed on the residents of Moon City.
Xin suddenly felt something and raised her hand to touch the middle of her
face.
The next second, she felt her nose.
Almost instinctively, Xin stroked that position several times from top to
bottom before she believed she had grown a nose and was no longer
deformed.
She instantly closed her eyes, bent down, and pressed her forehead to the
ground. She couldn’t help but praise Mr. Fool.
The praises around her grew louder and louder, becoming more and more
uniform.
Rus’s eyes separated; Bonn’s eyes became symmetrical; and in Moon City,
every deformed person, or those who were ugly because of the traits they
inherited, had broken through their original restrictions and their bodies
were transforming towards a state of normalcy.
At this moment, be it in New Moon City, the New City of Silver, or Bayam,
they heard the bell of the cathedral ring.
Gong!
The ethereal gong of the bell reverberated in the hearts of everyone in
Moon City. It rang in the ears of every person who heard it, as though it
could cleanse their souls and bring them the most genuine feelings towards
life.
The tears that Xin, Rus, and company held back finally flowed out. They
felt their minds and bodies turn tranquil, no longer having a speck of dust
tainting them.
They subconsciously raised their heads and cast their gaze towards the
source of the gong. They discovered that it came from beyond New Moon
City, an unknown distance away from where they were.
A miracle… A thought suddenly popped into the minds of the Moon City
citizens.
In the new City of Silver that was connected to them, Waite Chirmont and
company cast their gazes into the distance and cast their gaze towards
Bayam.
The gong came from there.
“Praise Mr. Fool!” They mumbled at the same time as they pressed their
right palm to their left chest.
In Bayam City, Bonn adjusted his postures with Baldur who had tears
streaming down his face. They faced Philips Street and towards the
cathedral that belonged to Mr. Fool. They listened attentively and gratefully
to the holy chimes from Heaven.
However, above the gray fog, The Fool Klein was somewhat astonished and
confused.
The sudden chiming of the bells wasn’t within his plans.
He then turned his gaze to The Fool’s cathedral at 16 Phillips Street.
Almost at the same time, he used the prayer lights to see the tall bell tower
that was attached to the cathedral. He saw a young man wearing a pointed
hat and a classic black robe standing at the top of the bell tower.
This youth was holding a black bell hammer and was striking the bell
repeatedly.
As if sensing the gaze from above, the youth stopped. He lifted his head
slightly and adjusted the crystal monocle on his right eye.
At the same time, his smile widened.
“…” Klein nearly cursed.
At this moment, his eyes glazed over almost in an unconcealed manner. He
didn’t understand why Angel of Time Amon would suddenly appear and
seriously strike the bell of his cathedral.
Klein was actually mentally prepared for Amon’s and Zaratul’s possible
arrival. This was because there were just too many people in the City of
Silver and Moon City. There was no way they could secretly integrate with
the outside world.
In other words, the City of Silver and Moon City would definitely be
known to the various Churches and secret organizations. Under such
circumstances, be it public or private proselytizing, it wouldn’t affect any
future development. Therefore, Klein silently agreed to the City of Silver’s
attempts to proselytize the faith of The Fool. This was preparation for him
to have more anchors for his advancement to Sequence 1.
Due to this premise, he was prepared for Zaratul, Amon, and other hidden
enemies to come to Bayam. He even hoped that they would do so.
Here, Klein, who had the status and level of a King of Angels in Sefirah
Castle, was able to fully display his home ground advantage. As for the City
of Silver, it also had Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts. It could completely resist
Amon and take down Zaratul.
Compared to his main body suddenly encountering a prepared enemy
elsewhere, or the discovery of his marionette city, this was undoubtedly a
better choice.
However, Amon’s current actions confused Klein. He didn’t understand
what the God of Deceit wanted to achieve.
…
16 Phillips Street, inside The Fool’s cathedral.
The archbishop-on-duty, the City of Silver’s six-member council’s Elder,
Derrick Berg, also looked up in astonishment at the stained glass.
Rays of sunlight shone inside, allowing Derrick to read one scene after
another.
As the black bell hammer fell, the tremors of the bell gradually stopped.
I didn’t arrange for someone to strike the bell… Derrick frowned.
As a member of the City of Silver, as a demigod in the Sun domain, he had
a sharp intuition and knew that something must’ve gone wrong.
However, the strange ringing of the bell didn’t bring any accidents. Besides
the ringing, everything seemed normal.
As Derrick observed the surroundings with the help of his Unshadowed
Beyonder powers, he quickly considered whether the bell had any symbolic
significance in mysticism.
After eliminating the possibilities, he suddenly recalled the Holy Bible of
The Fool made up by the City of Silver.
There was content related to the striking of bells!
It was used to describe the relationship between Angel of Time Amon and
Mr. Fool to confirm “His” true status.
Towards that sentence, Derrick was still against it because he knew that
Blasphemer Amon wasn’t Mr. Fool’s Blessed. Their relationship wasn’t
even harmonious, and was actually hostile.
However, the lies he made previously had convinced the other members of
the City of Silver’s six-member council. They believed that Angel of Time
Amon was the first entity appointed by Mr. Fool to cast down the light for
the people of the Forsaken Land of the Gods. It was because “He” had
Parasitized Derrick, which had resulted in the subsequent changes, all the
way until hope descended.
Derrick had wanted to explain, but he was embarrassed. That would only
bring up too many lies, making him lose his image with the other Elders of
the six-member council and citizens of the City of Silver. It was just like
Miss Justice had said before, a social death.
Finally, he chose to delay any actions, hoping that Mr. Fool would take a
look at the Holy Bible. If there was anything inappropriate with the
descriptions, “He” would definitely send a divine revelation to change the
views.
To his surprise, Mr. Fool didn’t say anything and silently agreed with the
contents of the Holy Bible.
Could it be that Amon is striking the bell? Derrick was momentarily dazed
as he found it too unbelievable.
He hurriedly lowered his head and began praying, reporting this matter to
Mr. Fool.
…
Above the gray fog, inside Sefirah Castle.
Before Klein could eliminate Amon, the other party suddenly turned
transparent and transformed into a beam of light before vanishing from the
bell tower.
What does this fellow want? If “His” father is the Emperor and not the
ancient sun god, then I can reasonably suspect that “He” is striking a death
knell for me… As Klein checked if there were any Amons lurking in the
bodies of the City of Silver and Moon City citizens, he analyzed Amon’s
motives without any clue in mind.
Just as he was about to use divination to seek clues, Derrick completed his
prayer.
…Holy Bible, Holy Bible? The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched as he
summoned from the junk pile the Holy Bible that the City of Silver had
sacrificed to him.
Previously, he had only flipped through a few pages, but he was too
embarrassed to continue reading it. He took on a position of burying his
head in the sand.
Of course, he wasn’t careless in this aspect. He was still extremely cautious.
He used divination inside Sefirah Castle to confirm that the Holy Bible
wouldn’t bring him any harm.
With this premise, he allowed the City of Silver to use this Holy Bible.
He slowly took a deep breath and reached out his right hand. He flipped the
scriptures page by page.
His facial muscles began to twitch, and the corner of his lips uncontrollably
parted.
Klein flipped faster and faster. Finally, he saw the last page.
Pa!
Klein suddenly closed the book and threw it back onto the junk pile.
After this miracle in Moon City, yes, the potion has mostly been digested.
The marionette city will have to step onto the stage of history… Klein
observed his condition without expression and nodded indiscernibly.
Ever since he had gained preliminary control of Sefirah Castle, he could
receive digestion feedback from the real world.