Chapter 1029

: Ruins No. 1
No… Qonas Kilgor stood on the spot as a strong feeling of despair emerged
in his heart.
As a military demigod who had experienced many dangers, he had a clear
understanding of his current situation. He could already hear the footsteps
of death approaching him.
He wanted to struggle and risk it by revealing his Mythical Creature form,
but his orders didn’t do a thing with his sluggish mind.
His body had been “Parasitized” and was no longer under his control!
At that moment, Qonas Kilgor wasn’t even capable of shedding a tear.
Under the gigantic crimson moon’s illumination, one second after another
passed. Suddenly, Qonas Kilgor raised his left hand and touched his crew
haircut.
He had already become Klein’s marionette.
In fact, he still had a chance at the final moment. As the “Parasite” effect
didn’t last long enough for him to become a marionette, he had those two or
three seconds to reveal his Mythical Creature form.
But the problem was that his body also had the effects of “Misdirection”
and “Deceit.” As time passed, his thoughts turned more and more sluggish
and wasn’t able to grasp that short opportunity.
Klein looked at his new marionette and exhaled silently. He looked up at
the clear and bright red moon and said, “It’s done.”
Amidst the gigantic crimson moon, a black dot instantly appeared and
descended from the sky. It was none other than the Church of Evemight’s
archbishop, Servant of Concealment, Arianna, who wore a simple robe with
tree bark as a belt.
In this concealed world, this ascetic didn’t use any Beyonder powers to
float in midair. “She” cast her eyes at the Earl of The Fallen beneath.
“She” gently raised her right hand as Qonas Kilgor’s slightly blurry soul
emerged from the military demigod’s head. Klein lost his control over his
marionette as a result of this.
He wasn’t too surprised by this because he hadn’t sent a Worm of Spirit
through the Spirit Body Threads over. His control over the marionette was
essentially still at a Sequence 5 state and not at the demigod level.
“Where did you go just now?” Arianna asked calmly as she looked at Qonas
Kilgor’s soul.
Qonas Kilgor’s expression twisted slightly before replying.
“Ruins No. 1.”
…Is this a contractual promise or a psychological cue? Klein, who watched
the spirit channeling from the side, sensed something from the Earl of The
Fallen’s reaction.
However, this didn’t affect anything because they were in a concealed
world, one which no one knew of or could sense.
“Where is that ruin? Who did it once belong to? What is it being used for?”
As an archbishop of the Evernight Goddess and an angel of the
corresponding pathway, Arianna shared a certain amount of authority in
Concealment. Therefore, “She” didn’t start with the simplest questions but
went straight to the point. “She” wasn’t afraid of any accidents.
Qonas Kilgor’s soul trembled slightly as he exuded a feeling as if he would
automatically blow up, but ultimately, nothing happened.
He hesitantly replied, “That ruin is located deep underground at the
Sterlewen segment of the Tussock River. It has a setup that interferes with
the powers of divination and prophecy.”
Sterlewen segment… This is quite far from the mountain where Mr. A was
at and where you disappeared from. From the looks of it, you were very
cautious. That point-to-point Teleport’s effects are greater than I expected…
Klein quickly conjured a picture of the terrain of Backlund’s northwestern
outskirts.
Qonas Kilgor continued replying, “That ruin used to belong to Blood
Emperor Alista Tudor. I’m not sure what it’s currently used for. I’m unable
to enter the depths of the ruins and am only in charge of sending in people
and materials acquired via various means.”
The name Blood Emperor Alista Tudor made Arianna fall silent. About
three seconds later, she asked, “What materials did you acquire?”
This time, Qonas Kilgor didn’t put up much of a resistance. He listed them
down, including large amounts of mercury, iron ore, and ritual materials of
different domains. Klein was unable to obtain any effective information
from that because it was too well-rounded. It was possible to do anything.
They really are very careful. Using large amounts of sundries to hide what
they’re truly searching for. Even the demigod in charge of these matters
isn’t aware of the reason… This is very in line with the way a Spectator
pathway Beyonder works. It was designed by the Psychology Alchemists?
Klein nodded indiscernibly with a guess in mind.
Arianna didn’t seem to notice anything as she asked, “Do you have any
guesses on what they’re doing? If so, what?”
“Yes, I suspect that they’re digging up something and attempting to make
sacrifices,” Qonas Kilgor voiced out his judgment.
Arianna silently looked down at him for a while and said, “Who got you
involved in the underground ruins?
“Who are the people who can enter the depths of the ruins?”
Qonas Kilgor struggled once again, but there were no anomalies.
He said hesitantly, “I received His Majesty’s orders. I was able to become a
demigod because he provided me with the formulas, ingredients, and the
opportunity. He even bestowed me with the Concerto of Light and Shadow,
allowing me to act as a Sequence 5 Beyonder even in situations where I
can’t hide my strength.
“Apart from His Majesty entering the depths of the ruins, only two other
demigods of the royal family can enter. One of them is Prince Grove, and
the other is Duchess Georgina.”
They both have Augustus as their last names… But the royal family doesn’t
only have two demigods… Miss Justice doesn’t know much of these two
and mentioned that they seldom participate in social events. Even their seats
as House of Lords Member of Parliaments are given to their children… Yes,
at the demigod level, even if they lack the Beyonder characteristics of not
dying and not aging, it wouldn’t be a problem living for more than a
hundred years. It’s really not suitable for them to hold official posts and
repeatedly appear in public… Klein tried hard to recall, but he failed to
gather anything else.
Arianna was silent for a few seconds before suddenly asking, “Have you
met Correns in the underground ruins?”
“Who is he?” Qonas Kilgor asked in confusion.
Arianna didn’t answer and continued asking, “Besides them, who else have
you met in the underground ruins?”
Qonas Kilgor maintained his sluggish state which was characteristic of
spirit channeling.
“People from the Demoness Sect and Psychology Alchemists. The former
was originally represented by Despair Nightingale Panatiya, but was
changed to Saintess of White Katarina. The latter is Hvin Rambis.”
“Did they enter the depths of the underground ruins?” Arianna asked
meticulously.
“I don’t know. I wasn’t following them all the time.” Qonas Kilgor shook
his head. “At least when I met them, they were all in the periphery.”
Arianna asked other questions in an attempt to draw out the general outline
of the matter via other angles. However, it was obvious that George Ill’s
arrangements were flawless. Even a demigod like Qonas Kilgor only knew
about the mission that he was responsible for and could only move about in
designated regions. He was unable to learn more.
After some thought, Arianna flipped up her right hand and gently pressed
down, pushing Qonas Kilgor’s soul back into his body. Klein’s control over
his marionette was restored.
This made Klein sigh inwardly.
The authority of Concealment is really impressive! Even if Ma’am Arianna
were to question my marionette one day, I wouldn’t even know…
At this moment, Arianna turned her body and spoke to the Gehrman
Sparrow on the balcony:
“A problem with George III has basically been confirmed, as well as where
the underground ruins are.
“I will immediately meet with the archbishops of the Church of Storms and
Church of Steam, convincing them to take action tonight and opening the
ruins.
“Before I inform you, control Qonas Kilgor and pretend that everything is
fine before making him vanish.”
Are you worried that the enemy will notice a problem with Qonas Kilgor
while negotiating with the Church of Storms and Church of Steam, making
it so that they can seal off the underground ruins or activate other
emergency plans? Klein had a general understanding of the matter and
nodded.
“No problem.”
Arianna, who didn’t have adorned hair, didn’t speak further. With a casual
wave of her hand, the iron-skinned pocket watch flew over.
“This Sealed Artifacts was bestowed by George III. Perhaps we might be
able to find some clues from its origins.”
Does that mean you’re taking it away? Klein replied without any objection,
“I’ll leave it to you.”
He really didn’t have any complaints about that, and he even believed that it
was only right. After all, half of the battle’s success was due to Arianna’s
contribution with the concealed world and “blessing” him with misfortune.
In the event that “She” didn’t take the Concerto of Light and Shadow, Klein
would mention it. When it came to matters like this, he was always just.
And the Concerto of Light and Shadow was the spoils of war that he didn’t
want the most. This was because it was at complete odds with his combat
style as a Bizarro Sorcerer. The random anomalies would affect him, and
the weakening effect was something worse than the enemy.
If Klein’s spoils of war from this matter was the pocket watch, then he had
considered tricking—no, promoting it to the Snake of Fate Will Auceptin.
Only a Life School of Thought demigod who relied on luck to survive could
commandeer the Concerto of Light and Shadow. And when that happens,
with such a huge secret organization and a Sequence 1, they definitely had
powerful Sealed Artifacts that could be used to trade for it.
Upon receiving his reply, Arianna gently nodded. She then threw the iron-
skinned pocket watch back at Qonas Kilgor, making the Earl of The Fallen
look no different from before.
“Her” figure vanished as though it had been erased by an eraser. Even the
pitch-black world with the gigantic crimson moon hanging in the sky, the
steeple, and chimneys were quickly wiped away.
In the blink of an eye, everything returned to normal. Klein was inside the
master bedroom, and Qonas Kilgor was in a guestroom tens of meters away.
Clenched tightly in his hand was Rever’s Shout of Despair.
Then, this brigadier general of MI9 used “Disorder” to place the revolver
back into his underarm holster and pick up the Maygur wine he had
previously poured out and took a sip.