Chapter 1246

Following “His“ True Feelings—Cowardice
The Dark Demonic Wolf that was attacking Reinette Tinekerr seemed to
sense something. “He” slowed down and turned to look at the wraith that
had just appeared.
“His” pupils which already occupied two-thirds of “His” eyes had suddenly
dilated, as if “He” caught scent of a familiar but dangerous aura.
In the blink of an eye, the wraith raised her arms.
The “Power of Wishes” in the surrounding area rapidly diminished at an
accelerated rate. Godhood began to return, having reached the level of
Sequence 4. Under the soil beneath the Dark Demonic Wolf’s feet, pale-
white and illusory arms emerged. They were densely packed like a forest,
grabbing onto Kotar’s eight legs, making this Miracle Invoker feel like
“He” had fallen into a cold and dead silence. “He” was temporarily unable
to break free.
Using this opportunity, Reinette Tinekerr, who had turned sluggish due to
“Her” controlled Spirit Body Threads, turned illusory as “She” vanished.
In the pitch-black pupils of the Dark Demonic Wolf, the blonde Miss
Messenger in a dark and complicated long dress that was wrapped with
vines suddenly phased into existence and completed the possession process.
The actions of the God of Wishes instantly stiffened, as if “He” had
degraded from a living creature to a marionette.
“He” attempted to influence Reinette Tinekerr’s Spirit Body Threads, so as
to resist the Wraith’s possession. However, from time to time, “He” would
be interrupted by the pale-white arms created by the female wraith. Success
eluded “Him.”
Klein maintained the looping of their Spirit Body Threads as he slowly
raised the Staff of the Stars, aiming it at the black velvet curtain that had
turned into a cloak.
He then constructed a scene in his mind.
The surrounding darkness suddenly flowed, as if it contained an
unimaginable secret. Bit by bit, illusory candles lit up in such an
environment, illuminating a long table laid out with flesh and blood.
On the two sides of the long table, three extremely blurry figures were
holding up the flesh and blood, ravenously devouring them.
In the next second, the three figures turned their heads simultaneously and
cast their gazes at the translucent black velvet “curtain.”
The crazy suction force emitted by the “curtain” came to an abrupt halt as it
hovered in its original spot. It was as if it had momentarily forgotten who it
was, whose side it was on, and what it should do.
Feast of Betrayal!
Fairy tale magic’s Feast of Betrayal!
The fairy tale magic that Klein had just used was the “Feast of Betrayal”
that originated from The Hermit Cattleya. Its effect was to temporarily
awaken the items in the target’s hands or imbue them with intelligence,
allowing them to carry out “betrayals”!
This was a Sequence 4 Beyonder power, so it couldn’t be used under the
restrictions of the “Power of Wishes.”
At the same time, as the Staff of the Stars’s emulated spell was lacking
compared to the original spell, as well as the fact that it didn’t harbor any ill
intentions towards the Dark Demonic Wolf, it only appeared lost and didn’t
fervently attack its master.
And the moment Klein extricated himself from the influence of the
“curtain,” he immediately snapped his fingers, letting the scarlet flames
drown him.
In an instant, he appeared in a flame beside the Dark Demonic Wolf
wearing a half top hat and a long black trench coat.
The scarlet flame soared up, transforming into a blazing flame that allowed
him to easily leap out.
He arched his back slightly and raised the Staff of Stars as he dashed
towards the towering demonic wolf.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
Klein ran faster and faster, as though transforming into a strong gust of
wind. What welcomed him was the Dark Demonic Wolf that barely
managed to lift up “His” front two claws that had broken free of the
restraints.
Pa! Pa!
Klein waved his black staff to his left and right, accurately hitting the two
front claws of Kotar, making them pause momentarily.
At the same time, he crouched down and slid under the Dark Demonic
Wolf’s two front claws.
Amidst the howling winds, Klein turned around in midair and thrust
upwards with the Staff of the Stars.
With a poof, the gem-embedded black staff pierced through the dark and
short furred skin, driving deeply into the Dark Demonic Wolf’s body. A
ludicrous gash tore open.
Whoosh!
Deep black blood with hints of red gushed out like a flood, spraying a
substance with strong corrosive properties that belonged to a Mythical
Creature at Klein.
But at that moment, Klein’s momentum had brought him flying under the
Dark Demonic Wolf. He was preparing to launch his second round of
attacks.
Suddenly, he heard an intermittent roar.
This was from Wraith’s possession. Due to the difficulty in moving, what
Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar meant was:
“Leo… de… ro!”
“…” Klein’s gaze froze as the Dark Demonic Wolf’s mocking smile
appeared in his mind.
He wasn’t the only one who could stir the remaining divine powers. He
could do so, but so could Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar!
Even though this Miracle Invoker didn’t know that Wind Angel, Leodero,
had already become the Lord of Storms, he naturally knew what to do
thanks to Klein’s demonstration from before.
Who wouldn’t know how to do a simple imitation?
Boom! Boom! Boom!
Silvery-white bolts of lightning smote down like gushing water from a
water pipe. They rained over the ruins of the ancient castle, completely
drowning all the figures.
Klein didn’t manage to react in time. After hearing the first half of the word,
he had already used the powers of Clown to forcefully twist his body
around. With a stomp of his right foot, he returned under the Dark Demonic
Wolf’s body. As for Reinette Tinekerr, “She” had jumped onto the gold coin
in his pocket.
Immediately following that, Klein genuflected and inserted the Staff of the
Stars into the ground.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
The vast storm tore through everything in its way.
By the time the terrifying lightning forest dissipated, the ancient castle that
belonged to the Dark Demonic Wolf couldn’t even be considered a ruin.
There were no traces of it at all, leaving only a charred crater.
Within the deep pit, paper figurines were blown up as they were reduced to
ashes.
Without a sound, a piece of soil that shimmered with the glint of rainbow-
colored glass softened. Klein’s burnt hand reached out.
With the Dark Demonic Wolf suffering the brunt of the damage, he had
used “Paper Figurine Substitutes” and “Underground Slink” to barely
survive. He could faintly smell the aroma of roasted meat exuding from his
body.
After returning to the ground, the tattered-clothed Klein turned his gaze and
took in the battlefield’s situation.
The remnants of the Dark Demonic Wolf’s corpse were scattered
everywhere. Its flesh was charred and lifeless.
The “curtain” was curled into a ball, having fallen to the edge of the deep
crater, motionless.
The “Power of Wishes” had been completely wiped out, and godhood had
returned to this region.
The wraith that had a connection with Artificial Death had been destroyed.
If it were any other Beyonder, they would probably think that the Dark
Demonic Wolf had chosen an outcome of mutual destruction, but as a
demigod of the Seer pathway, and having enjoyed the benefits of a Miracle
Invoker ahead of time, something else flashed across Klein’s mind.
What is a miracle? A miracle is to be resurrected from the dead!
When the Dark Demonic Wolf saw that the situation wasn’t right, “He”
didn’t hesitate to summon divine punishment in an attempt to kill everyone.
Then, “He” could revive somewhere nearby!
I almost used up my last revival…
With regards to such matters, Klein had a certain contingency plan. He
immediately used a charm engraved with The Fool’s patterns, and used it as
a proxy for praying to Mr. Fool in front of Miss Messenger. Then, he used
the “summoning” of Sefirah Castle that had yet to disappear to enter the
world above the gray fog with a thought. He then relied on the prayer light’s
“true vision” to inspect the surroundings to seek out the resurrected Dark
Demonic Wolf.
At this moment, Reinette Tinekerr left the gold coin in Klein’s pocket and
appeared beside the “curtain” that was curled into a ball. “Her” voice was
slightly ethereal as “She” said, “It has a Miracle Invoker Beyonder
characteristic.”
A Miracle Invoker’s Beyonder characteristic? That’s right. The Dark
Demonic Wolf possesses one of the six Miss Miracle Invoker characteristics
under the premise that all the Attendants of Mysteries are accounted for.
Under normal circumstances, the remaining Attendant of Mysteries
Beyonder characteristic also has one set of Miracle Invoker Beyonder
characteristic… As Miss Messenger spoke, Klein’s spiritual intuition also
sensed it. After confirming “Her” judgment, he connected it to Will
Auceptin’s answer.
There should be a total of nine Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristics,
but under the premise that the Attendant of Mysteries are all filled, the three
Sequence 1s would definitely each occupy one Sequence 2 characteristic.
The remaining six Miracle Invoker characteristics belong to Zaratul,
Antigonus, the Magic Wishing Lamp, Theater With Curtains That Never
Draw, The Last Banquet, and the Dark Demonic Wolf respectively.
He had originally hoped to obtain the Dark Demonic Wolf’s characteristic,
but he hadn’t expected that the “curtain” not only had a Sequence 1
Attendant of Mysteries characteristic but also a Sequence 2 Miracle Invoker
characteristic. It was also the one that had disappeared.
It looks like the reason for its disappearance was also because of the gray
fog. Later on, it was spat out… Do I still seek out the resurrected Dark
Demonic Wolf? No, I don’t know when the True Creator and Amon will
descend. Furthermore, I’ve already exhausted most of my preparations. The
Dark Demonic Wolf is still in perfect condition. “He” can make a wish,
summon, and create miracles… After all, my goal has already been met…
As his thoughts raced, Klein looked up and said to Miss Messenger.
“I’ll put this curtain away.”
He gave up the thought of chasing after the Dark Demonic Wolf and
decided to control the “curtain” while it was still weak.
Reinette Tinekerr nodded slightly and turned “Her” head, casting her gaze
at the charred remains of the Dark Demonic Wolf.
The remains immediately emitted a faint glow, either turning into white
rabbits or transforming into goats. They were the kind that smelled rich and
flavorful.
…
In a hidden area nearby, the dark, short-furred Dark Demonic Wolf quickly
took shape.
“He” gave up on “His” original corpse and immediately made a wish and
granted it. “He” teleported to a distant spot and then ran off without looking
back.
This God of Wishes didn’t even consider the loss of the “curtain.” “He”
didn’t choose to revive where “He” died, because “He” hoped to use the
“curtain” to stall the fellow who was closely related to Evernight. This gave
“Him” plenty of time to escape.
Since he could survive from the Second Epoch until now, “He” had
followed his true feelings—cowardice. “He” refused to be greedy when the
situation didn’t allow for it.
With a flash, the demonic wolf with a gray tuft of hair on “His” forehead
disappeared into the darkness.
…
Klein didn’t stop Miss Messenger from venting “Her” anger. As he
approached the “curtain,” he sighed inwardly:
An angel is really hard to kill. It’s especially so for the Seer pathway!
As this thought flashed through his mind, and just as he was about to drag
his past self out to pick up the “curtain,” he suddenly felt a familiar aura
descend.
This aura was dark, foul, and full of degeneration. It immediately made him
think of the True Creator!
The “curtain” suddenly floated up and turned into a cloak.
Inside the cloak, the darkness turned into a whirlpool as it hummed:
“Mysteries.”