Chapter 1299

Milk and Honey
The Forsaken Land of the Gods, Moon City.
When A’dal, Xin, and Rus heard the High Priest’s voice resound throughout
the city, they became abnormally excited.
They stood up almost at the same time and carried the beast-hide bags that
they had prepared earlier on their backs.
Inside were distributed mushroom powder, dried mushrooms, and various
monster leathers, as well as different Beyonder characteristics of different
states.
To them, even though they were excited and were full of hope for the
future, the suffering they had been through made them take precautions.
They tried their best to carry as much food as possible.
A few flashes of lightning before, the priests of Moon City had received Mr.
Fool’s divine revelation and stopped sending out hunting teams. They also
instructed every resident to pack their important items and prepare to leave
at a moment’s notice.
In less than a minute, A’dal and company walked out of their houses with
lanterns in hand and arrived on the streets.
As their eyes met, their faces which were either filled with tumors or
deformities were filled with unconcealed joy. They had no negative
emotions towards abandoning Moon City and leaving their hometown.
This was the source of their nightmare. It was unknown how many
generations of people had lost their happiness in their childhood.
When they were gathered at the square with a high platform, they
suppressed their excitement and lined up in an orderly manner, checking to
see if the neighbors had already arrived.
Soon, all the residents of Moon City arrived. High Priest Nim walked up the
platform and said with a smile, “Everyone, I received a divine revelation.
“Mr. Fool is about to help us leave this cursed land and obtain a new lease
of life.
“Praise be to Mr. Fool!”
He took the lead and pressed his right palm against his left chest.
This was a gesture they had invented to praise Mr. Fool, and Mr. Fool
hadn’t objected to it.
“Praise Mr. Fool!” The residents of Moon City pressed their right palms to
their left chests, expressing their gratitude and devotion.
As their voices echoed, the gray-haired Nim raised his hand and lowered it
for silence.
“We’ll head to the City of Silver first and meet with the survivors there.
Then, we will head to the world of light together.
“Don’t worry. Mr. Fool will protect us.
“Okay, shut your eyes and start to pray.”
With that said, the High Priest clasped his hands and pressed them against
his lips. He sincerely prayed to Mr. Fool, hoping that the mighty existence
could satisfy the greatest wish that the Moon City had accumulated over the
past two to three thousand years—generations.
In the next second, the demigod of the Evernight pathway acutely sensed
the changes in his surroundings. He opened his eyes, surveyed his
surroundings, and discovered that stone pillars were becoming clearer.
Lanterns hung on it as tall figures rapidly outlined.
This is the City of Silver? We’ve already arrived in the City of Silver…
This is the might of a deity… Praise Mr. Fool! A’dal, Xin, and company
quickly observed their surroundings.
They subconsciously had a certain good impression of the City of Silver. As
a missionary of God, His Excellency Gehrman Sparrow had once
mentioned that he had first arrived in the City of Silver after entering this
cursed, forsaken land.
This was the beginning of where god’s brilliance spread out from the
eternal darkness. It was the origins of all hope.
The figures quickly became clear. Most of them were more than two meters
tall. Their facial features and bodies were normal and there were no signs of
deformation. They too were sizing up the residents of Moon City with
curious and wary gazes.
Their oppressive height and the enviousness of their normality made Xin,
Rus, and the others nervous. They felt inferior and uneasy.
However, with a sweep of their gaze, they saw quite a number of City of
Silver residents biting mushrooms that had roasted surfaces. From time to
time, they would suck the hot liquid from white, full mushrooms.
This familiar scene caused the people of Moon City to gradually relax as
they treated these half-giants as their own.
The Chief of the six-member council, Waite Chirmont nodded and said to
Nim, who was supposedly the leader of Moon City, “Are you ready?”
His gaze was calm and natural. He didn’t look down on them because of
their “terrifying” appearance.
Afraid that an accident would happen, Nim immediately replied, “Ready
and good to go.”
Waite Chirmont immediately cast his gaze at the City of Silver residents.
“Finish your meal within three minutes and begin praying.”
In less than a minute, the residents of the City of Silver finished their
“milk” and put away the remaining food in their hands. They sincerely
prayed to Mr. Fool.
The miraculous descent of the ancient survivors of Moon City made them
more confident in leaving the Forsaken Land of the Gods. They truly
believed in Mr. Fool.
A few seconds later, everyone in the City of Silver’s training ground
disappeared.
The city was left completely silent. Soon, the corrupted weeds would grow,
and monsters would wander around the streets and houses.
In just a few blinks of an eye, the residents of the City of Silver and Moon
City arrived in front of the Giant King’s palace, which had the dusk frozen.
This was a “ritual” that Klein had deliberately planned. It was to allow the
ancient survivors of the Forsaken Land of the Gods to bid farewell to the
past.
Shocked by the grandeur, epicness, and mythical impression of the Giant
King’s Court, the residents of the City of Silver subconsciously turned their
heads and looked down and into the distance.
Beyond the orange-red dusk, the ground was completely blanketed in
darkness. Occasionally, lightning would flash across the sky, revealing the
outline of ancient buildings, towering mountains, and the deformed plants.
As the lightning descended, darkness surged in again, devouring everything.
Then, the City of Silver and Moon City residents turned their heads and cast
their gaze deep into the Giant King’s palace.
There was an open door, and outside the door was a blazing golden ocean.
The people who were blinded by the sunlight immediately felt their
surroundings become blurry, and the scene quickly shattered.
The fragments quickly reassembled, turning into a deep blue ocean, the
smell of fish, striking sounds, and the orange-red sun that had yet to come
close to the horizon.
The residents of Moon City and the City of Silver looked around in shock
and anticipation. They saw the luxuriant forest that wasn’t distorted at all.
They saw the stone buildings that had yet to have been refurbished. They
saw Liaval and company and saw the path towards the harbor and the ship
that was docked there.
Many people’s vision turned blurry as though they were undergoing the
catharsis of the holy light.
They could clearly sense that there was no depravity, filth, or mysterious
power here.
Most of the City of Silver and Moon City residents lowered their heads and
knelt on the ground, praising Mr. Fool loudly as they kissed the sweet-
smelling soil.
It wasn’t that the others weren’t grateful to Mr. Fool, but that they were still
spellbound by such a scene. Every fiber of their being was shocked.
After they recovered from their initial shock, Liaval went up to meet his
wife and daughter.
As he approached, he couldn’t hold back his excitement and joy. He opened
his mouth, wanting to tell his wife and children what he had seen and heard
during this period of time. However, he realized that there were just too
many things he wanted to share. Like countless rushing rivers, they surged
to his throat and blocked his voice.
After a few seconds, Liaval said, “We… We have a new home…”
Before he could finish his sentence, the nearly 2.5-meter-tall half-giant
hurriedly reached his hand into his pocket and extended it towards his wife
and daughter.
“This is given to us by the Oracle—milk candy. A-all of them say it’s
delicious…” A smile appeared on Liaval’s face.
There were two objects which were the size of a thumb and wrapped in thin
sheets of paper. Its surface was wrinkled, having soaked in a little sweat.
“Milk candy…” Liaval’s wife didn’t quite understand this term. It was a
new word in Jotun that mixed “milk” and “honey.”
Their daughter was infected by her father’s emotions. She boldly took the
candy and was about to stuff it into her mouth.
“No, no, you have to peel off the outer layer.” Liaval hurriedly took back
the two milk candy and peeled off the wrapper before handing one each to
his wife and daughter.
His daughter bit down and ground her teeth forcefully, producing a cracking
sound.
She narrowed her eyes slowly and her expression gradually became more
intoxicated.
During this process, she couldn’t bear to even speak.
Seeing her daughter’s behavior, Liaval’s wife ate the candy.
She felt that this was a very precious thing. She didn’t bite it to pieces
directly, but used her oral cavity to wrap around it and let it slowly melt
away.
The indescribable milk fragrance and sweetness slowly spread out,
intoxicating Liaval’s wife.
When Liaval saw this, his smile widened as he said what had been left stuck
in his throat.
“The Oracle said that we can find a job in Bayam City, receive
commissions, and earn gold pounds. That way, we can buy more milk
candy. We can also sell Beyonder characteristics and monster leather we
have no need for to the Church of Sea God…
“Sea God is Mr. Fool’s subsidiary god…
“It’ll be dark soon. I’ll bring you to the beach to watch the sunset. It’s really
beautiful. I visit it every day. I’ve always been waiting to bring the two of
you there when you arrive…”
…
It’s finally done. My anchor has stabilized significantly… Furthermore,
granting the wishes of the City of Silver and Moon City has allowed my
Miracle Invoker potion to digest by quite a bit. However, it isn’t as much as
restoring Constant City. Indeed, being a God of Wishes isn’t the most
accurate form of acting… Above the gray fog, Klein slowly exhaled and
threw the Staff of the Stars back onto the junk pile.
Following that, he would continue wandering and creating miracles. He
would occasionally head to the Forsaken Land of the Gods and transform
some monsters into marionettes to prepare for the subsequent ritual.
As for the next stage of acting as a Miracle Invoker, Klein planned on
accumulating wishes of changing appearances and figures to solve the
deformities of Moon City, thereby creating a miracle.
This isn’t too difficult… Many maidens and ladies have a wish to remove
acne, have double-eyelids, and make their noses sharper. And I have a way
to do it… This way, by accumulating the simple to the difficult, it will just
take a matter of time to treat the deformed people of Moon City… In the
outside world, they will feel even more inferior… Klein mumbled inwardly
before he suddenly laughed self-deprecatingly.
“In that case, I can call myself the ruler of the beauty industry, the guardian
of architects and the construction workers, the miracle creator of long-
distance travel…”
…
After entering the waters that didn’t have a safe sea route, Queen Mystic
Bernadette seemed to have lost her sense of time. If not for the precise wall
clock in her captain’s cabin, she definitely would’ve forgotten how many
days it had been since she entered this perilous region.
The violent winds and torrential rain made the boat fly up from time to
time, sometimes getting thrown to the side, as if it was a preview to the
impending apocalypse.
Bernadette watched calmly as she waited patiently without interfering with
the Dawn’s situation.
After some time, the storm finally calmed down.
At this moment, a black outline appeared in the distance.