Chapter 1208

The Long-Awaited Serenity
Leave legends in nine places other than this planet… Isn’t this the cosmos?
Looking at the potion formula in his hand, Klein nearly frowned.
He felt that this was more dangerous than the advancement ritual of a
Miracle Invoker.
Although the Box of the Great Old Ones and the two Grade 0 Sealed
Artifacts of the Abraham family, as well as a number of Grade 1 Sealed
Artifacts, had the ability to send people into the cosmos, making the ritual
appear simple, he clearly remembered that the Church of Evernight’s
ascetic leader, Arianna, had once warned him that the cosmos contained
extremely terrifying corruption. It was dangerous to even understand it
before becoming an angel.
One will be corrupted by the cosmos if they aren’t a Planeswalker, and to
become a Planeswalker, one has to travel the cosmos… This has become an
impasse. There’s no way to resolve it… Perhaps, the Abraham family has
records of relatively safe locations in the cosmos. I can’t be too
pessimistic… Also, I have to use divination to verify the authenticity of this
formula when I’m back… Dorian not lying to me doesn’t mean that he
wouldn’t be lied to… Klein retracted his gaze and looked at Dorian Gray
Abraham opposite him.
“Where are all the Planeswalker Beyonder characteristics?”
Having memorized The Fool’s honorific name, Dorian thought for two
seconds before saying, “Two of them are in the form of Grade 0 Sealed
Artifacts in our family. One is in the form of the Box of the Great Old Ones.
One is said to be in the hands of the Demoness Sect, while another is with
the Church of the God of Combat. There is one more, but no one has found
it since the Second Epoch.”
If I could use the Box of the Great Old Ones to exchange for one of the two
relatively normal Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts of the Abraham family, I
wouldn’t have to worry about obtaining the Planeswalker Beyonder
characteristic. However, that advancement ritual is truly a problem…
Besides, the essence of this ritual is clearly to leave a mark in the cosmos.
No matter how many changes are made, I won’t be able to bypass the
cosmos… Klein controlled his expression and nodded at Dorian.
“I hope you can find the answer when the crimson moon becomes full.”
With that said, his figure rapidly turned faint, having reached Fors’s limit.
Upon seeing Gehrman Sparrow “leave” like that, Dorian subconsciously
looked down at the piece of paper with the honorific name of The Fool in
his hand. He realized that it had also turned illusory and disappeared.
“…” Dorian was unable to find the correct answer from the various
Beyonder powers recorded by his family. He turned to look at Fors, opened
his mouth, intending to ask her.
At that moment, he felt a sudden pain in his heart as his pupils rapidly
dilated.
Oh no! The curse is about to act up! Dorian hurriedly reached into his
pocket to retrieve a small metal bottle. He opened the lid and gulped it
down.
Clang!
His actions were so hurried that the lid of the metal bottle fell to the ground.
Fors watched as her teacher’s face turned pale. She watched as he clutched
his chest, unable to react to what had happened.
As a former surgeon, she quickly came to a conclusion and hurriedly said,
“Teacher, are you having a heart attack?
“Do you have any special medicine?”
After asking the last question, Fors realized that she had been overly
anxious and concerned, making her appear a little silly.
The bottle that the teacher drank was definitely the special medicine!
“Do you need any help? I have the ‘Recorded’ a Doctor’s powers,” Fors
asked when she saw that her teacher had recovered based on his expression.
Dorian shook his head, indicating that he was fine.
At the same time, he sighed inwardly.
It’s because you didn’t do as I planned and had directly summoned
Gehrman Sparrow into this room, causing me to not have time to drink the
medicine.
…
Sonia Sea, the capital of the Rorsted Archipelago, the City of Generosity,
Bayam.
The Blue Avenger docked at the port in the evening.
During that period of time, the damage brought to the sea traffic around
Sonia Island by the Church of the Lord of Storms had finally attracted the
actions of the Feysac Empire’s demigods. Many “captains” had died in the
line of duty, and their fleet had suffered a severe blow.
Alger Wilson and his crew avoided this attack while hiding in the primitive
forest of the island while waiting for an opportunity to attack the port. After
the Church of the Lord of Storms and the Loen naval army declared their
goal for this battle had been achieved, they returned to Pasu Island to rest
since it was over.
After that, Alger deliberately engaged in battle. He appeared pious,
passionate, and fervent. He was praised by the cardinals as a result.
This was because he was familiar with the area around the Rorsted
Archipelago. Without a doubt, he had been sent here to strengthen the naval
forces of the important colony.
Of course, in order to avoid conflict with his past identity, he also made
preparations for other matters in the future. Alger and his crew arrived in
Bayam in the name of recruiting pirates.
In this war, many pirates were recruited, effectively making up for the
losses of the navies of the various countries, just like the recruitment of
mercenaries during the early- and mid-stages of the Fourth Epoch.
Taking advantage of the fact that there was still some light in the sky, Alger
got off the boat and headed straight for Sea King Jahn Kottman’s Cathedral
of Waves.
As a Sequence 5 Ocean Songster, he had the right to directly meet the
Church of the Lord of Storms’s cardinal, a high-ranking deacon of the
Mandated Punishers.
As he walked, Alger suddenly saw a familiar face.
It was a middle-aged man wearing a formal suit, a bow tie, and glasses. He
looked rather refined, but Alger knew very well that he was a believer of
Sea God Kalvetua. He had once been a pirate, and now he was a merchant
that did business with both the authorities and the underworld.
“Long time no see, Ralph.” Alger greeted the illegitimate child that had
Loen, Feysac, and Rorsted mixed blood.
Ralph was stunned for a moment, as if he couldn’t recognize the captain of
the Blue Avenger.
“Alger? Our captain of the ghost ship?” After a few seconds, he asked in
surprise.
Alger smiled and said, “Did I change a lot?”
Ralph frowned and replied, “Your temperament has changed a lot. It’s even
more like the ocean and dark clouds before a storm.”
Quite a keen eye… However, this is an act I’m deliberately showing…
After consuming the Ocean Songster potion, if there wasn’t such a change, I
wouldn’t seem like someone from the Church of the Lord of Storms…
Alger sighed and said, “Because there are too many things to worry about.
“Now, it’s all good; I’ve already been hired by the Church of the Lord of
Storms.”
Ralph narrowed his eyes as a sense of vigilance rose in his heart. He
laughed and said, “This is indeed a good thing—if there was no war.”
Alger glanced at the spot where Ralph had just come out and asked, “When
did a new… school appear here?”
He could see at a glance that there were four-story buildings, a cement field,
a garden lawn, and many children happily playing.
The children had dark skin, but some of them didn’t have bronze skin like
the locals. Their hair was only slightly curled, and it wasn’t too obvious.
Without a doubt, this group consisted of mixed-blood children.
Ralph looked back and sighed with a smile.
“Didn’t you donate money to my charity foundation?
“Under God’s guidance, I established a few schools in several large cities
on the island, specially providing education, three meals, and
accommodation for these discriminated children.
“Our childhood was gloomy, and I don’t want them to be the same.”
At the same time Ralph responded, Alger kept staring at the school. When
Ralph was done speaking, Alger looked away and said, “I thought you
would’ve taken at least half of it.”
Ralph broke out into laughter.
“Seems like I left a terrible impression on you.
“How is it? What opinions do you have about this school?”
Alger sized him up and said, “Do you think I’ve been to school before?”
He paused for a moment before saying, “Which street is your charity
foundation on? I might come to you for something in the future.”
Thinking that the other party had been hired by the Church of the Lord of
Storms, Ralph didn’t dare to expose his connection to the Resistance. He
chuckled and said, “It’s fine to donate, but you don’t have to come for
anything else.”
After giving the location of the charity foundation, Ralph returned home.
He went up to the second floor and knocked on the door of a room.
“Lord Danitz, I have something to report.”
In the room, a deep and dignified voice replied, “Come in.”
…
Backlund, Cherwood Borough.
Dorian, who lived in a rented apartment, walked to the window. As the sun
set, the sky gradually darkened.
The crimson moon would be full tonight, and the curse of the Abraham
family would descend once again.
It had been a while since he had shaved his beard. Around his mouth, on
both sides of his cheeks and lower jaw, there was a white mustache
growing. It appeared out-of-place with his middle-aged man’s appearance.
After looking for a while, Dorian bowed his head and recited in Jotun, “The
Fool that doesn’t belong to this era…”
After ending his prayer, he returned to his room and found a sofa to sit
down. He waited for the crimson moon to rise and for the period when the
spirituality was the strongest to arrive.
At that moment, in the ancient palace above the gray fog, Klein had already
taken his seat that belonged to The Fool. He beckoned for a paper figurine.
The paper figurine was surrounded by the power of Sefirah Castle as it
passed through Dorian’s prayer light and landed on him.
During this process, Klein deliberately didn’t show any effects, allowing the
“angel” to silently embrace Dorian.
He felt that if Mr. Fool were to appear too bombastic, it would scare this
ancient family’s member, so he chose to keep a low profile.
The waiting process was always torturous. From time to time, Dorian would
take out his pocket watch, click it open, and take a look. He wanted to know
how long more before the full moon possessed its highest spirituality—this
was something that could be inferred through the mysticism knowledge.
Finally, when it was almost dawn, Dorian instinctively bent down to reduce
the pain brought by the curse.
However, as time passed, all he heard was complete silence. There were no
buzzing ravings.
The crimson moonlight passed through the window and shone on Dorian.
He looked up in a daze and felt that the surroundings were serene, calm,
and indifferent. Nothing abnormal happened.
Dorian looked out of the window and saw the crimson moon. It was pure,
dignified, gentle, and dreamy, as though it was hanging on his heart.
After a moment of silence, Dorian lowered his head and took out his pocket
watch.
“…” He raised his right hand and rubbed his eyes. He covered his face and
didn’t loosen his grip for a long time.
The white mustache on his face gradually became messy, stained with tears
and snot.