Chapter 562

: Helene
Beyonder gathering? Klein thought for a bit, then he nodded and
responded, “Okay.”
I should bring forward to the collection of the supplementary ingredients of
the Nimblewright Master potion. I can also see if I might meet an Artisan…
He subconsciously started to make arrangements in his mind.
Upon seeing Gehrman Sparrow agree, Danitz breathed a quiet sigh of relief,
unable to contain his joy.
For the past few days, having had his bounty raised significantly, he had
obediently stayed in the suite to monitor the radio transceiver. He was so
bored that he yearned for the evening to arrive immediately.
The Beyonder gathering that Danitz mentioned was at the Amyris Leaf Bar,
where pirates, informants, and adventurers were active. It was the first
choice if one wanted to gather information and buy supplies.
Dressed in a black coat and silk top hat, Klein followed Danitz through the
crowded bar’s lobby and into a card room. Under the watchful gaze of
several bouncers, he gave the predetermined signal and descended down a
flight of hidden stairs to a wide underground area.
It’s like the Evil Dragon Bar in Tingen City. There’s an underground market
for herbs, essential oils, ancient books, charms, and all sorts of common
mysticism materials. However, the difference is that there are also all sorts
of guns and ammunition for sale. Klein even discovered antiquated muskets
and lead bullets.
Heh, they also sell fake identity documents and fake seals… As expected of
an overseas colony, their industry is much more developed than Tingen’s…
I’ll buy a batch of ingredients later to make charms in the Sea God domain.
There will always be some discounts if I purchase them in large quantities…
Klein slightly turned his head from side to side to take in the situation in the
underground area.
Next to him, Danitz, who was already doubtful about his own disguise
skills, had deliberately put on a cap, keeping the front of his cap down to
cover half his face. With great familiarity, he led Klein to the other end of
the underground market and knocked on the closed door with two long
knocks and four short knocks.
Behind the door, there was only a single candle. It swayed on the lampstand
on the side wall, scattering yellow light onto the tiny room.
Danitz pointed to the long robes, masks, and other items which were
hanging or placed on a table, and said to Klein, “It’s up to you to decide
whether you would don a disguise. You can also choose not to.”
Klein looked around, his gaze sweeping past the bouncers in the room.
“I don’t need it.”
I am now an informant for the kingdom’s military, and the Church of Storms
also knows of my identity, so there’s nothing for me to be afraid of… If the
pirates and adventurers have any malicious thoughts about me because of
my lack of a disguise, and if they attempt to attack me, hehe… Klein
suddenly pictured bounty rewards flying towards him one by one.
Danitz curled his lips secretly, picked up a black iron mask, and wore it.
Then, he and Klein passed through a dim corridor and into another room
under a bouncer’s lead.
The place was lavishly decorated. The floor was covered with a thick carpet
from the Southern Continent; the walls were decorated with shining
lampstands, and the fresh smell of candles could be caught as they suffused
with light.
Klein glanced around and, without Danitz’s help, found a brown leather
sofa and sat down on it. He leaned back and crossed his right leg.
There were already more than twenty people of various genders gathered
here. Some were in hooded robes, while others showed their faces.
According to Danitz’s description in the morning, not all of the people
attending this gathering were Beyonders, there were spokesmen for certain
factions, as well as adventurers, pirates, and mysticism enthusiasts who
wanted to become Beyonders.
Time slowly passed in that quiet environment. About seven or eight minutes
later, the old man who was sitting on a reclining chair straightened his back
and crossed his hands. He chuckled.
“Everyone, let’s begin.”
Because he was old, his white hair was sparse, leaving only a thin layer.
However, his light brown eyes weren’t turbid, with them being bright and
sharp.
“The organizer of the gathering, Strongman Ozil, a famous pirate in the
past, and now the secret boss of the Amyris Leaf Bar,” Danitz leaned
slightly and introduced the man to Klein with a suppressed voice.
He’d actually mentioned it in the morning, but he was afraid that Gehrman
Sparrow failed to match a name to the face and would later vent his anger
on himself.
It’s a sorrowful matter to have a secret grasped by others… Danitz sighed
inwardly.
Klein nodded indiscernibly as he silently watched the transactions happen.
There were potion formulas for Warrior, Sailor, Mystery Pryer, and others,
but no one bought them. The expectant sellers were disappointed again and
again.
Danitz glanced at Gehrman Sparrow, who wore an expressionless face, he
then leaned over, and explained in a low voice, “There is no Notary at this
gathering, nor any powerful Seer. The authenticity of the potion formula
cannot be guaranteed. It’s too easy to fake such things, and even if people
recognize that the formula is fake, the seller cannot be punished because he
might be a victim as well.”
I know… This is one of the reasons why potion formulas fail to be widely
spread… Klein uncrossed his right leg, leaned forward slightly, and said in
a voice that was neither loud nor low, “I need the remnant spirituality of an
ancient wraith.”
He didn’t mention the eyes of a six-winged gargoyle, the spring water from
Sonia Island’s Golden Spring, or any other supplementary ingredients. He
was worried that others would guess that he was a Faceless who was
preparing to advance to Nimblewright Master.
When he was in Tingen, Klein had relied on the purchase of supplementary
ingredients to accurately suspect that Daxter Guderian was a prospective
Spectator, and thus, he figured out his identity as a member of the
Psychology Alchemists.
It was impossible to deduce any more from the remnant spirituality of an
ancient wraith alone, as many of the rituals in the undead domain would use
it.
Although Klein didn’t disguise himself, he still had to be careful.
The room was silent for two seconds. Then, a slightly hoarse voice
sounded.
“How much do you need?”
Someone really has it? Klein controlled his expression and didn’t let his joy
show on his face.
He tilted his head to look at the speaker and saw that he was a man in his
thirties who was clearly of native blood.
The man’s skin was bronzed, but he had a dull luster from chronic
malnutrition or a lack of light. His face was thin, his cheekbones protruded,
and his eyes were sunken, more white than black.
“A small bottle.” Klein pulled out a small metal bottle as an example.
The thin, dark man was silent for a moment before saying, “500 pounds.”
That’s reasonable… Klein originally wanted to haggle, but he caught a
glimpse of Danitz sitting beside him out of the corner of his eye.
I’m Gehrman Sparrow, a cold, crazy adventurer… Klein repeated this line
three times inwardly, quietly took a deep breath, and calmly nodded.
“Okay.”
He took out the large stack of cash he had prepared, and he counted out a
sum of 500 pounds.
The man with the mostly white eyes took out a glass test tube from his
pocket, threw it at Klein, and said, “All the spirituality will be gone after a
year.”
He wasn’t afraid that the other party wouldn’t be unable to catch it, because
even if it were to break, it wouldn’t affect the material itself. It would only
be a matter of changing the container.
Klein raised his right hand and accurately caught the glass tube. He saw
many phosphorescent spots floating in the tube, and when they touched the
glass wall, they would strangely expand, forming a face with blurred
features that opened to form a mouth that screamed silently.
It’s real… Klein nodded to himself and handed the thick stack of cash worth
500 pounds to the attendant who approached and handed it to the seller.
The trading continued, most of it failing with only a small number
succeeding.
At the end of the day, the gathering’s organizer, Strongman Ozil laughed
and said, “I have a request.”
As he spoke, he pulled out a photo from his inside pocket.
“The reward for finding the person above is 1,000 pounds or some other
common Beyonder ingredient of equal value. Remember, do not hurt her.”
1,000 pounds? This would make most adventurers go crazy… I wonder who
he’s looking for, to offer such a high reward… Not surprisingly, Klein saw
that everyone present was willing to give it a try.
The picture began to be passed in a counterclockwise fashion, and a few
minutes later, it was in Klein’s hands.
As he casually swept a glance over it, a bit of surprise suddenly surfaced in
his heart.
The woman in the photo was rather pretty, with bright red hair and a pair of
green eyes that resembled emeralds. Her skin wasn’t fair, but she gave off a
healthy feeling.
At the time of the photoshoot, she was wearing a long, lake-colored skirt.
Her waist was tightened with a flower-shaped ribbon, making her appear
exceptionally slender. Although her face seemed to be smiling, her overall
appearance was one of displeasure and awkwardness.
A girl with a good family background… Who would pay 1,000 pounds to
find her? Furthermore, the premise is that she cannot be hurt… Hmm, a
picture of her forcing a smile… Many romance stories with intertwined love
and hate flashed in Klein’s mind.
Stories like a tyrannical pirate falling in love with a wealthy merchant’s
daughter, abducting her onto his boat before she eventually escaped; or
some noble lady from a declining noble family turning into a pirate, and
was later caught due to a mistake, only to have a sinful relationship with a
mid- or high-ranking Mandated Punisher or military officer, thus escaping
from her predicament and imprisonment; how a newly advanced Demoness
accidentally fell into a debt of love when giving someone pleasure… Such
thoughts flashed through his mind, and Klein almost raised his hand to
cover his face.
I’ve read too many novels in my previous life… And I happen to have a
trauma because of Demonesses in this world… He sighed to himself,
looked up at Ozil and asked, “What’s her name?”
“Helene,” Ozil answered succinctly, “but she must have switched to using a
fake alias.”
Helene, a typical female Intis name… Klein asked again, “Is there anything
she often wears?
“Hair is fine too.”
This was a medium that could be used to seek her with divination.
Klein didn’t mention things like recently worn clothes that hadn’t been
washed, afraid that the employer behind the scenes would throw him a
piece of lingerie, making it awkward.
Ozil shook his head.
“Nothing.
“She has a strong anti-tracking ability.”
“What’s her strength like?” another member of the gathering asked.
Ozil said in a serious manner, “The employer didn’t give a detailed
description. It’s said that she isn’t too strong, but she’s stronger than a
Sequence 9.
“You don’t need to capture her. As long as you determine her whereabouts,
you will be paid.”