Chapter 374

: Artificial Sleepwalking
Lawrence sat in the coffee shop booth, unable to stop himself from thinking
about the hardships of the Abraham family over the years.
Ever since they had split up into smaller families and settled in other places,
the Elder Council’s control over the family members hit rock-bottom. A
great number of Abrahams refused to advance, in order to avoid the effects
of the curse; hence, many of them remained at Sequence 8 or 9. Some
didn’t even attempt to become Beyonders, wishing to be ordinary people
with a certain amount of knowledge so as to live a calm and peaceful life.
The Elder Council believed that this was an act of forgetting the family’s
honor, but it couldn’t be harsh on such actions since it was tantamount to
self-destruction.
In such a situation, the upper echelons of the Abraham family began to
think of introducing changes. They imitated the teacher-apprentice
inheritance system of the Life School of Thought, and they trained non-
family members, hoping that once they advanced to become High-Sequence
Beyonders, then they would, in turn, be able to help the Abraham family
deal with the curse that had existed for about 1,500 years and find their
ancestor, Bethel Abraham, who had vanished in the War of the Four
Emperors.
The plan started off smoothly, and the apprentices who didn’t have to worry
about the curse quickly became stronger and stronger under the Abraham
family’s meticulous nurturing. Within a short period of ten years, there were
several strong Sequence 5 individuals among them, while not a single
person among the direct descendants of the Abraham family was Sequence
6.
The trunk was too weak, but the branches were too strong; hence, the seeds
of tragedy were planted, and the ambitious apprentices began casting their
sights on the powerful Sealed Artifacts that the Abraham family possessed.
Their plot failed, but it also resulted in serious repercussions. All the non-
family members at Sequences 6 and 5 were of the opinion that their
positions within the Abraham family didn’t match their own strength and
that they couldn’t be trusted, preventing them from being in possession of
certain Sealed Artifacts.
In the process of going back and forth, with difficult negotiations occurring
and compromises between the two parties, an accident happened. One of
them, Traveler Botis, was lured by the True Creator into joining the Aurora
Order, which led to a terrible disaster.
In this disaster, the upper echelons of the Abraham family were almost
completely destroyed. More than half of the few powerful Sealed Artifacts
were lost, and only three were left. As a result, Lawrence’s brother, who he
shared the same mother with, Richard, died.
Not only did Botis benefit greatly from it, but he also gathered all the
Beyonder ingredients he needed, and with the help of the True Creator, he
successfully overcame the dangers and became a demigod, becoming one of
the five Saints of the Aurora Order, the Saint of Mystery.
After the disaster, the rebuilt Abraham family’s Elder Council reflected over
the actions of the past few years, but they couldn’t find a solution to the
problem. Emotions such as negativity, dejection, and hopelessness shrouded
the hearts of the few remaining family members.
Lawrence didn’t wish to be placed in such an environment or face sighing
and repressed emotions every day. He found a reason to leave the Elder
Council and came to Backlund to look for his other brothers, Laubero, who
he shared the same mother, and Sam, who he didn’t share the same mother.
But now, he suddenly realized that he was the only one remaining from his
father’s line.
He was already nearly eighty-years-old, and all his children had died in the
disaster brought about by Botis.
Just recalling the past made him feel sorrow from the bottom of his heart.
The most painful thing was that he couldn’t see the hope for revenge, and
he couldn’t see the dawn of his clan’s glory appearing once more.
I’m already very old, and I was also injured before. Unless it’s absolutely
necessary, I wouldn’t dare to use my Beyonder powers anymore, which
would cause me to lose control or even cause the curse to descend… What
is the future of the Abraham family? Lawrence took a sip of the Fermo
coffee and fell into a long silence.
…
Upon returning to her rented house, Fors immediately entered the bedroom
and locked the wooden door behind her.
She sat on the edge of the bed, calmed her mind, and whispered the
honorific name that represented hope and the future.
“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era,
“You are the mysterious ruler above the gray fog;
“You are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.
“I wish to inform you of what I have encountered today.
“I met the elder brother of the husband of the old lady who made me
become an Apprentice. He seems to be a member of a certain family…
“I didn’t mention anything related to mysticism, but I’m worried that he has
extremely powerful divination abilities and will be able to find out the
complete truth…”
…
At this moment, Klein happened to be above the gray fog.
He saw the crimson star that represented The Magician expanding outward,
rippling as he heard the stacked layers of pleas.
After figuring out the details, Klein tapped the edge of the ancient table and
said to himself silently, How cautious for her to know to seek help from The
Fool.
Besides, your guess isn’t wrong. The corresponding Sequence 7 for
Apprentice is Astrologer…
Having recently read the Book of Secrets thoroughly, he had quickly come
up with a plan that would help him interfere with divination through rituals.
I have to say, with the Book of Secrets and my advancement to Sequence 7,
I’m becoming more and more godlike when above the gray fog. Of course,
for the time being, I’m still just an empty shell…
Speaking of which, I’ve been acting in front of Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged
Man several times, fooling them completely. Why didn’t I receive any
feedback from my spirituality? The speed at which I digest the potion
doesn’t seem to be getting faster as a result. Does it have to happen in the
real world? Yes, it might be possible that their “applause,” as an audience,
has been blocked by the gray fog, preventing them from directly affecting
me. Just like how the Eternal Blazing Sun and the True Creator are unable
to penetrate the gray fog to find this mysterious space…
From the looks of it, the reaction between the gray fog and this mysterious
space is very mechanical. It’s not sentient enough, and it lacks
intelligence… However, to me, this is actually a good thing…
In the midst of his thoughts, Klein turned his knowledge into an ancient
piece of goatskin and threw it into the crimson star that symbolized The
Magician.
A boundless grayish-white fog suddenly filled the air in front of Fors’s eyes,
and an illusory yellowish-brown goatskin descended from the sky.
When she saw the information written on it, she suddenly felt at peace.
With Mr. Fool, Mr. Lawrence certainly wouldn’t be able to get the correct
revelations via divination! Fors sincerely expressed her gratitude and busily
prepared for the ritual.
She had seen a lot of instances where evil spirits did harm to others. In fact,
she didn’t trust The Fool that much, but the curse of the full moon forced
her to rely on him.
Regardless of how bad the consequences are, I will just lose my life.
Without the help of Mr. Fool, I would’ve already lost control during the last
Blood Moon and become a monster… Every day I live is a day gained. This
is all given to me by Mr. Fool, and he can take it back at any time. Well, it’s
best if he doesn’t… Fors took a breath and lit the two candles that
symbolized The Fool.
The initial steps of the ritual were no different from those she had mastered
before. This continued until the candles were lit and the essential oils,
extract, and herbal powder were thrown into the fire.
When the fragrance of a serene etherealness filled the room, a faint, illusory
fog covered the entire altar. According to the contents of the goatskin, Fors
quickly adjusted her body and mind, entered Cogitation and chanted the
corresponding name of The Fool over and over again.
Such monotonous, repetitive behavior allowed the originally calm and
relaxed Fors to slowly enter a state where the mind was in deep sleep while
her spirituality dispersed. Her entire being felt groggy, but she maintained a
strange sense of lucidness. She felt as if her spirit was floating about,
constantly moving upwards.
This was similar to the “secret deed” process that was formed with the help
of an external object, but it was different in many ways. This was a
technique in mediumship and was used to communicate with higher level
spirits. At an extremum, it could even allow a Beyonder to travel the spirit
world under the pretext of maintaining a special lucidness.
Some Beyonders who specialized in influencing the mind called it
“artificial sleepwalking.” They could use techniques such as hypnosis to
make ordinary people enter this state as well.
In that way, an ordinary person would appear to be in a deep slumber, yet
they would be able to answer questions. Although their eyes and mouths
were closed, they could detect the presence of various Spirit Bodies around
them; thus, completing a certain degree of communication.
The reason why Klein didn’t let Fors use the secret deed ritual was that it
could only give knowledge or direct effects such as purification or
corruption, letting the target’s mind gain a wonderful experience. It couldn’t
interfere with the divination or other matters done by another person.
Simply put, the secret deed ritual directly affected the target’s Spirit Body,
Astral Projection, Body of Heart and Mind, and Ether Body. The related
positive or negative states were removed, and with the artificial
sleepwalking ritual, it allowed Klein to do something indirect so as to deal
with any outside interference.
In a daze, Fors felt herself drifting back to the majestic old palace above the
gray fog, and she saw Mr. Fool sitting high above, looking down at
everything.
Klein looked at the image of The Magician projected by the dark red
starlight. He unhurriedly picked up a paper figurine that he had found
earlier from his trash pile in the corner.
As a Seer who had advanced twice, he had many ways to interfere with the
divination of others, so he didn’t need to rely on mystical items to help him.
At this moment, due to the effects of the ritual, the mysterious space above
the gray fog started to tremble slightly, and some of the power was flowing
due to the perturbation.
Klein’s left hand pressed the Dark Emperor card on the surface of the long
bronze table, connecting it with his own Spirit Body and uplifting himself
to a higher level. It raised his level just like the previous times he used the
Flaring Sun Charm and Azik’s copper whistle to solidify his Spirit Body.
Then, with a flick of his right wrist, he threw the paper figurine out.
The paper figurine suddenly expanded in size, and on its back, twelve pairs
of black angel wings which were cut out of paper grew out. The feathers
were vivid and lifelike.
The paper “angel” pierced through the dark red light and overlapped with
the illusory figure of The Magician.
Without any warning, it started to burn and completely disappeared.
The half-awake Fors seemed to see a dignified and majestic angel as it
wrapped layer upon layers of pitch-black wings around her!
After an unknown period of time, Fors suddenly awoke from her artificial
sleepwalking state. In front of her were only the three candles quietly
burning on the altar and the fog that had permeated the entire room. At the
tip of her nose was the familiar fragrance of serene etherealness.
Angel… Fors was so lost in thought that she momentarily forgot to end the
ritual.