Chapter 393

: The Worm of Time
After a brief moment of blankness, Audrey quickly understood what The
Sun was saying—he was saying that Mr. Fool had sent “His” angel to
purify Amon’s avatar!
Angel!
Mr. Fool sent an angel!
Mr. Fool really has an angel as an attendant!
Every angel has at least the power of a Sequence 2…
Although that’s expected and I’ve already expected it, it’s still amazing
because it has finally been verified!
And only deities can control angels!
Audrey’s eyes shone with excitement. She couldn’t help but wonder what
Mr. Fool’s angel looked like.
I wonder if I’ll be lucky enough to see that… She looked towards the end of
the long bronze table with admiration and zeal.
At the same time, her spiritual perception told her that Mr. World, who was
always gloomy, had also sat up straight in shock, which pleased her
inexplicably.
Fors recalled what had happened to her previously. She had only asked Mr.
Fool to interfere with any divinations, and she ended up seeing a twelve-
winged archangel descend, enveloping her Spirit Body with its wings.
It really was an angel… Black wings, an archangel with twelve pairs of
wings… And this really is just a routine procedure for Mr. Fool. “He”
would send an angel to help members of the gathering get out of trouble…
Fors suddenly didn’t dare to look up at the gentleman who was sitting
leisurely at the end of the long bronze table.
Although she was still only Sequence 9, and she hadn’t received a complete
education in the field of mysticism, she had been involved with different
Beyonder circles for three years. She would’ve learned of certain things
even if she didn’t deliberately find out about them.
In the midst of all of this, there was a very important clause: “You may not
look directly at God.”
In the past, this sentence didn’t leave much of an impression on Fors, but
now she suddenly felt that it was the truth, the truth derived from countless
bloody lessons.
Angel? Mr. Fool really does have an angel by his side! The Hanged Man
felt a wave of fear and baffling excitement hit him, causing his body to
tremble slightly.
Previously, when “He” told us his honorific name and responded to prayers
and rituals, this had indirectly expressed the notion that Mr. Fool was
equivalent to a god. However, direct evidence was still lacking. But now, an
angel has appeared! The existence of that alone is enough to explain many
things! Amongst them, the most important thing is that Angels represent the
most direct form of deterrence! Mr. Fool is not without influence in the real
world… Even if “He” doesn’t go through his adorers, “He” can still project
his majesty onto a certain region… Alger immediately thought of many
things. He broke into a cold sweat for his shallow actions in the past while
feeling filled with hope for the future.
Immediately following that, he started to think about the details of what The
Sun had said.
Mr. Fool didn’t let the angel descend directly. Instead, he taught The Sun a
ritual. Through that ritual, “He” sent the angel to purify Amon’s avatar.
That’s quite a roundabout way of doing things…
Does this mean that in order to influence the real world, Mr. Fool must
break through many obstacles? This is consistent with my earlier judgment
that “He” is in a sealed and confined state… Or perhaps there’s something
special about the Forsaken Land of the Gods?
The reason why Mr. Fool didn’t act like this before was because “He” has
escaped a little? “He” is gradually freeing “Himself”…
Sitting at Mr. Fool’s seat, Klein slowly looked around. He was obviously
aware of Miss Justice’s reverence and zeal, as well as the fear and
excitement of The Hanged Man.
Weren’t you always treating me like a god in the past? Why are you acting
like this after hearing about the angel? It seems like indirect evidence
ultimately cannot be compared to the shock and awe delivered by direct
evidence… If a new member were to question me in the future, I would
make preparations in advance for The World to step forward and say
something. Then, I would casually point my finger and kill him as an
example to others… Once things calm down, I would make a new The
World…Klein’s thoughts gradually wandered.
Derrick didn’t quite understand the reactions of Mr. Hanged Man and Miss
Justice. From his point of view, wasn’t it normal that an angel served a god
or a mighty existence?
After pondering for a few seconds, he said, “After Amon’s avatar was
purified, I coughed out a worm that was exactly identical to the one in the
dungeon. Do you know what it is?”
With the help of Klein’s help, The Sun successfully conjured a projection of
a translucent worm with twelve transparent rings.
Audrey and Fors looked over curiously. At the same time, they shook their
heads, indicating that they had never seen or heard of this kind of worm.
Twelve rings… In the Book of Secrets, all similar symbols have something
to do with time… The Amon family was descended from an ancient sun god,
and in ancient times, people believed that the sun and time were related…
This can barely be considered an explanation and can be verified from two
angles… However, why is it that the current Eternal Blazing Sun is the
Inextinguishable Light, Embodiment of Order, God of Deeds, and Guardian
of Businesses, but he doesn’t seem to be involved in the domain that deals
with time… In order to maintain his image as The Fool, Klein was in no
hurry to answer.
He smiled, his gaze warm.
Alger thought for a moment before saying, “It should be the vessel that
Amon created for his avatar.
“In legends, there is a type of worm that looks similar, appearance-wise.
They have twelve transparent rings and are called Worms of Time.
However, no one has ever seen them before. Many people suspect that it’s
actually the name of a Sequence potion.”
Worm of Time… So it’s very close to my guess… Although this is just a
legend spread among Beyonders at the middle echelons of particular
Churches and above, the information itself is of great value. Is Mr. Hanged
Man saying this out loud to let others know this because he has been
rewarded, having learned a lot of important information from The Sun?
Klein felt wistful and amused at the same time.
“Worm of Time… The vessel that Amon created for his avatar…” Derrick
whispered to himself, as though he had resolved many of his doubts.
He curiously asked, “What can it be used for? I mean, when it’s dead.”
“I don’t know.” Faced with The Sun’s trust and respectful gaze, Alger
suddenly felt a little ashamed.
At that moment, The Fool, who was sitting at the very end of the long
bronze table, spoke calmly, “The main material of certain rituals.”
This was what Klein had surmised from the contents of the Book of Secrets.
However, he wasn’t worried that he would say anything wrong, because it
was almost impossible to prove it.
Failing to find the ritual that requires a Worm of Time just serves to prove
that you’re not knowledgeable enough! Klein casually added inwardly.
Certain rituals… Audrey and the others instantly let their imaginations run
wild.
“Thank you, the great Mr. Fool.” Derrick got up halfway and bowed.
Following that, the topic steered towards the matter that threatened the
existence of the City of Silver. “The exploratory team is back. I’m referring
to the team led by Shepherd Elder Lovia. They completed the exploration of
the Fallen Creator’s half-destroyed temple and have returned to the City of
Silver. And I discovered that a few of the team members that I know have
undergone a certain degree of change.”
“They’ve been corrupted by the True Creator,” Alger didn’t hesitate to point
that out with a tone of certainty.
The True Creator? Audrey couldn’t help but look at the end of the bronze
table.
She remembered very clearly that the True Creator had once had its descent
foiled by Mr. Fool’s adorer. She had even guessed that the leader of their
Tarot Club was going to be “The Nemesis of Evil Gods.”
“Really?” Derrick returned, refusing to believe it.
The Hanged Man calmly said, “Describe their changes in detail.”
“I still feel like he’s the same person, but he’s very different from before.
His original optimism has now turned heavy. There’s only a polite smile left
from his former bright smile…” Derrick shared everything abnormal that he
had discovered, including the sudden improvement in Shepherd Elder
Lovia’s state.
Alger said in deliberation, “The situation might be worse than you think.
Corruption could be the best possibility.
“Now, if they truly believe, from the bottom of their hearts, in the True—
Uh, Fallen Creator, that would be trouble, and they would be irredeemable.
“Regardless, their characters, thoughts, and viewpoints would all be
warped, turning into hidden lunatics. You can take action from this angle,
letting other members of the six-member council notice that something is
amiss.”
“I’ve already reported the matter, but the Chief doesn’t seem to trust me too
much,” Derrick said in a slightly aggrieved and heavy manner.
Fors couldn’t help but sigh.
“That’s because your Chief is suspecting that you’re possessed by Amon
and planning something nefarious against the City of Silver.”
“Then, what should I do? Even if I tell them of the existence of the Fallen
Creator, they wouldn’t believe me, am I right?” Derrick asked anxiously.
The Hanged Man pondered for two seconds before saying, “In truth, your
Chief should’ve begun paying attention to the Shepherd and the exploratory
team members. For your City of Silver to survive to this day, the upper
echelons will definitely have the most basic level of vigilance and not
neglect any possible threats. The only problem is that the importance they
place on this matter is definitely insufficient; at the very least, it’s not as
important as their attention on you and Amon.”
Without waiting for The Sun to speak, he added after some deliberation,
“Perhaps you can use this incident to wipe away the suspicion on you…
Find an opportunity to make a particular exploratory team member to show
the most thorough extent of an abnormality and enter into a conflict with
him. That way, the other members of the six-member council will notice
that something isn’t right and raise the priority on this matter.
“At the same time, hand over the suspected Worm of Time and say that you
suddenly felt your mind be adrift while the conflict was happening and that
you had no idea what happened. You only vaguely heard someone shouting
‘True Creator,’ before you woke up. And by then, you had already coughed
out that worm.
“When an evil god is involved, there are many means and abilities that one
wouldn’t dare use without thought. Your Chief would adhere to logic and
guess that Amon’s avatar and the mental corruption left behind by the True
Creator had entered into conflict, eventually being destroyed and reduced to
a dead worm. The surveillance on you would definitely decline
significantly. If you act normally for an additional period of time, then the
suspicion placed on you would be completely gone.”
Why does Mr. Hanged Man seem so well-versed in this aspect… Audrey
thought with her mouth slightly open.
Derrick’s eyes lit up when he heard this, and he felt that Mr. Hanged Man
was indeed trustworthy. He had come up with such a good idea!
“Then, how do I make that exploratory team member display the most
thorough extent of his abnormality?” he quickly asked.
Alger fell silent for a few seconds before saying, “I don’t know.”
He then added, “It would be great if there are items related to the True
Creator…”
With a whoosh, Audrey looked towards The Fool who was seated at the end
of the long bronze table.