Chapter 777

: Sick and Crazy Setup
On Friday afternoon, Klein, who had skipped a literary salon because of his
feigned sickness, arrived above the gray fog once again.
In front of him was a hard-covered, palm-sized notebook which was bronze
green in color. It was Leymano’s Travels which The Magician Fors had
provided.
After flipping the item which was closer to a spellbook over to a certain
page, Klein looked at the yellowish-brown page, raised his hand, and
summoned the Sea God Scepter from the junk pile.
As he injected some of his spirituality into Leymano’s Travels, making it
light up with a faint luster, he made the blue gem on the scepter’s tip emit a
bright light.
A sizzling sound was produced as bolts of silver lightning appeared out of
thin air. They were thick and menacing as they zapped about, meshing
together to form a hurricane.
At the same time, complicated symbols and labels quickly outlined
themselves on the page of Leymano’s Travels. They overlapped each other
and fused together, slowly taking shape.
Just as the page was about to be colored in silver, bolts of lightning snaked
out from it, causing all the patterns to be destroyed!
It failed again… Klein sighed silently as he repeated the same process.
This wasn’t his first attempt. Ever since he obtained Leymano’s Travels on
Wednesday night, he would head above the gray fog from time to time,
using this spellbook to record the powers produced by the Sea God Scepter.
He repeated it until his spirituality was nearly drained, forcing him to return
to the real world to take a break.
During this process, there were successes and failures. Klein relied on
repeated attempts before completing the final step, recording the Lightning
Storm spell which he had eyed for a very long time!
This was a demigod power of the Sailor pathway!
Before that failure, Klein had failed nearly twenty times. It could be said
that his luck was terrible.
After repeated failures, he was delighted to see a silver luster spread across
the yellowish page at the fifth attempt. An ancient, mysterious, complicated,
and indescribable symbol contracted, forming a fancy diagram that made
anyone who placed their eyes on it feel as though they were being struck by
lightning.
Phew… I’ve finally succeeded. Klein rubbed his fingers against the paper
and heaved a long sigh of relief.
He flipped through Leymano’s Travels and admired his previous efforts.
Over the past two days, he wasn’t fully caught up with Lightning Storm. He
also recorded two other demigod powers. One of them was Paper Angel that
he had used while stirring some of the powers above the gray fog. It aided
in disrupting any divination and prophecies. Similarly, there was Hurricane
that stemmed from the Sea God Scepter.
When recording them, Klein was rather lucky. One took nine times, while
the other took twelve before he succeeded.
As for Flight, Glide, Lightning Strike, and other powers that didn’t reach
Sequence 4, they only required him to do it once or twice. Therefore, Klein
had almost filled the entire book.
This spellbook isn’t very useful to unaffiliated Beyonders. It needs plenty of
time and patience to record a sufficient number of powers. And when the
powers exceed Sequence 6, the chances of failure increases, making the
powers difficult to obtain… However, there are 22 pathways in the mystical
domain. If the first few Sequences have their powers matched well, finishing
off a Sequence 5 isn’t too surprising… Klein closed Leymano’s Travels and
sighed inwardly.
From his point of view, the spellbook was equivalent to half a divine
artifact for unaffiliated Beyonders. Although it was more difficult to be
useful than Creeping Hunger in its early stages, once there was a good
combination, it was quite normal for one to fight someone of a higher
Sequence. However, among Beyonders who were supported by major
factions, Leymano’s Travels would be ridiculously powerful. This was
because it could record a demigod’s powers!
As long as they wish, a demigod can repeat the power again and again. As
for Creeping Hunger, it has a high chance of failing to devour a demigod.
Even a real Shepherd would find it extremely difficult to Graze a High-
Sequence Beyonder. Firstly, there are no available resources, and secondly,
it’s easy to lose control. Elder Lovia from the City of Silver was someone
lucky enough to be able to Graze a Sequence 4 evil spirit… When Klein
thought of this, he cast his gaze onto a dark green, coarse stone. It was
rough and uneven with signs of burn marks. It was none other than Fors’s
stone that allowed the traversal of the spirit world.
With Leymano’s Travels and this stone, along with the Luck Siphon charm
and Wraith marionette, even if Mr. X has a Saint protecting him, I should
still be able to complete the mission and leave without problems… Klein
rubbed his temples and returned to the real world. After setting up a
bestowment ritual, he brought the corresponding items back.
After making all the preparations, he walked to the full-body mirror and
looked at himself. He made himself look haggard.
After dinner, Klein had used the excuse of not being well to return to his
room.
After taking in the night scenery, he took out a palm-sized mirror from the
drawer and placed it on the soft and elastic pillow.
Then, Klein went over, making the mirror reflect the blue-eyed, white-
sideburned Dwayne Dantès.
He then slowly straightened his body and took a step back, creating another
Dwayne Dantès in bed!
This gentleman was wearing silk pajamas and leaning against a pillow. He
held a book in hand with his eyes half-closed as though he was in thought.
Not bad, the mirror illusion isn’t weaker than a paper figurine illusion…
Klein returned to the desk and picked up a fountain pen, drawing the
strange symbol that was a mixture of secrecy and mystery prying.
After a brief silence, the Dwayne Dantès in bed suddenly opened his eyes
and gave a toady smile.
“Great Master, your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, is here!”
I have to say that even with Dwayne Dantès’s face, there’s no way he can
look normal with that kind of smile… Klein silently sighed and nearly
turned to look to his side.
“Very good,” he praised with a nod.
He didn’t give any other instructions. With a half top hat, he slid down from
the balcony to the first floor. He followed the secluded garden trail and
flipped over the corner perimeter wall of 160 Böklund Street. During this
process, he hadn’t forgotten to close the windows.
Pressing his right hand on his hat and landing his feet on the streets, Klein
slowly looked up. At some point in time, his facial features and outline had
changed. He had black hair and brown eyes, with a thin and angular face.
This was the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow, who had a bounty of
50,000 pounds from just a single country!
The hunt was about to begin.
…
Cherwood Beyonder. Xio, who was just about to head out to East Borough
to participate in Mr. X’s Beyonder gathering, was stopped by Fors.
“You want to head out to gather material?” Xio deliberated before saying
the words her friend often used.
Fors stroked her hair and said, “No, to earn money!
“I previously accepted a mission to find the dust left behind after a ghost
fades away. As you know, there aren’t any ghosts at the cemetery. They’ve
all been given a send-off by the priests and bishops to their respective
deity’s kingdom. Therefore, I can only head over to East Borough and find
targets that died due to various reasons without being discovered.
“Can you bear letting such a beautiful and frail lady like me head into such
a messy place alone?”
“But, can’t you push it back a day?” Xio said hesitantly. “I’m planning to
participate in Mr. X’s gathering.”
Fors immediately shook her head.
“No, I need to complete the mission tomorrow. It’s a total of 50 pounds!”
“If it’s due tomorrow, why didn’t you do it the past few days?” Xio looked
suspiciously at her friend.
Fors chuckled.
“Is this your first day knowing me?
“Don’t you know I have a severe case of procrastination?
“Besides, you have no money. What’s the point of going to Mr. X’s
gathering? You don’t even know what Beyonder ingredients you need!”
“That’s true.” Xio was convinced before she smiled. “Does every author
have a sickness of procrastination?”
“Probably.” As Fors perfunctorily replied, she secretly heaved a sigh of
relief.
…
In the East Borough, inside a cheap motel, Klein entered the room which
Miss Magician had reserved for him under a fake alias.
Here, having a room and a bed for one person was an extravagance, but
even so, such rooms only cost 12 pence a night. Of course, many of the
cheap motels in East Borough didn’t have any single rooms. The best of
them were some compartments that cost 5 pence a night. It only had a bed
and a partition that blocked others from looking inside, allowing the
occupants to change clothes.
As for the ten to twenty bunk beds in the basement, they cost 1.5 pence a
night. The motel didn’t hold any responsibilities for the items that one
stored there.
There’s actually a mirror. Not bad… Klein put down his hat and stood in
front of a full-body mirror filled with crevices. He then wore the hooded
robe which Miss Magician had prepared for him.
Immediately after that, his body shrank at a discernible pace. His skin
gradually turned pale with a tinge of malt colors. The Adam’s apple at his
throat vanished as his hair grew long and turned blonde.
Klein instantly recognized the image of Fors’s friend, even though the
disguise didn’t show her looks. It was Miss Xio!
However, because there was a hood to conceal himself, he didn’t really
transform into a woman. All he did was handle the easily noticeable spots.
I can’t do anything about the height of 150 centimeters. I’ll need to digest
the entirety of my potion before I can reach this limit… Thankfully, Miss Xio
disguises herself by raising her height. I don’t have to vex over this… Klein
looked at the 160-centimeter-tall figure in the mirror, switched to a pair of
leather boots that looked to be and was flat-soled.
After donning the disguise, Klein hooded himself and silently left the single
room from the window. He came to an alley in East Borough, taking a
detour until he arrived outside the building where Mr. X was hosting the
Beyonder gathering.
After recalling the passcode which Miss Magician had provided, Klein
rapped the door with his fingers—three light taps and three heavy taps,
separated by two long and three short intervals.
After ten seconds, the door silently opened. An attendant wearing an iron
mask first observed the visitor before making way.
Klein calmly walked past him and entered the building without showing
any signs of panic.