Chapter 1018

: 1018 Unexpected
1018 Unexpected
Empress Borough, by the side of Viscount Stratford’s mansion.
Fors and Xio, who were dressed in black dresses, hid in a dark corner. They
stared intently at the tightly closed metal gates as they patiently waited for
their target to appear.
It wasn’t raining tonight, so they didn’t have to face harsh weather
conditions. The carriage that remained parked by the side of the street
lamps made it clear to them that their patience would be rewarded. It was
only a matter of time.
After an unknown period of time, the gates produced a heavy metal groan
as they slowly opened.
A figure in a black cloak appeared with its head bowed. The figure walked
to the side of the carriage and nimbly boarded the carriage.
“Is that her?” Fors lowered her voice and asked Xio.
She didn’t have Beyonder powers that could restore a target’s
characteristics from a mere description, and she had never seen her before.
Therefore, she couldn’t rely on her spiritual intuition or astromancy to make
a judgment.
Xio nodded in affirmation and said, “Yes!”
As they quietly conversed, the rental carriage sped up and left the side
gates.
Xio immediately left her hiding spot, prepared to use her Sheriffs Beyonder
powers and the physical enhancement that being an Interrogator gave her to
lock onto her target while jogging.
“What are you doing?” At that moment, Fors pressed down on her shoulder,
foiling her plans.
“Track her!” Xio looked back at her friend in puzzlement.
Fors looked at the rental carriage that hadn’t completely pulled away from
them and asked thoughtfully,
“Why are you tracking her for?
“Also, didn’t you say that the target has a rather powerful Beyonder
protecting her once you enter the Backlund Bridge area?”
“That’s right.” Xio first answered the second question before saying, “Your
question is very odd. The reason you track someone is to determine the
target’s appearance, identity, and motives.”
Fors retracted her left hand from Xio’s shoulder and revealed a smile.
“Since the target is protected by a rather powerful Beyonder, it will be
difficult for us to complete the tracking in the Backlund Bridge area. We
won’t be able to find her residence and figure out her true identity. Do you
wish to directly fight her guardian? Although you have me to help, are you
certain about that person’s strength? How certain are you? Will it be very
dangerous?
“Besides, once the battle begins, it will definitely alarm the target. This is
the same as stopping the carriage midway and confronting her directly. It
will foil your primary objective. It will alarm Viscount Stratford and
prevent him from falling into a predicament that will offer you a chance to
take action.”
“If we do it, then there’s a possibility of failure, but failure is certain if we
do nothing,” Xio emphasized that she knew the situation well. All she
wanted was to make an attempt and find an opportunity midway.
At this moment, the rental carriage had already turned into another street at
the end of the road. Fors watched the back of it gradually disappear as she
shook her head and smiled.
“No, no, no. We need to change our way of thinking!
“We should first attempt to figure out the target’s appearance. After
daybreak, we can use her appearance to perform normal investigations in
the Backlund Bridge area and then obtain information from other channels.”
“Your choice of words is very professional,” Xio said in thought.
“Of course. I’ve written detective novels before!” Fors answered without
any sense of modesty.
“But how do I figure out what the target looks like without alerting her?”
Xio raised the most critical question.
Prepared, Fors took out Leymano’s Travels and said with a smile,
“Elementary. Using the Psychological Invisibility Miss Justice recorded!”
Although Audrey didn’t encounter any situations that required her to use
Leymano’s Travels, she had rented it thrice out of curiosity. She studied the
uses and traits of the Beyonder powers recorded, and she recorded her own
Beyonder powers into it. This included the rather useful Psychological
Invisibility.
As for her true identity, Xio and Fors were increasingly certain of it, but
they didn’t directly ask or do any further investigations. That was the most
basic form of respect towards other Tarot Club members.
After hearing her friend’s answer, Xio came to a realization and was
instantly inspired.
Fors continued, “By using the Beyonder powers on this page, you will be
placed in the sensory blind spots of all surrounding creatures. They
wouldn’t be able to see you even if you were to jump around in front of
them. That way, you can directly board the carriage and stand in front of the
target, openly taking in her appearance and remember all her traits.
“Heh heh, I sometimes think that people who use Psychological Invisibility
might end up being squashed to death by huge creatures that happen to walk
past if they’re unlucky.
“Uh, don’t make too much noise later. Don’t speak to any nearby creatures,
or else you will garner attention. Let Psychological Invisibility be dispelled
automatically.”
Yeah!” Xio nodded, then she raised another issue: “How do I prevent the
target from discovering the sudden opening of the carriage door while it’s
driving?”
Without waiting for Fors’s reply, she immediately pressed, “Did you record
the Door Opening Beyonder power?”
“Guess?” Fors smiled as she handed Leymano’s Travels to her friend,
telling her which pages Psychological Invisibility and Door Opening were
on.
With this in mind, Xio immediately ran amidst the shadows, chasing after
the rental carriage.
Before long, she saw her target. Her right hand immediately trembled as she
made the bronze-green notebook reveal a yellowish-brown goatskin page.
She slid her fingers gently, and Xio seemed to see countless rippling light
appear on the surface of a deep lake spread outwards.
When her vision returned to normal, she sped up and rushed to the side of
the carriage.
To ensure nothing went wrong, Xio didn’t immediately take action. With a
few wide strides, she overtook the horse.
She then turned around as though she was crossing the road. However, the
carriage driver didn’t notice her, nor did he shout out to her or rein in the
horse.
After confirming the effects of Psychological Invisibility, she sped up and
dodged the horse’s galloping and came to the side of the carriage.
After a brief observation, she flipped through Leymano’s Travels and
revealed a white page covered with strange patterns and symbols. Then, she
reached out her right hand and pressed it on the surface of the carriage.
Her figure instantly turned transparent as she appeared inside.
The woman in a black cloak was sitting diagonally opposite her as if she
was in thought, staring at the glass window where Xio stood. However, she
didn’t notice the bounty hunter who had suddenly infiltrated.
At such a close distance, even with her cloak lowered, Xio was able to see
her face clearly. Furthermore, the woman wasn’t as careful as she was while
walking outside. Her every action appeared rather casual as the hood was
only at her eyes.
Instantly, her appearance was reflected in Xio’s eyes, overlapping with a
face that still had some male characteristics. This was a Beyonder power of
a Sheriff.
Xio’s eyes widened as she couldn’t help but shout, “Sherman?”
She could foresee that the woman who often entered Viscount Stratford’s
residence was rather beautiful, but she never expected the woman to be her
friend, Sherman. He was once a young man!
A man who wasn’t considered androgynous now looked beautiful. He had
the charm of a woman!
At that moment, Xio couldn’t help but size up Sherman. She couldn’t
associate her figure with the young man she used to know with each other.
If it wasn’t for her Sheriff Beyonder powers that allowed her to confirm that
the person opposite her was Sherman, Xio definitely would’ve imagined
that she had made a mistake. And even so, she still suspected whether the
person wasn’t Sherman and was instead Sherman’s twin sister.
Upon hearing the surprised question, Sherman realized that there was
another person in the carriage at some point in time—someone familiar.
Bounty hunter, Xio Derecha!
Having already changed her name to Shermane, she was first alarmed, but
the words Trissy often mentioned instinctively appeared in her mind:
“You cannot meet people you used to know.
“Do you want your husband, your beloved to know of your former state?
“Only by completely severing your connections can you be reborn, doing so
in order to save yourself!”
Such words quickly flashed across Shermane’s mind as a terrifying thought
emerged in her thoughts:
“Kill her!”
This thought seemed to come from a demon in the abyss as it constantly
whispered in Shermane’s ear as it resonated in her heart.
“Kill her!
“Kill this person who recognized you!
“Only by doing so can you truly escape the past and not lose the present!
“Kill her!”
Shermane didn’t answer Xio.s question. Her left hand slowly clenched up
while slightly trembling.
Xio sensed the intense emotions running through the person opposite her
and confirmed that it was Sherman. Immediately, she asked in concern,
“How did you become like this?
“Where have you been all this time? Did you encounter something? Were
you hurt?”
Shermane’s lips quivered as her left fist relaxed a little. She said with a
sobbing tone, “I’ve already begun a new life.
Don’t disturb me again, alright?
“I-I don’t want to lose everything I have now. I don’t want to see people
that I knew in the past!”
The more she spoke, the faster it became. It became obvious that it was a
plea.
Xio was taken aback for a few seconds before staring at Sherman. Pursing
her lips, she said, “Okay…”
She didn’t stay any longer and reached out to open the carriage window and
jumped out.
Shermane silently watched this entire process and finally exhaled before
she slumped into her seat like she had lost all her strength.
It wasn’t easy for her to control the demon in her heart.
At this moment, she saw a figure rapidly outline itself out of thin air beside
her.
The figure wore a black, old-fashioned dress, but it didn’t diminish her
beauty and disposition. She sat there silently without a word, but it was
impossible to not look at her.
Demoness Trissy!
“Why didn’t you kill her?” Trissy asked with a smile, not revealing any
gloominess. It was as like an idle chat where she would ask what she had
drunk the previous night.
“S-she’s one of the few people who didn’t ostracized me. She even helped
me…” Shermane replied in shock before frowning. “Why are you here?”
Trissy smiled and said, “I’m protecting you.”
Without waiting for Shermane’s answer, she said, “You seemed to be in a
good mood when you came out.”
Shermane recalled what had happened and bashfully said, “Maybe, perhaps,
I have a chance of becoming a mother…” As she spoke, she touched her
stomach with her right hand, the corner of her lips couldn’t help but curl.
“I feel him k-kicking me…” Shermane suddenly froze and blurted, “How
could it be so fast?”
She wasn’t sure if she could get pregnant today!
Upon seeing her reaction, Trissy smiled even more charmingly.