Chapter 1274

The Stabilization of the Situation
On the surface of the mirror, silver words surfaced one by one amidst the
aqueous light:
“…adopt Beyonders from the Church of the God of Combat and the Feysac
military who are willing to pledge their loyalty. Only the extremely pious,
faithful, and those willing to be martyrs, as well as a few mid- and upper
echelon members of the Church are to be eliminated. This is both the
benevolence and compassion of the Goddess, as well as the necessary
measures to deal with the subsequent situation … With the apocalypse
approaching, the number of Beyonder incidents will inevitably increase all
across the world. To maintain the stability of the world, we have to do our
best to increase our strength as quickly as possible.
“If we were to cull the Beyonders of the Church of the God of Combat and
the Feysac military, obtaining their corresponding characteristics, that still
doesn’t aid us in nurturing a Beyonder of the same level within a few years.
A Beyonder with rich experience, be it in their digesting of the potion or
accumulated knowledge, requires a sufficient amount of time…”
Upon seeing this, Klein mumbled inwardly. He felt that this wasn’t the
usual tone of Arrodes. It was more like an official document.
It’s showing documents of unknown origins that it peeped at… By using
words like “digesting,” it means that both the writer and the reader have
mastered the acting method. And from the tone of the document, it’s from
the Church of Evernight… Based on these two points, it’s not difficult to
tell that these documents are for the eyes of archbishops and high-ranking
deacons. The author should be the Apostolic See from the Cathedral of
Serenity… Arrodes’s secret-prying abilities are very impressive… Klein
nodded indiscernibly as he waited for the contents in the mirror to “flip the
page.”
The silver words vanished one after another, quickly forming new sentences
and paragraphs:
“There’s no need to spread the fact that the Goddess has replaced the God
of Combat to the ordinary nobles and citizens of Feysac. This allows them
to retain their faith in the God of Combat. On the one hand, it’s beneficial
for us and the priests, bishops, and various major cathedrals who have
surrendered to us. It will stabilize the situation in Feysac in the quickest
way possible. On the other hand, it also prevents the Goddess from being
disturbed by the unresolvable problem of faith before “She” completely
gains control of the God of Combat’s authority.
“An update will be disseminated after a new revelation is given. Now, we
will only draw up the corresponding draft.
“…Try not to incite the strong resistance of Feysac and other countries.
We’ve lost too many Beyonders and soldiers, and we have expended a large
amount of resources and items. Be it the Church, the countries, or the
people of different classes, we are all very weak. We need some time of
peace and stability to recover… We should work with the Church of
Storms, the Church of Knowledge, the Church of Earth Mother, countries
like Feynapotter or Lenburg. We will force Intis and Feysac to make an
unconditional surrender. We will obtain what we hope for at the negotiation
table. During this process, we can use the purging of the stubborn old-
fashioned faithful to exert pressure on them.
“When dealing with the domestic situation and the filling of the void left
behind by the Church of Steam, the Church of Storms should be given
enough respect. We can even make concessions on certain matters. This is
the will of the Goddess.
“Finally, from this moment forth, the number of times the crimson moon
that appears in the sermons, preaching, rituals, and Masses should be
reduced. In official canon, the Goddess’s title of ‘Lady of Crimson’ shall no
longer be mentioned…”
“Lady of Crimson” shall no longer be mentioned… Klein’s brows twitched
as he felt a strong sense of confusion towards the last sentence.
Soon, he thought of the Sanguine Ancestor, the ancient god of the Second
Epoch, and the present Earth Mother, Lilith, who was once a Sequence 0 of
the Moon pathway. She was the true Lady of Crimson. In a moment of
enlightenment, he vaguely understood that this might be an exchange under
the table. It was a necessary price.
Yes… The Goddess’s attitude is very clear. That is to stabilize the situation
as quickly as possible… Before “She” truly controls the authority of Death
and that of the God of Combat, and becomes a Great Old One, “She”
undoubtedly doesn’t wish for any more orthodox deities to perish. If that
happened, the invisible barrier left behind by the Primordial One will have
no one to mend it; this will allow the Outer Deities to find an opportunity to
bring the apocalypse forward… Also, based on Loen’s present situation, if
we continue the war, the anchors will waver even more. It might lead to the
awakening of the Primordial One in the Goddess…
The Goddess took a huge risk having the frontline retreat all the way to
Backlund. “She” had to divert more strength to suppress the Primordial
One. If Earth Mother betrayed “Her,” “She” might’ve perished even faster
than the God of Combat. Uh, could “She” have other trump cards?
The losses that the Church of the Evernight Goddess and the Church of
Storms suffered seems quite significant. It’s no wonder that after the
Resistance announced that they would retain the corresponding cathedrals
and respect the Storm religion, that bunch of irascible fellows didn’t attempt
to retaliate, and they silently agreed to the establishment of the new
government… Klein mumbled to himself as he had a rough idea of the
current situation.
He asked a third question:
“If the Evernight Goddess wants to advance further, does ‘She’ need to find
the River of Eternal Darkness?”
This was one of the nine sefirot. Klein remembered Arrodes mentioning it
once, saying that this “river” was related to the ancient Death, the Phoenix
ancestor, Gregrace. The clues seemed to be hidden deep in the spirit world’s
Calderón City.
“Yes, Great Master.” The silver words twisted and distorted, forming new
text. “The Death at the end of the Fourth Epoch should’ve been able to use
the River of Eternal Darkness. ‘He’ attempted to use this sefirah to
forcefully accommodate the Uniqueness of neighboring pathways. Then,
‘He’ went mad.”
So that was how Death went mad back then. I knew it; a Sequence 0 true
god, one who has lived for three Epochs and has seen the Blasphemy Slate,
wouldn’t lack common sense and randomly drink potions. It’s not like “He”
is Alista Tudor, having reached a point of only having the options of
madness or death… It’s no wonder Death challenged the fractured seven
deities with just a Primordial Demoness. Back then, “He” was equivalent to
half a Great Old One… Yes, Mr. Azik had a golden phoenix accessory that
came from Death… Klein strung up certain matters.
Suddenly, he inwardly let out an exclamation. He suspected that the price of
so many bestowments was the River of Eternal Darkness.
Just like how the True Creator had repeatedly tolerated him so as to force
him into the Giant King’s residence to obtain the first Blasphemy Slate!
As the owner of Sefirah Castle, he was probably the only relatively high
Sequence Beyonder who could resist the corruption of other sefirot.
Of course, the Evernight Goddess could also wait up to a decade or so.
After the Primordial One’s will faded further, “She” could personally
retrieve it. However, this way, Klein wasn’t sure if “She” could complete
the ritual before the apocalypse happened.
He composed himself and raised the fourth question:
“Where can I get the potion formula for Attendant of Mysteries?”
Arrodes made the silver words reassemble into brand new content:
“Zaratul; first Blasphemy Slate; second Blasphemy Slate; The Card of
Blasphemy, The Fool; The Fool Uniqueness that has become a Mythical
Creature.”
The first choice and second choice might be plotting against me… Zaratul
is even more terrifying and cunning than the Dark Demonic Wolf. If I were
to plot against “Him,” there’s a high chance of me falling into “His” trap.
The danger is extremely high… The third choice is Amon’s brother. “He”
should’ve used this war to become a Visionary. If I were to provoke “Him,”
Sefirah Castle might not be able to save me… The fourth and fifth options
are related to The Half-Fool of the Antigonus family. It’s related to the
Goddess’s foggy town. Uh, the Goddess should have a way to circle around
The Half-Fool and extract the Card of Blasphemy, but perhaps I’ll need to
use the River of Eternal Darkness to exchange for it… Klein realized that
he had reached a dead end.
The path ahead was the River of Eternal Darkness, and behind him was the
leader of the Secret Order, Zaratul.
Unfortunately, if I can find the Dark Demonic Wolf, I can try to negotiate
with “Him.” “He” should’ve seen the first Blasphemy Slate and grasp the
potion formula of Attendant of Mysteries… Sigh, “He” will flee far away
once he smells me… Klein thought for a moment and said to Arrodes,
“Fifth question, what did you mean when you said you saw a pillar and
support from me?”
The aqueous light in the mirror swirled slightly as the deepness became
more obvious. The corresponding silver text seemed to turn a little whiter.
“Great Master, this is a feeling that I can’t describe using words.
“However, I’ve experienced similar feelings in another existence before.
Apart from ‘Him,’ only you possess it. That existence is the ancient sun
god.”
The ancient sun god… Klein nodded in thought.
“Alright, it’s your turn to ask.”
On the surface of the mirror, the words on the silver screen suddenly turned
golden:
“Supreme Master, do you think you can take away your loyal and humble
servant, Arrodes?
“Supreme Master, do you think you can take away your loyal and humble
servant, Arrodes?”
…
This question appeared five times in a row, completely covering the surface
of the mirror.
Having become an angel, Klein no longer feared Arrodes. After thinking for
a few seconds, he smiled and said, “Let me talk to that angel. This is basic
courtesy.”
With a boom, illusory beams of different colors spewed out from the mirror
and exploded into fireworks in the carriage.
Almost at the same time, two dark rays of light reached out from the edge
of the mirror. Two arms that appeared surreal grew out.
The two “arms” originally wanted to reach out to Klein’s calf, but they
silently shrank back and gently swayed on the spot.
“Praise the Supreme Master!” After the fireworks fell, a golden message
appeared in the mirror.
…
In the middle section of the steam locomotive, in a simple room.
A tall and handsome young man with long chestnut hair sat on a hardwood
chair. Facing the triangular Sacred Emblem, he clasped his hands and
closed his eyes as he sincerely prayed.
On the side of the narrow table was a mannequin made of metal
components. Behind the mannequin was a faint meshed glow.
Suddenly, the young man opened his eyes and looked towards the other
side.
Someone had appeared there.
And in the young man’s blue eyes, the figure only looked like a person. In
essence, it was an invisible vortex wearing a silk top hat and a black trench
coat. Inside the vortex, there were transparent and distorted maggots
squirming about in the cluster.
“Gehrman Sparrow.” The young man calmly read out a name.
All the items around him floated up, but there was no wind in the room.
Klein pressed his top hat and revealed his human face.
“How may I address you?”
The young man nodded slightly and said, “Bornova Gustav.”