Chapter 1415

: In Modern Day 13
I raise my head subconsciously and glance to the side.
This instantly makes me feel a little uncomfortable.
This isn’t because the other party is a gorgeous beauty, but because she’s
CEO Huang’s daughter.
Miss Bernie Huang!
This lady’s eyebrows are straight, her nose high, and she wears a pair of
blue-tint colored contacts. Together with her slightly curled hair that she
dyed a chestnut color, she has a level of beauty belonging to foreigners.
Seeing her look at me, I instinctively open my mouth to greet her.
Miss Huang?
No, that might bring about negative connotations…
My lady, Miss Huang?
It’s too exaggerated, just like a brainless idol drama…
Madam Huang?
This clearly doesn’t suit a young girl. She’ll get angry…
Teacher Huang?
She’s still a student…
As my thoughts run through my mind, the young lady, Miss Bernie Huang,
nods at me.
“Hello.”
“Hello,” I respond reflexively, using an honorific greeting.
“Is my dad in the office?” Miss Huang asks softly.
“Oh, sorry. I don’t know. I just came back from some work outside. I
haven’t stepped into the office yet,” I answer honestly.
Miss Huang nods slightly and doesn’t say anything else because the lift
we’re waiting for has already reached the first floor.
As the lift moves up, I try my best to find a topic to prevent the situation
from being awkward, but I don’t dare to strike up a random conversation.
CEO Huang treasures his daughter very much. If I were to offend her by
saying something wrong, I might be fired today!
“Zhou…” At this moment, Miss Huang turns to look at me and says
hesitantly, as if she’s trying to recall my name.
“Zhou Mingrui.” I hurriedly say my name.
Although Miss Huang often comes to the office to help her mother check on
her father, I believe that she definitely doesn’t know a mere employee like
me. To be able to have a slight impression of my surname means that her
memory is beyond imagination.
“Mr. Zhou, I have something I need your help on.” Miss Huang asks
politely.
“No problem. As long as I can do it!” I reply without hesitation.
As long as Miss Huang is satisfied, a promotion and a pay raise would not
be too far away.
As we speak, we exit the elevator and enter the company.
“Help me translate a batch of documents for me.” Bernie Huang walks in
her leather boots as she says.
“Translate… What language is it?” I ask hurriedly.
“Cursive script,” Miss Huang replies simply.
Cursive script… I haven’t learned that before… Just as I’m about to answer,
Miss Huang suddenly picks up her pace.
We have already arrived outside CEO Huang’s office.
This lady doesn’t give CEO Huang any face at all. She walks past the
female secretary that is stationed outside, nimbly reaching out her hand and
pushing open the door gently.
Let’s hope that CEO Huang isn’t spreading his love early in the morning…
I silently pray in my heart before taking an indiscernible step to the side in
case I get embroiled in CEO Huang’s family matters.
Of course, I’m not that nervous either. After all, CEO Huang is experienced.
If he were to do any sordid deeds in the office, he would definitely lock the
door from the inside.
As expected, there’s no one in the office.
“CEO Huang is at a meeting.” The female secretary stands up nervously
and tells Miss Huang.
“I’ll wait for him inside.” Miss Huang nods and walks into the room.
One step later, she turns her head and says, “Mr. Zhou, please come in.”
“Alright.” I walk over and quickly say, “I don’t have much knowledge
about cursive script.”
“Take a look first.” Miss Huang stops by the door and says.
When I enter, she casually closes the door.
Then, she flips her sling bag and takes out a stack of paper.
“Try and see if you can read it. If possible, read it to me.”
“Okay.” I take the stack of papers from her.
“…” My whole body turns stiff from that cursory look.
If I’m not wrong, the cursive script on the paper is from CEO Huang!
I’ve seen the comments he had written on documents on several occasions!
Th-this is CEO Huang’s diary? Damn, don’t tell me he writes down every
affair? Which decent person writes a diary! I can’t help but sweat.
If I read it, I offend CEO Huang.
If I don’t read it, I offend Miss Huang.
What does it mean to be in a dilemma? This is what it means to be in a
dilemma!
Wait, I don’t know cursive script. Haha, I can’t read it! Although I can
barely make out what CEO Huang has written, I really don’t know any
cursive script! I immediately open my mouth.
“M-Miss Huang, I can’t…”
Before I finish, the office door is pushed open.
Thud!
CEO Huang rushes in and he scans the both of us with his widened eyes.
He retracts his gaze from the gap between me and Miss Huang, and he
smiles.
“Bebe, why didn’t you give me a call? I could’ve gone down to bring you
up.”
“I’m already of age.” Miss Huang glances at me from the corner of her eye.
“I’m just making a request to Mr. Zhou for his help.”
I Immediately understand her intention. Secretly, I pull the documents
behind my back.
“Call him Uncle Zhou!” CEO Huang smiles as he emphasizes. Then, he
turns his head to look at me. “You may leave. I’ll holler if there’s anything.”
“Okay.” I use this opportunity to leave the office and return to my seat,
where I hide the papers.
Before I can switch on the computer, Rozanne leans in and says with a
suppressed voice, “You’re finished.”
“Ah?” I stare blankly.
“Don’t you know that CEO Huang dotes on his daughter to the point of
having an obsession? He hates seeing other men get close to his daughter
the most. During Miss Huang’s past few visits, the men who took the
initiative to offer their help have either ‘quit’ or transferred to a branch
company at a Tier 3 city,” Rozanne said with a chuckle.
“…It can’t be. I was just in proximity to her. I mainly did so because I
wanted to please CEO Huang.” I grit my teeth from hearing that.
“Tsk, don’t you know what kind of man CEO Huang is? In his eyes, all men
are the same as him. If one has money, they’ll definitely be playing around,
loving everyone they see—no, making love to everyone they see. If one
doesn’t have money, then they’ll seduce the rich and beautiful lady, take up
the post of CEO, and elevate themselves to the peak point of life. Therefore,
in the eyes of men like you, Miss Huang is the most tempting of prey,”
Rozanne said half-jokingly.
“It’s just that… It’s just that Miss Huang asked me for help. I wasn’t
playing around at all!” I feel wronged.
“You really weren’t playing around?” Rozanne casually asks.
“Of course.” I immediately raise my fingers in an oath. “Think about it. To
develop and maintain a relationship, you’ll need about two to three hours a
day, right? If it’s two relationships, it’ll take four to five hours. There are
seven hours for sleep every night, an hour’s nap in the afternoon, nine hours
of work, and three meals which add up to an hour. That’s already 18 hours,
leaving only six hours left in a day. If I were playing around and tried to
two-time, I wouldn’t have the time to play games, watch videos, or read
novels! How tiring, how boring!”
“Makes sense…” Rozanne slowly nods before saying with a smile, “Right
now, you need a book on time management.”
Before I can answer, she continues, “But how does CEO Huang manage to
‘N-time’ so many women?”
“He’s different. If it’s just one partner, then he might take one hour out of
his two-to three-day schedule to maintain the relationship,” I answer
thoughtfully.
Rozanne tersely acknowledges.
“That’s right. CEO Huang is different from us. He’s handsome and rich…”
“Sigh.” Rozanne and I sigh at the same time.
Rozanne, who’s quite the gossipmonger, suddenly shrinks back.
“Old Ai is here, I’ll be returning to my seat first.”
Just as Rozanne leaves, CEO Huang’s person-in-charge, the corporate
office’s Director Ai appears and stops in front of me.
He’s already old. His hair is completely white, and his face is pale.
“Send everything you need to claim today to finance. You don’t have to
receive Mr. Zaratulstra anymore,” Old Ai says to me as I hurriedly stand up.
…No way… They’re firing me already? I’m going to get a month’s
severance pay? I’m momentarily stunned.
Old Ai passes me a document and continues,
“Liaise with the members involved in this project. It’s a project the
company is working on with the police.”
Oh… The turn of events is too sudden that I don’t know how to respond.
Realizing that I don’t have to ride with Rosago tomorrow, I have the
baffling feeling that it might not be a bad idea.