Chapter 867

: Investigation Mission
When looking at Cattleya, Klein had actually guessed what her request
would be as he sighed and felt confident.
How did Mr. Fool know that I’ll be asking a question and not making a
request… As expected of Mr. Fool… Cattleya thought before politely
asking, “Honorable Mr. Fool, I would like to know the meaning of these
two symbols.”
After receiving permission, she conjured the Chinese characters. They were
“Gu” and “Xiang.”
As expected… Klein sighed silently.
“When combined together, they mean home, the homeland for one’s soul.”
When combined together… the homeland for one’s soul… Cattleya placed
the emphasis on the second sentence because she knew very well where
home was for Queen Mystic, nor did she believe that it was anything
special.
Audrey, Alger, and the other Tarot Club members took the opportunity to
learn the new Roselle text and tried hard to memorize the symbols and their
combined meaning—except Derrick.
Klein didn’t speak further as he leaned back into his chair.
“You may begin.”
Alger immediately turned his head and looked at The World.
“Your mystical item is ready. I’ll give it to you this week.”
He was referring to the mystical item made from an Ocean Songster’s
Beyonder characteristic.
The Artisan had first rushed to finish Miss Justice’s glove. As for The
World’s request, it had been delayed until this week.
With Mr. Azik not replying yet, and with me unable to restore the seal on
Creeping Hunger, this mystical item’s arrival is timely… Klein controlled
The World and made him nod.
“That’s still an acceptable speed.”
An acceptable speed… If I had delayed it for another two to three weeks or
even a year, would you be teleporting to me? Alger thought with a baffling
sense of wariness.
As his original plan was to obtain the Cataclysmic Interrer potion from the
Church, and with him just beginning to digest the Ocean Songster potion,
he wasn’t looking to purchase any corresponding Beyonder ingredients. He
fell silent again and began watching the other members begin their
transactions.
To Alger, the most important thing now was to obtain one or two mystical
items to match with Whip of Mind. After all, although mystical items were
more about quality than quantity, with the need to avoid having the negative
effects stacking with each other, to only have one mystical item for a
Sequence 5 Beyonder was quite an embarrassment.
Under normal circumstances, Sequence 5 Beyonders would have two or
three mystical items whose negative effects didn’t overlap, making them the
best combination.
Of course, Alger had already reserved one. Once the Artisan finished The
World’s item, it would be his six-winged gargoyle’s core crystal.
For that, he needed to pay 1,000 pounds. Together with the fee he needed to
pay for The World, the little amount of money he had was reduced by 2,000
pounds, leaving him with 1,800 pounds. Out of that, 500 pounds was a
commission he had earned from Miss Justice’s glove.
With no one speaking, Emlyn looked at The Sun and asked after some
deliberation, “I need a Sequence 5’s artificial Vampire’s Beyonder
characteristic. What do you wish to get in exchange?”
In recent times, he had learned that the Sanguine had the means to eliminate
the mental corruption of a Beyonder characteristic, but he needed to make
sufficient contributions to make an application.
Therefore, Emlyn wished to first obtain the main ingredient needed for
advancement before considering the other problems.
Based on his observations, such a Sequence 5 artificial Vampire Beyonder
characteristic roughly cost 8,000 pounds based on Mr. World’s pricing. As
for himself, he only had 5,400 pounds and was still a little short.
Based on Emlyn’s original thoughts and habits, he needed to save up 8,000
pounds before requesting a trade with The Sun. He wasn’t a Sanguine who
liked to buy things on credit, even for the newest and best doll. Nor could
he thicken his skin to borrow from others. All he would do is be more
frugal, work harder, and save up more. However, he quickly realized
something. The Sun didn’t accept cash. To the residents of the City of
Silver, Loen’s cash was no different from scrap paper.
Therefore, Emlyn believed that The Sun would make a request for an item,
so it was better to learn of it to prepare it ahead of time.
Furthermore, The Sun doesn’t understand the market prices. Perhaps the
thing he wants only costs 5,000 pounds… In the hopes of being pleasantly
surprised, Emlyn lifted his chin slightly and looked at The Sun beside him.
Derrick thought seriously and said, “Uh… Sun pathway’s Sequence 5
potion formula.”
He originally wished to request him to repay his debt with Mr. World, but
he realized that Mr. World hadn’t raised any requests at all. Hence, he didn’t
find it appropriate to relegate it to someone else.
In addition, having participated in so many Tarot Gatherings, Derrick was
no longer the newcomer who knew nothing. With the City of Silver having
an exchange standard, he knew the difference between a Sequence 6 Notary
potion formula and a Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristic very well. Using
the former to cover the debt of the latter would be a terrible deal; therefore,
he changed his request to the Sequence 5 potion formula.
Sequence 5 potion formula. That’s very difficult to purchase. It will cost
between 4,500 to 7,000 pounds. It will mainly depend on how urgent both
parties are. Also, there’s a cost to verifying its authenticity too… Emlyn
was just about to answer when he heard Mr. World’s hoarse voice sound:
“I have it.”
Instantly, the palace that looked like a giant’s residence fell silent. All the
Tarot Club members appeared a little wooden.
Is Sequence 5 that common?… Emlyn felt down when he realized that he
still wasn’t at Sequence 5 yet. After calming down, he asked, “How much
will it cost?”
Considering Emlyn White’s financial situation, Klein made The World
chortle deeply.
“5,000 pounds. Priest of Light potion formula.”
5,000 pounds? Emlyn was first taken aback before he said without
hesitation, “Deal!”
It was like he was facing a discount for a doll he had been longing for.
“Alright.” The World nodded as though it wasn’t a major transaction.
Then, he saw Miss Justice look around and hear her say, “I’d like to
commission an investigation mission.”
Investigation mission… The Fool Klein’s heart skipped a beat as The
World’s expression turned somewhat sluggish.
“What is it?” Fors asked proactively.
Her impression of Miss Justice’s commissions was that they were relatively
simple while paying handsomely. She definitely needed to take it!
Audrey organized her words and said, “There have been two matters that
happened in Backlund recently. One is Baron Syndras. He was suspected to
have been framed. The other is Member of Parliament Macht being
assaulted because of the environmental measures…”
Fors found Miss Justice’s description especially familiar because she had
been present for the two matters. She had witnessed them and was involved
in them!
She unknowingly straightened her back, waiting for Miss Justice to
continue.
“And in these two matters, there is a tycoon named Dwayne Dantès
involved. He came to Backlund two months ago, and he had donated more
than ten thousand pounds of shares to the Church of Evernight in an attempt
to establish a bursary foundation that targets the poor,” Audrey described
using a tone as though she had never directly interacted with him and was
simply suspecting something about him from the data and rumors she had
received. “I wish to hire someone to investigate the actual situation with
that gentleman.”
I know! I know! I know this too well! He’s rather rich and he looks pretty
good. He handles matters with experience and in a mature manner. He’s
someone with kidney or bladder problems… Fors nearly raised her hand to
shout out her thoughts.
If Miss Justice wasn’t pleased with that, she had even more information,
such as Dwayne Dantès was in a rather pitiful state. His butler studied black
magic, his servant worshiped Death, and one of his neighbors was a
Beyonder. There was a secret to his street and that he had donated the
shares to extricate himself from trouble!
In short, he perfectly fits the image of a foreigner who is being bullied. I
nearly recommended him a medicine that treats kidney and bladder
problems. After all, Mr. Moon is skilled in such matters. I can still earn a
commission through this… Yes, there’s no rush. Let’s hear what Miss
Justice has to offer… Fors curbed her heart which was awash with
excitement as she patiently looked at the girl beside her.
However, her body language and emotional upheavals had betrayed her in
front of a Spectator. Audrey was rather surprised and puzzled by this. She
never expected Fors to know Dwayne Dantès and seem to know quite a lot
about him.
This made her have a new guess as to why Dwayne Dantès was shocked
when he saw her. She suspected if Fors had once said or shown something
to the man.
Meanwhile, Emlyn was a blank. He knew nothing about what Miss Justice
had mentioned. All he could do was confirm that these happened in
Backlund. As for The Fool Klein, who was leaning back in his chair,
leisurely looking at the members, he nearly twitched the corners of his
mouth.
Miss Justice’s commissioning of others to investigate Dwayne Dantès had
exceeded his expectations. This was because they had only met once at the
charity party. They didn’t seem to have any deeper interactions, so there
was no need for any further investigations!
Could it be that I exposed something about myself that garnered Miss
Justice’s interest? Or could it be that by donating 10,000 pounds, it shows
how much importance Earl Hall places on this; hence, Miss Justice decided
to secretly carry out investigations because she’s worried for her father?
Klein’s mind raced as he hurriedly thought of a solution.
At this moment, Audrey deliberated for a moment and looked at Miss
Magician and said, “An initial investigation for 500 pounds. If you
encounter danger, causing the difficulty to rise, I’ll compensate you with
more.”
No problem! Fors hurriedly organized her words inwardly.
Just as she was about to say something, she saw The World Gehrman
Sparrow raise his hand.
He had raised his hand.