Chapter 436

: Klein’s Request
Seeing the white foam of the Southville beer being placed in front of
Sherlock Moriarty, Carlson finally came to his senses.
It was only when the bartender was a certain distance away from them did
he ask in a suppressed voice, “What do you want?”
Klein picked up his glass and took a sip. He took a few seconds to savor the
bitter taste of the malt and the faint sweetness from it.
“Cheers!” He looked sideways at Carlson and smiled before raising his
glass.
Without hesitation, Carlson shook his head and refused the offer, mumbling,
“You have beer, while I have strong distilled liquor. It’s not suitable for a
toast.”
Klein was only going through the motions, so he once again took a sip of
his Southville beer, looked straight ahead, and chuckled.
“What I want is very simple.
“I’m not sure what’s inside the tomb, so I can only describe it rather
vaguely… Well, I hope that I can choose an item from the spoils of your
tomb exploration. I’m not greedy, and my request will not involve high
Sequence items. I wouldn’t dare to take it even if they were one of the
options.
“If you find nothing or there are only high Sequence items, then I don’t
want anything. Of course, I believe that when the latter happens, you
wouldn’t be stingy with giving me a sum of cash that’s consistent with my
contribution.”
After hearing about the Amon family’s tomb from Miss Sharron yesterday,
he had came up with rough plans.
The first plan was to blow the copper whistle, contact Mr. Azik, and join
forces to explore the tomb.
However, there were many potential problems with this plan. Firstly, he was
unsure of the amount of strength Azik, who was still in the midst of finding
his lost memories, had regained. Secondly, Azik was being pursued by MI9,
so it was very easy for him and Azik to land in trouble. Thirdly, there was a
high chance that Klein would end up reappearing in the sights of Sealed
Artifact 0-08 once again. Of course, he could also consider using the help of
the gray fog to make contact or embark on the expedition. However,
blowing the copper whistle above the gray fog made it impossible to
summon the messenger; therefore, ending all of his subsequent plans.
More importantly, Klein didn’t dare to reveal the secret of the space above
the fog to Azik Eggers whose identity remained a mystery.
Therefore, he finally chose the second method, which was to use his
identity as an informant to submit the information to the Machinery
Hivemind and ask for a reasonable reward.
When it came to the number of High-Sequence Beyonders, which faction
could have more than the seven Churches?
According to what Klein knew, there were close to ten High-Sequence
Beyonders in the Church of the Evernight Goddess. In other words, nearly
half of the thirteen archbishops and nine high-ranking deacons had reached
or surpassed Sequence 4. This wasn’t considering the adorer of the
Goddess, the Pope who helmed the Church.
Even if the situation regarding the Church of the God of Steam and
Machinery was inferior in this aspect, it couldn’t be that inferior. Their
archbishop of the Backlund diocese, Horamick Haydn, was a High-
Sequence Beyonder.
And as such, for an orthodox church, with all its resources accumulated to
date, it wouldn’t value the Mid-Sequence items very, very, very much.
Klein believed that he could negotiate a reasonable “price.”
Simply put, the core element of the second plan was: find an organization
for any difficulties!
Upon hearing Klein’s offer, Carlson paused for a second, then blurted out,
“Aren’t you a believer in God?”
I’ve always had the Goddess in my heart… Klein drew a triangular Sacred
Emblem on his chest.
“It is because of my belief in God that I’ve told you this information, not to
the Nighthawks through Mr. Stanton.
“God said to let those who wish to be strong, be strong. Only by becoming
stronger and having more money can I have more access to different
channels and resources, and thus provide you with better and more effective
information.”
In order to convince the Machinery Hivemind, he had specifically spent the
morning reading through the “Steam and Machinery Bible” that he had
bought earlier. He then found a few sentences from the deity that met his
requirements and memorized them.
Carlson was momentarily unable to provide a rejoinder. He just sat there,
stunned, to the point of forgetting to drink.
Seeing this, Klein quickly added, “Moreover, this will help you establish a
harmonious and efficient relationship with new-generation informants. As
long as you spread the news of the rewards I receive as a result of this, as
well as keeping your promise without going back on your word, then I
believe that the other informants will be deeply moved and be greatly
motivated to do their best to gather useful information for you.
“Of course, I wish that you use my pseudonym when advertising this.”
Carlson listened with a blank face, picked up his glass, and gulped down a
mouthful. He almost choked.
“Cough. Sherlock, the real you is completely different from what I
remember about you from before.” He sighed.
The Detective Sherlock Moriarty in his memories was good at analysis and
reasoning, he was extremely calm and polite, and, with a great sense of
justice, had offered very effective advice. He was an outstanding believer in
God.
Yet now, he was…
Klein took a sip of his beer and chuckled.
“Everyone has their different sides. Using a single facade to face everything
is prone to error. This is a problem you have to pay attention to when
making deductions.”
After calming down for a moment, Carlson stood up and said, “I have no
right to agree to such a request. I will report it immediately, so wait here for
a while.”
“Alright.” Klein waved to the bartender and added a serving of potato
wedges.
By the time he leisurely finished his food and beer, Carlson returned to the
bar with the deacon of the Machinery Hivemind, Ikanser Bernard.
Ikanser looked around, and seeing that there was no one around, he said in a
deep voice, “There’s no problem with your request, but there’s one
condition to add on—items with strong side effects and curses are not
among the items available for selection.”
What I want is an ingredient… Klein immediately laughed.
“Alright!
“Dare I ask again if is this your personal decision or the response from the
higher-ups?”
“I have the right to make such a decision.” Ikanser used his hat to press
down on his fluffy hair. “But since it concerns an aristocratic tomb from the
Fourth Epoch, I had sent a telegram to the archbishop, and he didn’t object
to it in his reply.”
“Alright.” Klein drew another triangular Sacred Emblem on his chest. “I’ll
give you the information now.”
Ikanser shook his head subconsciously.
He looked around and pointed to a billiard room.
“Let’s talk inside.”
This deacon, who is always publicly placed on trial by the mirror called
Arrodes, is quite experienced… Klein murmured and followed Ikanser and
Carlson into the billiard room while making sure that the adjacent rooms
were empty.
Klein paused for a few seconds and said with some deliberation, “The thing
is, there was a Beyonder who found a hidden tomb at the mouth of the
Stratford River in White Cliff Town. He searched the periphery and found
some items.
“After that, they recruited people and did further explorations, but no one
returned. If you search carefully over there, you will definitely find the
corresponding traces.”
After listening carefully, Ikanser asked, “Are you sure it’s an aristocratic
tomb from the Fourth Epoch?”
“The items on the outside can prove that they’re members of the Tudor
Dynasty’s Amon family,” Klein answered truthfully. He then warned him,
“The Beyonders who died in there weren’t weak at all, and there were quite
a few of them. I believe that this tomb isn’t something that can be explored
by those below High-Sequence Beyonders.”
“Amon…” Ikanser frowned instinctively.
It could be seen that, as a deacon, he had the authority to know some
ancient secret history.
Without waiting for Klein to emphasize it again, he looked up and said,
“We will collect the relevant information first before we act.”
“A Fourth Epoch aristocratic tomb is very dangerous. Don’t tell this
information to anyone else, or explore it yourself. Otherwise, you and your
friends will only lose their lives.”
If I dared, I wouldn’t be sitting here… Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh
and said, “My reputation has always been good.”
After making the deal, he watched Ikanser and Carlson leave before putting
on his hat and sauntering out of Lucky Bar.
Towards the nobles of the Fourth Epoch, as well as the Amon family, the
Machinery Hivemind will still be very cautious. They’ll have to have at
least several days of preparing before they take action… Prudence…
Klein’s random thoughts froze on a single word.
He thought of another thing that could be described as being prudent.
After Roselle had joined the ancient organization suspected of being the
Twilight Hermit Order, he had actually never mentioned its name in his own
secret diary which was written in Chinese. Each time, he would refer to it
by referring to it with the appropriate characteristics.
This level of prudence was a very suspicious phenomenon!
Why didn’t Emperor Roselle dare to mention the name of that organization,
even when it’s written in Chinese? This is completely different from the style
of writing where he dared to write anything in his diary… What was he
afraid of, or what was he worried about? Could it be that as long as he said
or wrote down the name of the Twilight Hermit Order, then they would be
made aware of it it no matter which language he used? Does one of their
members or a Sealed Artifact they possess have such abilities? A guess
popped up in Klein’s mind, but there was no way to confirm it unless he
was willing to take the risk.
I’ll first assume it’s true and that I haven’t been perceived by them, because
the channeling of the Desire Apostle’s spirit had been done above the gray
fog. Informing Miss Justice of it was also done in response to a prayer
using the gray fog… Well, it’s almost Monday, and I have to remind Miss
Justice at the Tarot Club not to say or write down the name “Twilight
Hermit Order.” As for the reason, she can understand it by herself with me
simply giving her a look… Klein quickly made his next arrangements and
strode out of Lucky Bar.
Seeing that it was still early, he took a horse carriage to the Quelaag Club,
intending to spend the afternoon there.
As soon as he entered the hall, he saw the equestrian teacher, Talim
Dumont.
This descendant of blue-blood was seated in a corner, holding a glass of
scarlet grape wine. His face was rosy, and he was sipping it in high spirits.
“You seem to be in a good mood, Talim,” Klein smiled and greeted him.
Talim chuckled and said, “Because the new year is coming.”
Then, rather excitedly, he asked, “Sherlock, do you know what it’s like to
really like someone?”
“…” Klein showed a fake smile.
“I’m sorry, I’m still single.”
Talim finished the rest of his wine, stood up, waved his hand, and said,
“That’s a pity. Well, I have to get busy.”
“By the way, thank you for introducing Mr. Framis Cage,” Klein recalled
the investment of the bike project and sincerely expressed his gratitude.
“When are you free these days? I’d like to get you to bring me around to
sample some of Backlund’s delicacies.”
“After the new year.” Talim put on his hat and walked with a smile to the
reception hall.
Has this fellow entered the season of love? Klein couldn’t help but mutter.
Just as he turned around and took a few steps, he suddenly heard a heavy
thud.
Klein jerked his head back and saw Talim Dumont on the ground, his left
hand clamped tightly at his chest where his heart was. His body was
convulsing nonstop.
This… Klein hurried over.
But at this moment, Talim had already spat out all of the white foam on his
mouth, losing his last breath of life.
In just a few seconds, he had turned into a dead corpse.