Chapter 1369

: Pom
After weighing the bird-shaped, golden accessory in his hand, Klein quickly
returned to the real world. He casually picked an empty plot of land and set
up an altar to hold a sacrificial ritual.
With regards to the other secrets hidden in Calderón City, as well as the
loitering figures around the River of Eternal Darkness, he temporarily
didn’t have any thoughts of starting a deeper exploration of it. This was
because he still had more important matters to prepare for. He also had a
key question to ask the Evernight Goddess.
Soon, he held the ritual and allowed the candlelight and spirituality
materials to fuse together, forming a Door of Sacrifice and Bestowment.
Without any hesitation, Klein placed the bird-shaped, golden accessory into
the wind, allowing it to slowly pass through the mysterious door and vanish
into the endless darkness.
In the next second, he sharply noticed that he had been dragged into a
dream.
In the center of the dreamscape was a gothic palace that seemed to blend
with the darkness around it. Its details were exquisite, its color dim, but it
was still gorgeous.
Klein passed through bushes of night vanilla and slumber flowers before
stepping into the palace.
In the deepest part of the hall, the Evernight Goddess was sitting on an
ancient high-back chair. “She” was still wearing the layered black dress that
didn’t seem complicated.
The sparkling spots on the dress reflected the dome and the walls, and the
pillars of the palace created a quiet and dreamy starry sky.
The Evernight Goddess, whose face seemed to be covered in layers of
fishnet veils, held the bird-shaped, golden accessory and slowly stood up.
“She” walked down the stairs to Klein.
“Her” voice sounded, sounding like a lullaby:
“What do you have to ask?”
Klein politely took off his top hat and bowed slightly.
“I want to know if the grayish-white fog that envelops the River of Eternal
Darkness has something to do with that Lord of the Mysteries.”
That was also the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.
Although he couldn’t see the Evernight Goddess’s face clearly, Klein felt
like “She” was smiling when he looked straight at “Her.”
“Yes. Furthermore, not only is the River of Eternal Darkness enveloped by
the grayish-white fog, but the city behind Bansy Harbor, and the entire
Western Continent is enveloped by the same grayish-white fog.”
Klein hesitated for a moment before saying, “This is a kind of seal?”
The Evernight Goddess’s dream projection nodded.
“That’s right. Apart from Sefirah Castle and the Chaos Sea, all the other
sefirot were sealed in the Western Continent by that mysterious Lord of the
Mysteries.
River of Eternal Darkness, Brood Hive, City of Calamity, Tenebrous World,
Nation of Disorder, Knowledge Moor, and Key of Light have all been
sealed in the Western Continent by the Celestial Worthy? Isn’t this too
much? What pomp… It’s no wonder that the city behind Bansy Harbor’s
door is like the former Shanghai… This is the City of Calamity affecting
that city in the real world, as well as Bansy. Then, to a certain extent, it has
caused certain changes? Klein was enlightened and amazed.
Back when he saw the scene behind the door in Bansy, he had suspected
that it had something to do with the Western Continent. Furthermore,
according to the clue that Bansy was the headquarters of Red Angel
Medici’s family, he suspected that behind the door was the reflection of the
sefirah, the City of Calamity.
After a moment of silence, Klein didn’t conceal his feelings. He sighed and
said, “The power of that Lord of the Mysteries far exceeds my
imagination…
“How could such a Great Old One, who is known as one the pillars of the
universe, silently perish?”
The Evernight Goddess’s dream projection shook “Her” head.
“It wasn’t silent.
“From the clues that were available, ‘He’ died together with the God
Almighty of ancient times.
“That God Almighty’s corpse formed the first Blasphemy Slate in the Chaos
Sea. And beside it was the Uniqueness of the Marauder pathway.”
In other words, in the middle of the First Epoch, the Lord of the Mysteries
and God Almighty had a battle that was abnormally intense but didn’t cause
much of a stir. In the end, both perished? This can explain why the ancient
sun god had the Uniqueness or a Grazed Uniqueness of the Marauder
pathway when “He” walked out of the Chaos Sea. It was ripped off by the
ancient God Almighty from the Lord of the Mysteries… Amidst his
thoughts, Klein asked in puzzlement, “Why would ‘They’ want to kill each
other? ‘They’ are both pillars and aren’t from similar pathways. There
shouldn’t be any life-and-death conflicts that cannot be resolved.”
The Evernight Goddess’s dream projection said gently, “Convergence is an
instinct.
“The higher the level, the stronger the instinct.
“That Lord of the Mysteries and God Almighty of ancient times were
unable to restrain themselves from converging together, becoming the
embodiment of the entire Universe, which is also the innate instinct of the
original Creator.”
The crazier one becomes the stronger they become? And beyond cunning,
powerful, terrifying, and filled with wisdom, there’s such a side to the
Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings? Klein thought for a
moment and said, “That Lord of the Mysteries and God Almighty of ancient
times, are, in essence, different sides of the original Creator?”
The Evernight Goddess’s dream projection said in a comforting voice,
“Using the same existence but different personas as an analogy will be more
accurate.
“The original Creator was the maker of the Universe, and also its destroyer.
It is both day and also night. It’s the light of holiness, and also the decadent
abyss. It is an amalgamation of all contradicting concepts and symbolism.
“That’s why ‘He’ naturally has a tendency to be dissociative in a way that
cannot be controlled. Once ‘He’ splits, there will be a strong trend towards
convergence.
“In a time more ancient than the era we lived in our past lives, the original
sleeping Creator had naturally split into multiple personas. They were also
in a state of slumber, but they began to use the authority and Beyonder
characteristics they controlled to influence the world, making many
preparations for the true dissociation when the original Creator awakened.
“Here, the most powerful and active ones were God Almighty and the Lord
of the Mysteries. The latter had another honorific name in the Western
Continent.
“In the early-mid stages of the First Epoch, ‘They’ should’ve used different
methods to grasp the additional sefirot. This made ‘Their’ inclination to
converge more intense, making it impossible for them to control
themselves, and began taking actions against each other.
“According to the ancient sun god’s research, the pillar of support is the
highest level of stability one can achieve. If a Great Old One exceeds this
limit, just accommodating an additional sefirah will lead to being controlled
by the convergence instinct in an irreversible manner.
“No one knows the exact situation of the battle. Even the Seven Lights of
the spirit world do not know. We only know that, from that fateful moment
onwards, the two Great Old Ones known as the ‘Pillars’ vanished
completely. As for the other sefirot other than the Chaos Sea and Sefirah
Castle, they were sealed by Sefirah Castle’s powers in the Western
Continent. That was once the territory ruled by the Lord of the Mysteries.
“This setup led to a problem. It was that, before the reappearance of the
Lord of the Mysteries and God Almighty, and before removal and breaking
of the Western Continent’s seal, no Sequence 0 in this world could become
a Great Old One to resist the Outer Deities.
“As the apocalypse approaches, this problem will force all the true deities to
nurture a Lord of the Mysteries or God Almighty. And the former Lord of
the Mysteries and God Almighty are very likely to awaken in ‘Their’
bodies.”
This… Therefore, the sealing of the other sefirots was done deliberately by
the Celestial Worthy, preventing the later Sequence 0 true deities from
deliberately avoiding this pathway, killing the chances of the birth of a new
Lord of the Mysteries? And as long as a new Lord of the Mysteries is born,
“He” has a high chance of being revived and completely awakening… Isn’t
this too sinister? From a certain point of view, there’s no need to be afraid
of others knowing this arrangement. The more entities that know of it, the
more they will be inclined to quickly support the growth of a Lord of the
Mysteries, so as to prevent them from only having a few years towards the
end to gain control of their corresponding sefirot… The more Klein thought
about it, the more terrifying the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings appeared.
This made him sigh inwardly.
As expected of a pillar that can make the Genie fall into such a predicament
to this day…
Klein immediately asked, “Then why didn’t you support the growth of a
Lord of the Mysteries in the Fourth Epoch?”
He actually knew the answer to this question. As time passed, as the
original Creator’s different personas, the Celestial Worthy and God
Almighty will have “Their” wills constantly weaken. The closer they got to
the apocalypse, the weaker the corresponding will became. This made those
of the future be able to resist and suppress “Them,” and avoid losing
“Themselves.”
This could be proven by the fact that Adam had waited until recently to
advance to Visionary.
The Evernight Goddess’s dream projection revealed a smile.
“Back then, Amon and Bethel were unwilling. All of them wished to make
all sorts of preparations, hoping to make the attempt when the apocalypse
was approaching.
“As for Salinger, ‘He’ planned to use the River of Eternal Darkness to fuse
with the Red Priest’s Uniqueness to create a brand new Great Old One path.
Then, ‘He’ went mad. ‘He’ wasn’t able to resist the desire for converging
the Twilight and Evernight pathway.”
Death was also forced into such circumstances. On the one hand, the
apocalypse was only a thousand years or so away, and on the other hand,
the River of Eternal Darkness had been sealed by the Celestial Worthy, a
pillar. This prevented “Him” from attempting to control it… It’s too sinister,
too much! Klein couldn’t help but inwardly criticize the Celestial Worthy.
At this moment, the Evernight Goddess’s dream projection continued, “The
seal on the Western Continent is gradually weakening with time. The sefirot
will instinctively or consciously use their symbolism to corrode the
Uniqueness and High-Sequence Beyonder characteristics that land on them
to influence the outside world.
“The first to seep out energy was the River of Eternal Darkness. In the
Second Epoch, it formed a distributary through Gregrace. After that, in the
Fourth Epoch, traces of more sefirot began to appear on the Northern and
Southern Continents and the islands over the Five Seas.
“This is an important factor hidden behind many of the anomalies in the
Fourth Epoch.”
The sefirot had indirectly exacted their influence through the seal in the
Fourth Epoch… It’s no wonder Adam said that my understanding of the
Fourth Epoch’s history isn’t deep enough… From the looks of it, Bansy
Harbor retained the elven customs not because it was an elven settlement,
but also because of other factors… Klein thought for a few seconds before
smiling.
“I roughly understand.
“Is that why you’ve been helping me all this while?”