Chapter 809

: : The Danger Amidst the Darkness
Bang!
The loud gunshot reverberated in the sparse and open region as they
extended outwards. If it was an ordinary island with an ordinary forest at
night, it would’ve alarmed the birds and beasts, sending them scattering
away. But here, everything remained quiet, so quiet that it didn’t seem like
any living creatures existed.
As for that black curly-haired baboon, its head had burst open, splattering
blood and brain matter everywhere like it was raining.
The black crystal at its head shattered as well, with not a single piece
remaining intact.
Klein bent his arm and slowly retracted Death Knell which was still
spewing out smoke. He watched as the mutated curly-haired baboon’s
stocky body, one more that was muscular than a human’s, collapse to the
group.
By approaching with Traveling, forcefully controlling with Wraith, and
seizing the opportunity to deal a lethal strike with Death Knell, it was an
instant kill!
Klein wasn’t doing this to flaunt his strength, but via his observations, he
believed that the mutated curly-haired baboon had unique powers. If he
didn’t quickly finish it off while it didn’t understand anything about him,
there was a very high chance that the situation would be reversed, making
the battle rather tricky. Besides, on such a dangerous primitive island, it was
imperative he avoided situations from escalating, for no one knew what
things could be lured by an intense battle.
Therefore, after Klein possessed the mutated curly-haired baboon with a
Wraith, he gave up on the more reliable and more unnoticeable method of
controlling Spirit Body Threads, because it took longer. Instead, he chose to
cock the gun and use Death Knell to finish it off while it was stiff and slow
as a result of the Wraith’s influence.
The effects were identical to his expectations. The possible accidents that
could happen midway were as he imagined. With the help of Distortion and
Chaos, the mutated curly-haired baboon did possess the ability to extricate
itself from the unfavorable situation of the Wraith’s possession, and it
would allow the bullet’s trajectory to violate the laws of physics and avoid
its body.
Unfortunately, its efforts had come to an abrupt stop before it could change
any effects. Klein had seized that brief moment of sluggishness to
decisively deliver the lethal strike.
If he had switched to controlling Spirit Body Threads, the outcome
might’ve been very different.
It’s worth it to suffer a weakness for this… Furthermore, there’s a higher
chance of me being needed to use Death Knell later. Compared to realizing
what I’m afraid of in a more dangerous environment, it’s better to know the
problem ahead of time and avoid similar situations. That’s the better
option… Klein allowed his revolver to point downward as he walked to the
side of the mutated curly-haired baboon.
At this moment, under the Wraith’s control, the Beyonder characteristic of
the Beyonder creature rapidly appeared.
Alger held up the lantern as he watched this scene from a distance away. It
took him nearly a minute to snap back to his senses. Frozen in his mind was
ultimately the scene of the flare from Gehrman Sparrow’s muzzle and the
bursting head of the curly-haired baboon.
The Chaos they encountered in the beginning had made him understand that
the Beyonder creature they had encountered was at a Sequence higher than
that of the Illusory Chime Tree. It was a relatively difficult creature to deal
with, one that required sufficient caution during combat. Furthermore, there
wasn’t any guarantee of victory. Yet, Gehrman Sparrow had finished the
battle in three seconds. The speed at which it happened was as though he
was engaging in target practice.
Being a Sequence 5 Beyonder as well, the difference was unbelievable!
Combining a short-distance teleportation ability and a strange power that
can control an enemy for a certain amount of time, along with that
astoundingly potent revolver, the effects are unimaginable terrifying… If I
were to encounter it for the first time, I would definitely be killed instantly.
And even if I’m prepared, it wouldn’t be easy to resist it. The best solution
is to use my singing to affect my surroundings indiscriminately. It will
prevent Gehrman Sparrow from successfully completing a Teleport… As
expected of a crazy adventurer with a bounty of 50,000 pounds. Even
without Mr. Fool’s help, just him alone isn’t weaker than Admiral Hell. It’s
possible that he’s even stronger… While sighing poignantly, Alger reined in
his thoughts as he considered how he could deal with the situation if he
were in the curly-haired baboon’s shoes.
Compared to the descriptions from others and his own guesses, witnessing
it himself was more convincing and shocking!
Inside the corpse of the curly-haired baboon where the shattered black
crystal was, a faint blob of light quickly appeared and converged together,
turning into a translucent, pitch-black fist that was tightly clenched.
Indifferently to their thoughts, the fist produced a feeling of strength and
sinisterness. The palm’s lines, luster, and fingernails seemed to follow
ordinary principles, but they were filled with an abnormal charm. It seemed
to hide large amounts of madness and chaos.
Sequence 5 Mentor of Confusion from the Black Emperor pathway? I
wonder what weakness I received. I hope it’s not too odd… Hmm, I can use
Death Knell as much as I want in the next six hours… As Klein muttered,
he bent down to pick up the Beyonder characteristic and stored it in a
prepared metal container.
In fact, he could attempt to Graze the curly-haired baboon and see if he
could obtain the corresponding Beyonder powers of a Mentor of Confusion
so as to swap away his glove’s Baron of Corruption. But ultimately, he gave
up on that idea since he wasn’t sure what the Beyonder creature had done
that made it deserve such torture.
His encounter had been an encounter on a battlefield. Ensuring his enemy’s
death was nothing out of the ordinary, but Grazing was an extremely
excruciating pain that left a soul yearning for liberation. Klein had his own
principles and stubbornness. He didn’t easily violate them, and he often
cautiously chose his targets.
Of course, to him, creatures of lower intelligence were not the same as
humans. Even if he attempted to Graze it, it wasn’t crossing the line.
However, many of his past experiences told him that persisting to keep to
his principles and not relax the requirements for himself was not only a
moral question but was something to prevent himself from losing himself.
He couldn’t keep pushing the envelope just because he thought it was
nothing. As the trivialities accumulated, it would eventually result in a
terrible mistake.
In this crazy and chaotic mysterious world, actions aren’t for others to see,
but for myself. A person can fool humans and even deities, but they can’t
fool themselves. Uh, I wonder if High-Sequence Beyonders from the
Spectator pathway can fool themselves… As Klein’s thoughts raced, he
took out Groselle’s Travels that he hid near his chest, intending to smear the
curly-haired baboon’s blood over its cover.
At that moment, his heart tensed up as the hair along his neck stood up.
This was an intense premonition of danger!
And in this premonition, no scene had surfaced in Klein’s mind!
Not good! Klein instantly found his heart wrapped in layers of shadows as
everything before his eyes seemed to be covered in a layer of dark glass.
Without the luxury of time to consider what was happening, the glove on
his left palm turned transparent once again.
His figure turned invisible before he appeared beside Alger, reaching out to
grab his shoulder.
At that instant, Alger also sensed the abnormality. His heart contracted and
expanded like the source of a storm as his blood surged through his veins
and arteries like a tidal wave.
Meanwhile, he saw Gehrman Sparrow’s right hand which was grabbing his
shoulder. From the finger nails, it was turning gray and turning dull, bit by
bit, just like any stone that could be found anywhere in the dark forest. And
his feet, knees, and muscles were turning stiff as though they no longer
belonged to him.
The two figures quickly turned transparent as they vanished from their
location and entered a saturated and clearly overlapped spirit world as they
quickly traversed it in the direction of the ancient ruins.
Suddenly, the red, green, black, and other stacked colors before Klein’s eyes
uniformly darkened as they produced fine patterns that resembled raven
black hair.
Raven black hair!
A chill rose up from their soles as Klein didn’t hesitate to leave the spirit
world with The Hanged Man and return to the real world where they landed
in an area mixed with rubble and weed. Not far away was a mostly
collapsed building.
Through the corner of his eye, The Hanged Man had already turned
grayish-white from the waist down, as though he had turned into a stone
sculpture!
Pa!
Klein snapped his fingers, igniting the grass tens of meters away in
preparation to leap over.
At that moment, he suddenly felt his heart palpitate as his body began to
tremble involuntarily.
The appearance of the soaring flames was terrifying to him!
The weakness Death Knell gave him this time: fear of fire!
Seeing the dark “glass” thicken before his eyes, Klein felt a howling wind
sweep him up from below before he could overcome the fear, causing him
and Alger to fly up, passing through the invisible border and entering the
vicinity of the ancient ruins.
Bang!
The duo fell to the ground simultaneously, producing the sound of crashing
rocks.
The thick shadow over their hearts vanished as the danger that hid in the
darkness receded like the tide.
Phew… Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he saw the grayish-white color that
had spread to his elbow turn faint and recede. He felt his physical condition
was rapidly recovering after he left that zone.
His back was covered in perspiration that soaked his shirt.
And what left him most horrified was that he didn’t know what monster had
attacked him or what powers were used!
Did Death Knell’s gunshot alarm some monster in the vicinity, or is it the
existence that rules over this forest at night? Thankfully, it doesn’t dare to
enter the vicinity of the ancient ruins… This isn’t necessarily good. This
means that deep in the ancient ruins is something that makes it fearful… I
should be prepared to retreat at any moment… Klein stretched his hands
and slowly stood up.
At this moment, Alger escaped from that grayish-white layer as he turned
his head to glance over.
“That zone was petrifying us.”
That zone… Petrification… Klein nodded in thought as he walked towards
the mostly collapsed building that was strewn with weeds and covered in
vines. He then replied in a deep tone, “The problem now lies ahead.”
Alger didn’t speak further as he sped up his pace, steadily walking by his
side.
After approaching, Klein looked at the building. His gaze swept the spires
and stone columns, as well as the damaged walls that remained standing.
He stopped and asked seemingly casually, “What kind of building do you
think this ruin was in the past?”
Alger remained silent for a few seconds before saying, “Cathedral.
“A cathedral.”