Chapter 1007

Dealing With The Aftermath
On 160 Boklund Street, after watching Leonard fly out of the world of
Concealment with the Word of the Sea in one hand, Klein turned his
attention back onto his surroundings.
He first observed Winner Enuni. He originally imagined that he couldn’t
use the marionette that had been Parasitized by Amon, but to his surprise,
he realized that he could control his Spirit Body Threads again!
This… Klein was first stunned before he came to a realization.
When Snake of Fate Will Auceptin used Reboot to reverse Amon’s
condition in time, it also made the things “He” Parasitize experience similar
changes. Hence, Enuni had turned back into his marionette!
As expected of the strongest power of a Monster pathway’s Sequence 1…
Klein heaved a sigh of relief before allowing his figure to fade away from
where he stood.
He “Teleported” back to his master bedroom, leaving a bunch of
marionettes around to defend against any accidents.
Right on the heels of that, Klein entered the bathroom and headed above the
gray fog. He used Enuni’s prayer light and began observing the entire street
with the Sea God Scepter in hand.
Without a doubt, his focus was on his residence and Unit 39. He found
Butler Walter, Housekeeper Taneja, Member of Parliament Macht, Ma’am
Riana, and many servants having remnant signs of being Parasitized. They
appeared somewhat in a daze.
As for Hazel, she was on the brink of total collapse. Her hands were on the
ground, having pushed herself backwards into the corner. Her back was
leaning close to the wall as she huddled into a ball, trembling.
Macht and company had noticed something wrong with her. They
surrounded her in concern, hoping to know why.
However, Hazel would scream loudly whenever they attempted to approach
her. She would resist violently, so all they could do was stand meters away,
wearing a panicked and helpless look.
During this process, they would, from time to time, nudge their glasses or
pinch their eye sockets. This only served to leave Hazel even more
horrified. She appeared to be on the brink of losing control.
Klein felt horrified when he saw this scene above the gray fog. He imagined
a scene:
Daddy Amon, Mommy Amon, Maid Amon, Footman Amon were circling
around Hazel, trying to soothe her nerves but were helpless. They wore the
same expression and the same monocle with different clothes.
Even if Hazel were to hold out and not lose control, she would definitely
develop mental problems. At the very least, she would be in a half-crazy
state… Klein’s thoughts raced as he lowered the Sea God Scepter and
returned to the real world.
Boklund Street and the several streets remained enshrouded in darkness. It
exuded a serene, tranquil, and profound feeling.
This was a world that had already turned into a “secret.”
Klein took down a hat, wore it on his head, and “Teleported” to a director’s
office in 22 Phelps Street—Loen Charity Bursary Foundation.
Audrey had already changed into a light-green dress and was daydreaming
with a fountain pen in hand, reminiscing over every detail of the
punishment operation in the afternoon. Susie, on the other hand, had gone
out for a stroll.
Suddenly, this noble lady sensed something and looked up.
A black-haired, brown-eyed, thin-faced figure with cut facial features was
rapidly reflected in her emerald, limpid eyes.
This figure wore a white shirt, black vest, black trousers, and black leather
boots. He had a cold expression, his body was bent slightly as he held one
hand over his top hat.
Audrey was first taken aback before she recalled who this person was.
Gehrman Sparrow!
Although she had never met him before, she had already seen his extremely
lifelike picture on the papers and wanted posters.
Klein realized that he hadn’t changed back to Dwayne Dantes based on
Miss Justice’s reaction. However, he wasn’t too mindful of that. He released
his hand from his top hat and straightened his body. He said with a nod,
“There’s something that requires your help.”
His disguise had also been stolen by Amon. But after a Reboot, it was
returned to him. He just didn’t have the time to change back into Dwayne
Dantes.
Mr. World, who’s already a demigod, needs my help? He’s in need of
therapy because of some mental problem? No, it doesn’t seem to be the
case… Audrey pursed her lips as she put down her fountain pen in
anticipation and curiosity. She stood up and gave a serious reply:
“No problem.”
Klein didn’t waste any time and walked over. Grabbing her by the arm,
their figures faded away as they vanished from the spot.
Instantaneously, they appeared outside the activity room at 39 Boklund
Street.
This is “Teleportation? Audrey’s eyes turned slightly as she instinctively
wanted to ask something. However, when she felt the heavy atmosphere and
the screams, her face immediately wore a solemn look.
“There’s a patient?” she asked without much doubt.
It’s really easy to talk to a Spectator. There’s no need for much
explanation… Klein tersely acknowledged and said, “Yes, she encountered
a supernatural incident and suffered a terrible fright. She’s on the brink of
losing control.
“Do you have the means to not be seen by the people inside?”
There was no need for him to say his last sentence, as a large-scale illusion
was enough to resolve the problem. Furthermore, after receiving the
blessings of Concealment, ordinary people likely didn’t retain much of their
corresponding memories. However, after witnessing Adam’s powers of
invisibility, Klein was rather curious if Miss Justice had such skills at
Sequence 6.
Mr. World is feeling curious… That’s really rare… He doesn’t seem to be
wearing a thick mask and has changed to a thinner one. He’s a really good
patient who heeds medical advice… Audrey’s chin moved slightly as she
nodded.
“Yes.”
As she spoke, she glanced at Gehrman Sparrow who reached out for the
handle and pushed open the door after receiving her response.
Member of Parliament Macht and Ma’am Riana completely ignored this
beautiful girl as they discussed in a panic about hiring a doctor. As for
Hazel, she remained curled in a corner, trembling vigorously like an
abandoned baby animal.
“Miss Hazel…” As a senior Spectator, Audrey didn’t have the problem of
forgetting others.
She observed Hazel’s condition and frowned slightly. She turned her head
and said to Gehrman Sparrow, “Uh, Mr. Sparrow, can you briefly explain
what she encountered?
“Only with sufficient knowledge can I quickly resolve the problem.”
Klein was already prepared as he quickly and succinctly explained, “She’s a
Beyonder of the Marauder pathway, a student of a demigod who had
nefarious thoughts. Her teacher attracted Blasphemer Amon’s avatar and
ended up getting herself killed, her destiny and identity were stolen.
“As such, Amon infiltrated her family, Parasitizing her parents and servants.
Just now, while we were eliminating Amon’s avatars, she realized that her
parents and servants had all turned into Amon. Uh, she didn’t know that
‘that’ was Amon, but she understood that it was a strange existence.
“If you have anything you wish to understand at a deeper level, things
which do not involve the psychological treatment, you can always ask
during the next gathering.”
Blasphemer Amon? Mr. World and company have eliminated Amon’s
avatar again, no—avatars? Audrey was somewhat shocked as she
instinctively glanced at Macht and company. She couldn’t imagine that they
had once been Parasitized by Amon and had turned into “Him.”
To have everyone Parasitized… Audrey recalled Mr. World’s words and felt
more afraid the more she thought about it. She felt her entire body turn cold
as she couldn’t help but think of herself if she were in Hazel’s shoes.
This left her somewhat stifled as she subconsciously cast Placate on herself.
“Is the supernatural world always this cruel and terrifying, or is it just
occasionally?” After calming down, Audrey muttered softly.
She didn’t wait for The World Gehrman Sparrow’s reply, because from
what she had seen at the Tarot Gathering, she knew the answer very well:
Always!
Looking back at Hazel, Audrey walked over, filled with pity. She crouched
down and first used Placate.
Hazel looked up blankly and saw a perfect, flawless face, as well as that
pair of emerald-like eyes.
At that instant, she seemed to return to the ball of that previous night,
having witnessed this lady “descend” like an angel.
She instantly calmed down. She saw ripples rise up in that pair of limpid,
green eyes. They were serene, calm, and deep.
“There’s no need to be afraid. Calm down. Everything is already over…”
Audrey used Hypnosis to directly communicate with Hazel’s Body of Heart
and Mind. She heard hysterical screams and the horror that was taller than
mountains and deeper than the ocean.
Taking into account Hazel’s condition and encounter, she quickly came up
with a plan for treatment. She directly Hypnotized Hazel and made her
forget today’s encounter and the existence of her teacher. She was only
capable of vaguely remembering her identity as a Beyonder and other
general knowledge.
Hazel gradually calmed down before she slowly fell asleep.
“After you awaken, that terrifying experience will no longer exist, and I
was never here.” Audrey used a gentle voice to complete the last step of the
Hypnosis.
Following that, she slowly got up and observed Hazel for a few seconds.
She pursed her lips and whispered without turning her head, “I made her
temporarily forget the corresponding memories, but that memory remains.
It’s just hidden deep down. In future gatherings, I’ll continue treating her,
guiding her to slowly remember and accept this memory. Only then can her
mental problem be completely resolved.
Otherwise, perhaps a familiar action or sentence will jolt her awake. She
will then break down once again, and perhaps it will result in a direct loss
of control.”
Miss Justice is becoming more and more professional… Klein sighed as he
asked cautiously, “Then you will have to Hypnotize all the people who were
Parasitized. They are not to show any hobbies that don’t originally belong
to them, like the wearing of monocles.
“Also, let them pray to the Evemight Goddess after fifteen minutes to
obtain complete cleansing and purification.” Audrey nodded with abnormal
seriousness.
“No problem.”
Klein immediately stood to the side, watching this noble lady “cue”
everyone who had been Parasitized in this house with the greatest feelings
of pity.