Chapter 1097

: Different Conundrum
Seeing that her mistress was clearly interested in ghost tales, Annie glanced
at the other maids who were preparing hot water, combs, and other items.
She continued, “The doctors and nurses wished to invite the Church’s
bishop to host a Mass, but the remaining patients strongly objected to it.
They look forward to meeting that ghost. They all call it ‘the Clown Angel.’
They say that its terrifying appearance resembles a specially dressed clown,
but in actual fact, it’s an angel who can resolve pain and torment.”
“This title is very interesting…” Audrey said with a faint smile.
If it were in the past, she would definitely be very interested in this, perhaps
eager to make a trip to the hospital via Dream Traversal to figure out what
was going on with the so-called “Clown Angel.” However, the sudden
eruption of the war made her feel rather depressed. She felt that there were
too many important things that she needed to do, so she wasn’t in the mood
to probe further.
In fact, if she hadn’t experienced the air raid herself and seen those who
were injured because of it, she would definitely feel like a war had never
happened over the past few days and that Backlund was still very peaceful.
This was because, after that air raid, the airship fleet of the Loen Kingdom
had been roped into the war effort. The air defenses of the coastal city’s had
all been raised, and Backlund didn’t suffer another attack again. Currently,
the battle between Feysac and Loen was mainly focused in three places—
the Winter County’s Amantha mountain range, the heavy industry
metropolitan area along the Midseashire’s east coast, and the few harbors
along the Sonia Sea coast. Furthermore, they were in a deadlock with no
side gaining an advantage over the other. Even if there were casualties, it
didn’t have any material impact on Backlund. Other than the rise in prices
with several editorial pieces in the newspapers, this city seemed to restore
its peace in a few short days.
However, Audrey didn’t think so. Her father and brother have been busy
with work recently, often returning late at night or convening a private
gathering with a group of nobles, Members of Parliament, and clergymen.
Through the other charity organizations in the Church of Evernight, she
learned of the exact number of casualties at the front lines of Pritz Harbor
and Amantha. She even saw some photos of the battlefield. She was
working hard to gather funds, contacting various pharmaceutical companies
and hospitals, hoping that she could organize help and treatment needed in
the war effort.
Who would’ve thought that the crazy adventurer has not only offered the
excess food in his manor, but he has even donated 7,000 pounds in cash…
Audrey sighed secretly and began letting the maidservant help doll her up.
South of the Bridge, Rose Street.
Emlyn White casually donated ten pounds to a charity organization’s
solicitor. He pressed his top hat and walked up the stairs, entering the
Harvest Church.
At this moment, there were no believers in the cathedral. Father Utravsky,
who looked like a half-giant, sat at the front and prayed sincerely.
Emlyn was in no hurry to change into his priest robes. He sat beside the
priest and wanted to say something, but when he opened his mouth, he
ended up scoffing.
“It must be your typical Feysac appearance and figure that made those
believers fearful of coming over,” Emlyn said casually as he looked at the
altar in front of him.
Bishop Utravsky put down his hands and opened his eyes.
“I can understand them.”
“What’s the point of understanding them? If the war gets more intense and
the number of soldiers who die in the battle increase a bit more, the
believers might rush in here and bum the cathedral and hang you to death.”
Emlyn continued to look at the Sacred Emblem of Life.
Father Utravsky shook his head slightly.
“No, they won’t. They sincerely believe in the Earth Mother. They won’t
bum the cathedral. At most, they will banish me. If I express that I’ve given
up on my Feysac nationality, there will always be people who will
understand and accept me.”
Emlyn tsked and said without moving his gaze, “What if Feynapotter joins
in the war and attacks Desi Bay, Loen territory?
“What if the Church of Earth Mother calls all clergymen to arms and
become enemies with Loen?
“Are you going to obey the orders of the Church and abandon the believers
here, or are you going to pretend that you don’t know anything? Continuing
promoting how precious life is, how joyous the harvest is as you are now?
Or, will you directly organize those believers to make them become
enemies with their own kind, using blood and sacrifices to prove their
faith?”
Bishop Utravsky slowly looked at the Sacred Emblems of Life up and
above the altar, not saying anything for a long time.
Emlyn didn’t bring up any more questions as he fell silent like the priest.
The entire Harvest Church was silent.
On a colonial island, Alger Wilson, who hadn’t had the chance to return to
Pasu Island, didn’t leave the Blue Avenger due to his principles of being
cautious. He only sent his sailors to take turns to gather information.
“Captain, there still isn’t any news about mustering us,” a sailor reported to
Alger of his findings of the day while reeking of alcohol.
Alger waved his hand and dismissed his subordinate to leave the room.
Then, he frowned slightly and muttered silently to himself, The Church
doesn’t seem to care much about this war…
From what Alger knew, this was likely an intense war that would cover a
huge scale. As the victim of an invasion, the Church of the Lord of Storms
would definitely mobilize all its strength to defeat the enemy, including the
“captains” who were scattered across the sea by giving them corresponding
missions. However, at this moment in time, Alger had yet to receive orders
from Pasu Island.
This didn’t mean that the Church of the Lord of Storms was slacking off.
The activity of the Church’s forces amongst the Loen army and the air raid
drills it was involved in the various major cities, and the activities of the
demigods implied that the Church of the Lord of Storms was seriously
resisting the invasion of the Feysac Empire. It was just that it wasn’t going
all-out.
Could it be that it’s because we’re still in the early stages of the war? The
Church wishes to preserve a portion of its strength for the critical moment?
Alger held back the stirrings in his heart and waited for further information.
At night, another group of sailors returned with news that had nothing to do
with the war.
“Captain, there seems to be some kind of monster hiding on this island.
Many pirates say that they encountered a terrifying situation when they
head out to pee after drinking too much. Some of them were violently
slapped by the branches of trees, while others saw fruits growing on their
bodies—ones filled with blood and flesh in them. Some of them
encountered skinny ghostly figures with wheat faces…” A rather sober
sailor described the rumors he had heard.
Tales about ghosts and monsters… Alger didn’t have the intention to probe
into the truth of the matter. He nodded and sternly warned, “Don’t go out at
night.”
After such paranormal tales started in Backlund and Pritz Harbor, Klein
never went to those hospitals again, afraid that he would directly meet
Zaratul’s marionettes.
With the Creeping Hunger and the ability to “Travel,” he expanded his
range for creating terrifying tales. Sometimes, he would be in the Sonia Sea,
at other times in the Fog Sea. He would go to Lenburg, sometimes to
Feynapotter, and sometimes appear in places like East and West Balam, the
highlands and valley. He didn’t abide by any rules, and he relied solely on
his momentary inspiration. He would visit some cities two or three times
while not stepping foot into others even once.
During this process, Klein felt an inexplicable strange feeling. In the
terrifying darkness, invisible tentacles extended out, either searching for his
whereabouts or attempting to predict his movements so as to intercept him
ahead of time.
They were silent and cold, and once they entangled him, the consequences
were unimaginable.
Klein knew that this might be the result of Zaratul’s “search.” His best
solution was to temporarily stop acting and to lay low in wait. However, it
was also this subtle feeling that made him wish to digest the potion as soon
as possible. Hence, he made use of the gray fog’s powers. Every time he
randomly chose a target location, he would go above the gray fog to divine
the danger level and use Paper Angels to interfere.
At this moment, with the huge progress in his digestion, he “Teleported” to
Cookawa, which was in the Northern State of West Balam.
This was where he had killed Ince Zangwill to avenge himself and the
captain.
The moment his figure appeared in the White Feather Square, he suddenly
sensed something amiss.
The residence that belonged to Maysanchez was too quiet. It was so quiet
that it sent chills down his spine.
Maysanchez was a native general who had previously bought arms from
Dwayne Dantes. He was a Beyonder of the Death pathway, and he was
backed by the Church of Knowledge.
What happened? Klein frowned slightly as he considered whether he should
enter to confirm the situation. After all, that was his “collaboration partner.”
Furthermore, if he were to encounter an enemy that wasn’t weak, it would
be a very good opportunity for him to act. After doing a self-analysis of the
situation, he believed that if he could use a saint-level demigod as the main
lead and create a few more horror tales, then his Bizarro Sorcerer potion
would be digested for the most part.
Of course, the prerequisite for everything is to be safe. I have to be careful
and cautious… As he made his marionette, Qonas Kilgor, transform into the
appearance of Dwayne Dantes, he took out a gold coin.
This time, the revelation he received was that there wasn’t any danger.
Strange… Klein didn’t let his guard down as his body turned incorporeal
before becoming a shadow that disappeared into the darkness of the night.
As for his marionette, Qonas Kilgor walked slowly towards Maysanchez’s
mansion with his face facing down.
This was the ability to hide in the shadows that Creeping Hunger provided
itself.
As for the other marionette, Enuni, he was waiting about 1000 meters away.
As for the few “rats” that belonged to the marionette, they were spaced out
nearly 1000 meters away from each other, but they were unable to do
anything.
Soon, Dwayne Dantes arrived in front of the general’s residence and
activated his Spirit Body Threads vision.
What entered his vision were black illusory threads that were “grown” in a
messy fashion. They seemed to come from different people, but they also
had an obviously similar aura.
And normal Spirit Body Threads didn’t exist at all.
After a few seconds of silence, Dwayne Dantes extended his right hand and
pushed open the closed door.
The scene inside was completely different from what he remembered. The
pillars that were covered with golden foils, the golden sculptures on the
walls, and gorgeous stairs were now rolled into a bunch like a huge
porcupine with golden spikes growing out of it. On the ground, there were
sharp stone pillars and shattered glass everywhere.
Apart from these, there were more illusory bookshelves in the hall that
didn’t appear real. There were pools of black shadows hidden in different
spots on the bookshelf as they curled and stretched like eyes from time to
time.
As the door opened, the pool of liquid-like shadows suddenly came alive
and produced the same sound:
“It’s you!
“My prediction was right. You’re the one who can help me out of my
conundrum!”