Chapter 702

: Epilogue
“Groselle!”
Frunziar, who was closest to the giant, rushed to Groselle and caught him.
Then, he slowly released his grip and stood up, as though he had just
experienced a confusing dream.
Siatas tore out of Mobet’s arms, and ignoring the pain all over her body, she
ran to Groselle’s side with the aid of the wind.
She bent down and carefully observed for a moment. Then, she nudged the
giant and hysterically shouted, “Wake up! Wake up!
“It’s time for us to leave!”
Her voice softened into silence.
Mobet stood by the side, seeing the giant unable to maintain his body as it
wavered. Finally, it fell to the ground with a thud.
He fell silent for a few seconds before exhaling.
At that moment, Anderson and Edwina had already run to Snowman. One
used a flame, while the other mimicked holy light to quickly defrost him.
As Klein was nearby, he directly arrived by Groselle’s side.
His Spirit Body Threads vision told him that the giant was dead. Only his
spirit lingered, but it was beginning to scatter. This made his Damage
Transfer powers completely useless.
From the moment Groselle ignited the light of dawn and engaged the frost
dragon in a second battle, he must have prepared himself for death… Klein
fell silent.
Mobet glanced at him and said with a rueful smile, “To be frank, I’ve not
seen many giants. Most of my impression of them had come from books,
teachers, and parents. I always thought that this race was cruel and violent,
unintelligent creatures who were closer to monsters. However, Groselle
wasn’t like that. He was frank, honest, and optimistic. Although he might
appear rather silly, he knew better than anyone what was right and wrong.
“He told me that this was because he wasn’t one of those ancient giants. He
wasn’t even a second or third generation giant… The cruel and violent
giants similarly had the ability to reproduce and give birth. As for their
descendants, there would be more rational ones appearing from time to
time. These descendants would reproduce and have more descendants,
allowing the entire giant race to escape from the confines of being
monsters.
“Hehe, I don’t know if I should believe him, but his existence has proven
the possibility…”
As Mobet said that, he suddenly paused as though immersed in his
memories.
At that moment, Edwina and Anderson helped Snowman, whose body was
still a little stiff, walk over. The ascetic struggled as he walked to Groselle’s
side.
Looking at the tightly closed single eye, Snowman gestured the sign of the
cross on his chest. He half-closed his eyes as he whispered a prayer:
“Father of all things, the great source of everything, here lies an honest and
pure soul… May he enter ‘Your’ kingdom and receive eternal
redemption…”
Siatas opened her mouth as though she wanted to say that Groselle’s faith
was in Giant King Aurmir, but she ultimately chose to keep silent. She
watched in silence as Snowman completed the prayer.
“We have to leave as quickly as possible. No one knows how long this door
will remain open!” the Elvish Songster said as she surveyed the
surroundings. Her sorrow and pain left her rather quick-tempered.
She looked down at the giant and added in a heavy voice, “We can’t let
Groselle’s soul dissipate in this illusory world. We have to bring him back
to reality!”
“Alright,” Mobet immediately agreed. Klein and company didn’t object
either.
Edwina turned her head and shouted at the mountain cave of ice and snow.
“Danitz, you can come out now.”
At that moment, Siatas’s eyes darted around as though she had recalled
something. She turned her head and said to Klein, “Do you have a pen and
paper?”
“Yes.” Klein took out the fountain pen and notes he brought around with
him. This was a professional trait of being a Seer.
Siatas received it and began scribbling on it. She didn’t stop, even when
Danitz ran out of the cave.
Danitz kept silent. He was also in low spirits as well, lacking the joy and
excitement he should have with the pending departure from this book
world.
Finally, Siatas stopped writing and handed the paper and pen to Klein.
“The formula you wanted.”
Aren’t we completing the trade only after leaving? Klein mumbled silently
in puzzlement. He received the pen and the Ocean Songster potion formula.
As though sensing his puzzlement, Siatas turned her head and looked at
Groselle. She said with a heavy voice, “We are now companions.”
So you can give me the potion formula directly? Klein put the items away
and nodded indiscernibly.
“I’ll give you the wine cup after we leave.”
Siatas didn’t respond. Instead, she nudged Mobet.
“Bring Groselle along.”
Mobet looked down at his body which wasn’t too muscular and his sharp,
curvy leather boots. He gave a bitter smile of helplessness and walked to
Groselle’s thigh.
Frunziar silently followed as he bent down to embrace the giant’s left
shoulder.
Anderson looked around and tsked.
“All of you are injured or weak. Let me do it.”
He then lifted up Groselle’s other shoulder.
Klein was just about to help with the other thigh when Danitz rushed over
to take the spot.
Upon seeing this, he stopped in his tracks. He then watched Anderson and
company lift Groselle as they walked towards the illusory snow-laden door.
Klein; Edwina; Siatas, who stumbled as she walked; and Snowman silently
followed beside them before they arrived at the exit formed from Ulyssan’s
corpse.
At that moment, Klein surveyed the area and discovered that the light blue
blood that flowed out from the King of the North had vanished. It was as
though it had never existed.
Indeed, it’s a conjured monster that’s almost real… Klein walked behind as
he watched Edwina take a few steps forward as she bent her back, placing
her palms on the door.
Then, Vice Admiral Iceberg exerted her strength and pushed open the snow-
laden door.
Silently, everyone saw everything disappear after turning illusory then
transparent.
Rows of brownish-yellow bookshelves quickly appeared before their eyes,
along with the orange-yellow sun which had just set below the horizon and
a desk with a fountain pen, ink bottle, and paper.
This was Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina’s cabin!
Klein quickly placed the middle of the table in his sights. Sitting on it was a
book filled with yellowish-brown goatskin.
The book flipped to the end as a result of a formless wind. Klein and
company then saw the epilogue.
“With the help of the crazy adventurer and the strongest adventurer,
Groselle fulfilled his promise. He led his teammates and slayed the King of
the North, but he also ended up sleeping forever in the Nation of Frost.”
“It didn’t even give our ending… Siatas, where do you plan on heading to
next?” Mobet released Groselle’s thigh as he turned his head to ask the
Elvish Songster.
Siatas’s eyes seemed to glaze over for a few seconds before she firmly said,
“Seek out my race…”
Just as she said that, she suddenly saw Mobet’s flaxen-colored hair rapidly
turn white. His originally smooth face had obvious wrinkles.
In just a second, Mobet was dying of old age.
Siatas’s heart tightened. Just as she was about to lunge forward, she was
surprised to realize that she had lost the strength in her legs at some point in
time.
With a thud, she fell to the ground and realized that the back of her hands
were covered in the aged spots of an elder.
She instantly understood what was happening as tears immediately flowed
down her face. She struggled as she attempted to crawl towards Mobet.
Mobet had similarly slumped to the ground as he crawled towards her while
extending his right palm.
Siatas reached out her right palm and grabbed the wrinkled and thin hand.
They raised their heads with great difficulty as their pupils reflected one
another.
The corners of their mouths curled up simultaneously before loosening
weakly. Their eyelids drooped down and blocked out the light.
Klein, Edwina, Anderson, and Danitz failed to react in time to such
changes. They had no idea what they could do as they helplessly watched
Groselle’s corpse rapidly rot as his flesh and blood evaporated, leaving his
skeleton and Beyonder characteristic. As for Mobet, Siatas, Snowman, and
Frunziar, they aged in seconds before breathing their last breath and
repeating whatever had happened to Groselle’s corpse.
Their clothes had either disappeared or turned to dust. Their souls dispersed
at extraordinary speeds before they were gone.
“Even the one who lived inside the book for the shortest time had been
there for 165 years…” Edwina muttered softly as she turned her head to
look at that bones which faced the sea and sun.
It was none other than Disciplinary Paladin Frunziar. He was sitting on a
chair looking west—where Backlund was.
Snowman was seated cross-legged to the side. His corpse maintained the
posture of praying.
That’s right. They’ve lived in the book world for centuries or millennia.
With the rules of the outside world, as non-demigods, they should’ve died
long ago… I should’ve realized this… Why wasn’t I wary of this point at
all? Could it be… Klein suddenly recalled the psychological influence on
Mobet, Groselle, and company as he began having an idea.
He once again looked down at the book bound by goatskin. He believed
that it had many, many more secrets.
“This fellow is rather interesting. He died just like that…” Anderson looked
at Mobet’s corpse as he smirked.
At that moment, all the Beyonder characteristics had slowly condensed.
However, Frunziar didn’t produce anything similar to that. Edwina
observed for a moment before softly saying, “The potion he consumed was
illusory, likewise for the strength he obtained. It’s just like that frost
dragon.”
It was likely conjured in the book world. It was almost real… Klein sighed
silently. He was momentarily at a loss for words, so all he could do was
maintain Gehrman Sparrow’s silence.
In the next ten minutes, no one spoke in the captain’s cabin of the Golden
Dream until the four Beyonder characteristics took form.
One of them was the size of a fist resembling a heart; it was covered with
holes as it shimmered with the light of dawn. Another resembled a jellyfish;
its translucent exterior seemed to contain azure-blue seawater, and inside it
were vortices that were occasionally stirred by hurricanes or flashing silver
lightning while emitting a faint, ethereal song. Another was a pure, bright
crystal that exuded holiness. The last was a baby’s palm with five thin
stretched-out fingers as it kept changing colors due to the environment.
“Sigh, we can’t just keep watching like this.” Finally, Anderson broke the
silence. “Let’s split the Beyonder characteristics.”
Just as Edwina’s light-blue eyes were dyed with pangs of fire, the hunter
shrugged and said with a wry smile, “I believe that they’ll have wishes such
as this, as we were companions who fought together.”