Chapter 363

: High-level Authority
Perhaps I can use it as a “bridge”… Just as this thought flashed through
Klein’s mind, his right hand grabbed the Sunbird-shaped dark golden
brooch.
At the same time, he used his spirituality as a whirlpool to attract the pried
power from the mysterious space towards him, making it surge towards the
Sun Brooch like a tidal wave.
The quivering above the gray fog became obvious. Little dots of pure light
intertwined and swept toward Klein, blending with his spirituality.
The Sunbird-shaped dark golden brooch began to glow with a dazzling
brilliance. It grew brighter and denser, and in an instant, drop after drop of a
translucent golden liquid began to condense.
The liquid quickly merged together and formed a human figure that was as
tall as Klein. It was a golden figure, a sacred figure!
It does work… Sun Holy Water that’s created from a higher level of power is
closer to a God’s bestowment! Klein’s heart was filled with joy. He turned
his gaze back to the crimson star which symbolized The Sun. He then
looked at the figure that was waiting to bond with the great being.
As for the divine figure condensed by the golden Sun Holy Water, it wasn’t
a result of the Sun Brooch, but simply a manifestation of Klein’s
subconscious thoughts.
Reaching this step, he had already allowed the golden figure to move
forward. Through the illusory crimson star, it merged with Little Sun
through the secret deed ritual as it dispelled the “evil spirit” hidden inside
his body, as well as giving him a certain amount of knowledge and a
miraculous spiritual experience.
However, Klein didn’t have much confidence at that very moment.
The power of the mysterious space was obviously higher than his
spirituality, making him unable to smoothly control the power. As such, the
power of the golden figure was mixed, chaotic, and insufficiently
coordinated. If he used it as is, the effect was, at most, 10% of what he
expected.
As for Amon, who was suspected to be a descendant of the ancient Sun
God, he was born into a family of Blasphemers in the Tudor Empire’s
Fourth Epoch. Even if it wasn’t his main body, he was able to successfully
hide his identity from the powerful High-Sequence Demon Hunter and the
powerful mystical items that protected the existence of the City of Silver.
Klein truly didn’t have much confidence with the effect only amounting to
10%.
His initial plan was only to give it a try. If it really didn’t work, he would
temporarily bar The Sun and then reconnect with him when he found a
better solution.
However, having come this far, Klein naturally wanted the best outcome
and strived to succeed in one go.
Having disguised himself as the godlike Fool, he too had a little pride, and
he wanted to keep up his reputation… He gave a self-deprecating laugh as
he prepared to find a way to increase the effects of the golden figure to
dispel the evil entity at the last moment.
Of course, I can only waste a few seconds; otherwise, the ritual would be
over…Klein’s eyes swept over the items on the long bronze table again,
thinking only of the words “high level.”
Due to his spirituality’s intuition as a Seer, his gaze landed on an item.
The Card of Blasphemy, the Dark Emperor card!
Of all the items Klein owned, it was the only one that matched the words
“high level!”
As for Azik’s copper whistle, Klein clearly remembered that it had been
completely suppressed when the Blackthorn Security Company faced off
with the spawn of the evil god.
However, what the Dark Emperor card’s “high-level” pertains to is the
knowledge contained inside. That’s not right, after the owner advances to
become a High-Sequence Beyonder, it can produce subtle responses with
the Beyonder ingredients that are needed. Furthermore, it also possesses
the characteristics of anti-divination and anti-prophecy… In other words,
its level isn’t low… I don’t need to use it for a fight; as long as I can use its
“high-level” to suppress the power of this mysterious space above the fog,
and if I can minimize the chaotic and unnatural coordination of the golden
figure, that will be enough!
Klein quickly came up with an idea. He reached out his hand towards the
Dark Emperor card which had its back facing up!
Just then, he noticed a frightening scene through the corner of his eyes.
Within the shadow of The Sun that was formed by the illusory rays of the
crimson star, a palm, so shriveled that only skin and bones remained, was
suddenly reaching forward. Slowly but firmly, it grabbed at the boundary of
the crimson star, giving off a feeling as if it was piercing through reality and
entering the psyche domain.
Amon was attempting to use the connection to rip open the boundary and
extend his hand into the gray fog!
Whoosh!
For the first time, the endless grayish-white fog was in chaos. The
“flowing” from before seemed to turn into waves as gales formed.
Klein’s pupils shrank. He no longer hesitated, and he picked up the Dark
Emperor card.
As soon as he held this item in his hand, he immediately felt that his
spirituality was no longer subdued by the power of the mysterious space.
Suddenly, the golden figure became abnormally tall, and on its back, it grew
pairs of enormous pitch-black wings. There were a total of twelve pairs!
On each pair of wings, there were dark and bright feathers engraved with
many mysterious symbols.
The contrast between gold and black was stark, and the huge figure, driven
by Klein, spread its wings to cover the vast dome of the towering palace.
Without a sound, the sacred yet corrupted figure of light and darkness
flashed over, overlapping with the manifestation of Little Sun that was
formed by the crimson star!
The light and shadows intersected, and a fierce wind blew in all directions.
The palm that was so shriveled that it didn’t have any flesh, to the point of
only having skin and bones left, shrank backward uncontrollably, but it also
firmly refused to retreat.
It was like a man falling off a cliff who had extended his hand to grab a
bulge, unwilling to let go regardless of what happened.
Whoosh!
In the midst of the illusory and chaotic sounds, light and darkness
completely erupted. The shriveled hand finally lost its support, and it
plummeted, constantly disintegrating and disappearing as it did.
After a few seconds, the gray fog and the mysterious space above it
returned to its previous tranquility, as if no one had stepped inside for
thousands of years.
Klein focused again and saw that the blurry figure of Little Sun was no
longer entangled with the twisted and incorporeal entity.
Phew! Unable to stop himself, he heaved a sigh of relief. Then, he conjured
the contrasting image from before and threw them at the manifested figure
of Little Sun in the crimson rays of light, allowing him to fully comprehend
them.
…
In the Berg household in the City of Silver.
Derrick felt both awake and adrift at the same time.
It was as if he could see shadows of ineffable shapes, different colors of
light that contained endless knowledge, and a majestic, tall, golden figure
looking down upon everything.
This figure stood beside Mr. Fool in the thick gray fog, with twelve pairs of
huge, dark, mysterious wings on his back.
Not only did his body and mind become warm and pure, but he also seemed
to understand what was called sunlight. He had even figured out Holy Water
Creation, as well as the knowledge to exorcise evil spirits.
It also contained images he couldn’t understand, such as a towering, hidden
pyramidal mausoleum.
In that intoxicating spiritual experience, it was as if he had returned to his
most carefree childhood, to the lands where the sun shone in his
imagination, and it was only when everything was gone and the simple
furnishings of his room came into view that he snapped back to his senses.
Is this the secret deed ritual as referenced in textbooks? For more than two
thousand years, no one in the City of Silver has succeeded before. No one
has been able to come into contact with a mighty existence… At that
moment, Derrick’s low spirits and loneliness lessened. A heartfelt smile
beamed on his face.
The Fool’s so-called experiment was to confirm whether our City of Silver’s
environment can perform a secret deed ritual? That wondrous feeling of all
that knowledge was the payment “He” gave me? Derrick lowered his head
again and said with great respect, “Thank you, Mr. Fool!”
Right at this moment, a grayish-white fog suddenly appeared in front of his
eyes. In the center of the fog was a lofty chair. It was the leisurely seated
Fool.
Then, Derrick saw himself covered in a transparent, illusory shadow.
The figure wore a black classic robe, a matching pointed hat, and a crystal
monocle hung from its face. It coiled around his body like a python!
This… Amon wasn’t dead! He evaded the detection of the mystical items
and the attention of His Excellency, and he became a parasite on my Spirit
Body! Derrick’s eyes widened, and he saw himself as he was now, no longer
entangled by Amon.
Did Mr. Fool notice him and finish him? Derrick’s sunken heart calmed
down while cold sweat trickled down his forehead due to the lingering fear.
His face, on the other hand, displayed an expression of instinctive
reverence.
He subconsciously followed the words described in the mythology course
and said, “Praise you, the mighty Mr. Fool!”
…
Somewhere in the deep darkness, a bolt of lightning streaked across the sky,
illuminating the surroundings.
This was a plain that was filled with ravines, and a dark-green single-eyed
giant was wandering about subconsciously.
His eyes were lifeless, and his face was covered with traces of rotting pus.
Grayish-yellow gas permeated from his body and interwoven in the air,
forming many clouds.
And beneath his feet, in the darkest ravine on the plain, there was a figure
standing at the edge, overlooking the land below.
With the help of the lightning, a thick and broad grayish-white building
could be vaguely seen at the bottom of the ravine.
The figure was dressed in a black classic robe and a pointed cap of the same
color. It had curly black hair, black eyes, a broad forehead, and thin cheeks.
It looked identical to the phantom Derrick Berg had seen.
He raised his hand and pinched the crystal monocle. Then, he turned his
head to the left and looked into the distance.
“As expected…” he suddenly whispered, in the language of ancient Feysac.
After pausing for a moment, the man smiled and said the words, “The
Fool.”
Before he finished speaking, he had already jumped into the ravine in front
of him.
At this moment, the lightning subsided for a second, and darkness
completely enveloped the world.
…
After eliminating the fatal threat, Klein returned to the real world, once
again feeling the urgent need to advance his Sequence.
The Amon that I eliminated wasn’t the main body. If he truly is interested in
the mysterious space above the gray fog, he will soon return to the City of
Silver. At that time, I wonder if the two legendary mystical items and the
three Demon Hunters will be able to stop him…
For a mere clone to be so bizarre and terrifying, one can imagine how
powerful his main body is… Therefore, I need to conclude the rest of the
Magician rules as soon as possible and, through digestion and
advancement, better grasp the mysterious space above the gray… Perhaps,
the City of Silver’s Shepherd elder will be used. If she really is corrupted by
the True Creator…
Klein opened the bathroom door and went down to the first floor while in
deep thought.