Chapter 699

: Boss Fight
Loen soldier, Frunziar Edward, who was onguard by the cave’s entrance,
saw a massive figure descend from the sky just as he moved. It landed on a
huge boulder covered in thick layers of ice. The wings which were covered
in a membrane of skin weren’t retracted as they continued spreading
outward, nearly blocking out all the surrounding light.
The illusory armored scales that resembled frozen ice and the violent eerie-
blue dragon eyes were immediately reflected in Frunziar’s eyes. He
instinctively sensed danger as he raised his iron-black sword and leaped to
the side, rolling far away from where he was standing.
Almost at the same moment, King of the North Ulyssan opened its mouth,
silently spewing out a distorted icy-blue flame towards the cave. It froze
everything in its wake!
Moments later, the icy-blue flames produced a tidal wave formed from
illusory light as they surged into the dark cave, sealing everything it passed
in ice.
The words “Angel of Imagination, Adam” were still flashing across Klein’s
mind as he couldn’t help but recall Emperor Roselle’s description of the
Twilight Hermit Order. Their mission was to revive the original Creator,
and they had a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Spectator pathway among
their ranks, or even the Uniqueness. The means in which they summoned
the members was through a true dream that connected the eastern and
western ends of the continent. Furthermore, it had the characteristic of
being detected upon being mentioned. But even so, he still instinctively
reacted in response to the impending danger.
He lunged sideways, dodging towards the uneven parts of the cave,
attempting to use the rocks ahead to block the attack.
However, the surging icy-blue light was like a tidal wave that drowned
every corner of the cave. It sealed everything, leaving no safe zones inside
the cave.
Seeing his surroundings turn into an icy cage, a gigantic, grayish-blue
figure appeared before Klein’s eyes.
Groselle had stepped forward without a sound. He genuflected with his left
knee, leaning his back forward as he stabbed the broadsword in front of
him.
Light that resembled the dawn of light bloomed as illusory walls formed to
the left and right of Groselle, protecting everyone behind them.
An icy-blue “tidal wave” surged over, splitting at the erect broadsword
before colliding with the light of dawn on both sides.
Everything in the mountain cave turned dark for Klein and company before
a small source of light was restored.
They could still see that the bonfire had been extinguished. It was especially
dark with the dim rays of light outside attempting to tear through the layers
of ice.
At that moment, every inch of space in front of Groselle was frozen. The
giant seemed to become a bug stuck in amber!
Right on the heels of that, the sword which was embedded in the ground
emitted a luster resembling the light of dawn.
They mixed together, enveloping Groselle before turning into a Hurricane
of Light that swept outwards.
Silently, the layer of ice had a huge hole burned through it as it extended all
the way to the cave’s mouth. Groselle’s grayish-blue figure had vanished
from where he was.
Elvish Songster Siatas, who hadn’t had time to tie her head, held her bow
and arrows. Embraced by the swirling gales around her, she charged out the
cave without any delay. Dressed in an asymmetrical black coat, the
Solomon Empire Viscount Mobet Zoroast mumbled, “don’t be in a rush” or
“it’s finally here” as he ran, following closely behind Siatas.
The ascetic, Snowman, stood up as well. He tapped his chest four times as
though he was forming the shape of a cross.
“May the Lord bless me!”
Amidst his hoarse and dry voice, he stepped onto the biting cold ice with
his bare feet and ran out of the cave.
Klein didn’t hesitate either. He didn’t draw his revolver, and he kept his
hands empty. Together with Anderson, who was clenching Death
Brachydont tightly, they ran into the hole in the ice.
Dressed in a shirt with complicated patterns, Edwina Edwards looked at
Danitz, who was trembling due to the aura of the high-level entity. She said
with a gentle, but emotionless tone, “Stay here.”
Having said that, the look in her blue eyes deepened. Gales howled around
her, pushing her out of the cave.
Stay here… Danitz was stunned. He subconsciously surveyed his
surroundings and saw the walls covered in frost and the completely
extinguished bonfire.
The cave was silent with him being the only one left.
Danitz’s trembling body slowly came to a stop as he turned agape.
However, he didn’t say a word as he saw his captain’s figure disappear from
the cave’s entrance.
Outside the cave, Frunziar Edward, who had just rolled to avoid the first
series of attacks, saw Ulyssan spread its wings as it was about to leap into
the sky, closing the distance between it and his party. He ensured his safety
as he steadied his figure and pushed his left palm out diagonally.
Immediately following that, he declared a statement in ancient Hermes:
“Flying is prohibited here!”
Suddenly, the frost dragon’s wings that blotted out the sky seemed to be
weighed down by invisible objects weighing a hundred times its body
weight. It began flapping them with great difficulty.
The King of the North immediately let out a furious roar as the loud sonic
boom drilled into Frunziar’s ears, making his stagger.
With a whoosh, the pair of wings finally managed to flap, stirring up the
snow and frost around it into the air.
Although it was difficult on Ulyssan’s part, it eventually managed to fly.
At that moment, Disciplinary Paladin Frunziar’s expression turned solemn.
He said a sentence constructed in ancient Hermes once again: “Violators
will be punished!”
Just as he said that, his figure leaped up at a speed which was faster than
Ulyssan, as though he had been augmented by some unknown power.
Ding!
Frunziar extended his body in midair as he brandished the iron-black sword
in hand, striking down at the King of the North’s neck with his posture
speaking great certainty of a hit.
A clear crack appeared on the crystalline armor plates as it spread slightly;
however, this failed to make Ulyssan bleed.
The frost dragon didn’t even feel the pain as its eerie-blue eyes locked onto
Frunziar, its expression cruel and tyrannical.
It then lifted up its front claws while Frunziar remained in midair without
any means of dodging.
At that critical moment, a hurricane blew over, pushing the black-armored
Disciplinary Paladin away, causing Ulyssan’s strike to swipe at air. Its strike
caused an explosive boom despite the miss.
Elvish Songster Siatas didn’t hesitate to take action once she rushed out the
cave, saving Frunziar immediately.
Immediately following that, her hair flared up in violation of the laws of
nature. They were distinct with swirling lightning bolts.
She aimed her arrow at the large but slow, flying target in the sky, King of
the North, before firmly pulling back the arrow.
The sky turned dark, as though dark clouds had gathered as lightning
bounced through them.
Unable to fly smoothly due to the Disciplinary Paladin’s influence, Ulyssan
suddenly pulled back its wings, swooping down at Siatas like a high-speed
train.
At that moment, a grayish-blue figure that left one feeling safe had
appeared in front of the King of the North’s trajectory!
Groselle genuflected once again, plunging the broadsword, which was
unusable by human hands, in front of himself.
Dawn-like light surfaced, forming an invisible, impenetrable wall.
Boom!
The collision between the frost dragon and Groselle was like a terrifying
explosion. It shattered the layers of ice around them, pushing them
outwards.
Groselle failed to keep his footing firm as he flew out like a ball, tumbling
past Siatas before slamming loudly into the mountain wall. A huge amount
of snow and ice stalactites crashed from above, nearly causing an
avalanche.
As for Ulyssan, it wasn’t sent retreating. It remained standing in its original
spot.
Having had its swooping attack interrupted, its hind legs were in the ground
as its body leaned forward. It shook its neck before aiming its open mouth
at Siatas.
The Solomon Empire’s noble, Mobet Zoroast, had long arrived beside
Siatas. Upon seeing this, he hurriedly extended his right hand and rapidly
turned his wrist.
Ulyssan forgot what it was doing despite having its mouth completely open.
It stood there in a daze without continuing its attack. Suddenly, Mobet
turned his head and spit to the side.
“Pui!”
The spit was ordinary without any special traits to it.
Seizing this opportunity, Snowman, the ascetic who came out, raised his
arms as though he was embracing god’s grace.
Then, he said to the Elvish Songster in ancient Hermes, “God says it’s
effective!”
With a sizzling sound, the flashes of lightning surrounding Siatas
brightened greatly as they surged out, entangling with the arrow.
She released her grip as an arrow shot out.
Boom!
Dark clouds gathered in the air as a thick bolt of lightning smote down,
augmenting that arrow.
The arrow turned completely silver, as though it was shot from the god of
lightning. It struck Ulyssan’s forehead at a completely unavoidable speed.
Layers of ice disappeared as the illusory armor plating cracked. The arrow
stabbed into the King of the North’s head, making it let out a deafening cry.
Light blue blood gushed out and quickly froze as the frost dragon’s ugly
face shook violently as silver bolts zapped at it.
At that moment, Klein and Anderson came out of the cave. Disciplinary
Paladin Frunziar had tumbled onto the ground before standing up again.
Groselle extended his palms from the snow pile, rubbing his head. He didn’t
appear seriously injured.
With so many teammates, I don’t have to be the main assault force. I can
attempt to control Ulyssan’s Spirit Body Threads… From my observations,
it doesn’t seem to have the defensive abilities of a demigod. Of course, it’s
much stronger than a Sequence 5… A five-meter radius is a little
dangerous… Klein looked at the frost dragon as he quickly had an idea.