Chapter 253

: Night Thoughts
She really has… quite the character! Klein smiled in response to Miss
Bodyguard’s reply—a very obvious smile.
Yes, to be able to fend off Rosago, a Nimblewright Master, for a short
period of time to the extent of having a seesaw battle; she’s most likely a
Sequence 5 Beyonder. I wonder what Sequence pathway she belongs to and
what her potion name is. Her state is rather unique… If it weren’t for her, I
wouldn’t have even had the chance to use the Language of Foulness…
Klein picked up the newspaper beside him and pretended to read, but he
was actually thinking.
However, he quickly turned his attention back to the issue of whether there
were still loopholes on the matter. For example, the contaminated Beyonder
characteristic left behind by Rosago had an intense luster of spirituality. It
was very likely that it couldn’t be concealed by the iron cigarette case
alone, so it would be exposed under the prying eyes of others using Spirit
Vision.
Klein secretly activated his Spirit Vision and looked down at his pocket. He
could see faint colorful lusters emanating from within the iron cigarette
case, but it wasn’t obvious and was rather thin.
This was mixed with the color of his own aura, making it difficult to
distinguish or detect it.
That’s right. Only a High-Sequence Beyonder can identify it through two
levels of interference… No wonder all kinds of materials like herbal
powders and the corresponding essential oil extracts are kept in metal
bottles and not wooden vessels. It’s because they contain spirituality, and
those with better Spirit Vision can see through wood and see the color of the
auras… Klein suddenly understood some of the important details in
mysticism.
In the past, he did things according to the rules without considering the
reasons behind them, but now, he understood the underlying reason behind
the rules.
After repeatedly checking and ensuring that everything was in order, Klein
put down the newspapers and walked to the second floor.
He had originally planned to take off his clothes and take a bath to
completely relax himself, but when he thought of how Miss Bodyguard
could appear out of nowhere in his house, he felt a little uneasy. Therefore,
he only washed his face, brushed his teeth, and soaked his feet in hot water.
Returning to his bedroom and taking off his coat, Klein hid his belongings
before he collapsed onto the bed. As he was exhausted and had held on for
quite a while, he ended up with tense nerves that prevented him from
quickly falling asleep.
Opening his eyes to look at the crimson moonlight on the ceiling, Klein
didn’t attempt to sleep with the help of Cogitation. Instead, he aimlessly
unfurled his thoughts, as if he were riding a horse without pulling at the
reins.
As his thoughts wandered, he quickly noticed a problem having
encountered too many coincidences in Tingen City and later learning how it
was related to Sealed Artifact 0-08.
My second case after arriving at Backlund allowed me to get the next three
potions formulas. Is that too much of a coincidence?
Although this is in line with the revelation from my divination—”Backlund
contains the opportunities for me to become powerful.” Isn’t it too fast and
simple?
Simple doesn’t refer to the difficulty, but rather to the degree of twists and
turns in the matter. This matter was very difficult and dangerous, but it
wasn’t complex and appeared simple.
According to my expectations, I would’ve gathered information regarding
the Secret Order through Miss Justice, Mr. Hanged Man, and Miss Xio and
her companion, and then I would catch the tail of this ancient organization.
After numerous twists and turns, I would eventually obtain the formulas and
that would have taken at least three months. Who knew that I would’ve
succeeded in less than three weeks…
It can’t be that it was arranged by someone again, right?
Yes… Let me think through the circumstances again. It’s no coincidence that
the Intis Republic is related to the Secret Order. Emperor Roselle’s diary
has confirmed this circumstantially.
The abilities of the Seer and Faceless are very suited for an intelligence
organization. For a Mid-Sequence Beyonder of a similar pathway to
become the assistant of an intelligence tsar like Bakerland is reasonable
and normal. That’s not a coincidence.
The reason that the ambassador sent someone to take revenge on me likely
has to do with him wanting to divert attention. Then, sending Rosago, who
can most easily succeed and escape, is a choice with reduced risk. That’s
not surprising at all.
It was quite normal for Ian to look for new detectives in the papers after
none of the detectives he knew were willing to accept his mission of
tracking down Zreal. There weren’t many new detectives advertising on the
papers at the time, and I was probably the only one. Well, I was the only
one on the Backlund Bulletin…
Just like what I’ve concluded previously, the problem with Meursault was
that he was too rash, and I was worried that it’s not easy to disguise myself
usually as it can end up attracting more attention. Therefore, I didn’t try to
disguise myself. Although these two possibilities, especially the former, has
the probability of being influenced, it does match the corresponding
person’s personality, mentality, and origins.
And this isn’t the main point. This doesn’t explain the problem of how my
second case ended up involving a Mid-Sequence Beyonder of the Seer
pathway.
It was destined by fate? That doesn’t feel right.
Thinking ahead, after I transmigrated, the first and second case I found
myself embroiled in was related to the Seer pathway. Of course, it could be
explained as an arrangement by 0-08.
Right, the Antigonus family’s notebook even corrupted the Misfortune Cloth
Puppet and showed me the complicated vertical eye symbol that involves
the Antigonus family’s treasure. The reason I came up with back then was
that with the termination of the Antigonus family’s bloodline, it viewed me,
a Seer who had survived despite having interacted with it, as its inheritor.
Now that I think about it, this reason is extremely trifling. What if I’m a
devout believer of the Evernight Goddess? However, I only made a guess at
that time and didn’t confirm it.
The Antigonus family’s treasure is obviously related to the Seer pathway.
Thinking deeper, why did I transmigrate? Why did I happen to possess
Klein’s body, and not anyone else… Back then, Klein had just proceeded
with dark divination and was made to commit suicide by the Antigonus
family’s notebook. And that notebook is clearly related to the Seer pathway.
In addition, the first time I saw Roselle’s diary, it had content that involved
his regret of not choosing Apprentice, Marauder, or Seer. That was very
coincidental.
From beginning to end, except for those parts involving 0-08, everything
appeared to be in a mess. It doesn’t seem like a conscious arrangement, but
more like a kind of passive attraction, a mutual attraction, an attraction
that has breaks between them.
I attract things and items regarding the Seer pathway, and at the same time,
I’m attracted to them?
It does seem odd thinking about it. This kind of attraction even directly
influences fate, preventing even Mr. Azik from seeing through it?
Is there some strange characteristic to me?
And this characteristic allows me to resurrect a limited number of times?
With this in mind, Klein suddenly had the impulse to go above the gray fog
to perform a divination and confirm his ideas.
But he quickly rejected this idea, not only because Miss Bodyguard might
be watching in the mirror, but also because he believed that his greatest
characteristic was the mysterious space above the gray fog!
Therefore, it was obviously impossible for him to have an answer if he were
to use it to divine about it.
At least for now, there aren’t any obvious signs of manipulation. It would be
acceptable if it’s just pure attraction… And I’ve already chosen a Beyonder
pathway, that cannot be changed until Sequence 4, so I can only take things
one step at a time… Right, I should be firm about not heading to the
Hornacis mountain range to seek out the Antigonus family’s treasure… Heh
heh, I have a feeling that I would say how nice it is in the future when I
actually do it… Klein silently made a self-deprecating remark as he felt his
exhaustion gradually wash over him. His eyelids couldn’t help but close.
The last thought before he fell asleep was:
I should participate in more Beyonder gatherings and gather the
corresponding Beyonder ingredients for Magician through Miss Justice, Mr.
Hanged Man, and The Sun. I wouldn’t reject anything for Faceless if they
were available. In addition, I should obtain mystical items that have less
severe negative effects. Before my digestion and increase in strength, it’s
best to have more life-preservation abilities… Apart from this, investing,
taking on jobs, saving up money, and attempts to look for Lanevus to use
him as the starting point for my revenge, can also be considered a form of
practice…
Those were Klein’s future plans.
At seven in the morning, he woke up as usual. It was still gloomy and hazy
outside.
Klein got up and walked to the door. As he passed by the full-length mirror,
he saw that Miss Bodyguard had suddenly appeared.
She wore the same black bonnet, her face was as pale as ever. Her voice
pierced through the glass and slipped into Klein’s ear in an ethereal fashion.
“Someone from MI9 came last night.”
Eh… I should say as expected, the “police” came late, but I still have to
thank them for being late… Klein smiled and asked, “They didn’t find
anything, right?”
In regards to the answer, he was very certain that if MI9 had discovered
something, he wouldn’t have been able to sleep undisturbed.
“No.” Miss Bodyguard’s figure faded and disappeared into the mirror.
This ability of hers is very powerful… Even Spirit Vision can’t detect her…
Perhaps, she can be seen with Rosago’s Beyonder characteristic? Find
Miss Bodyguard through those hidden threads? Klein’s mind stirred as he
returned to the bed and took out the iron cigarette case from under his
pillow.
Just as he touched it, before he could even open it, a bone-piercing cold
rushed at his neck. He felt his hairs stand on end, and his entire body
trembled.
Pow!
His hand loosened and the iron cigarette case fell to the ground.
This is a warning from Miss Bodyguard… Klein laughed dryly, pretending
as though nothing had happened as he stuffed the iron cigarette case into his
pocket.
After washing up and putting on his clothes, he arrived at the first floor and
took out the newspapers that he had subscribed to from his letterbox.
Flipping open the Tussock Times, Klein saw the headline:
“Intis Ambassador to Backlund murdered! Terrorist organization, the
Aurora Order, claims responsibility!”
The result is out so quickly? Besides, the Aurora Order had only accepted a
job, so why would they claim responsibility? Yes… A terrorist organization
needs to show off their stature and build up their image. Only then would
they be able to attract enough fresh blood. This complements their secret
preachings… Mr. A is very good. He should be a Shepherd. Klein stood in
the hallway, reading the news.
According to the news, there was evidence of the Aurora Order’s assault on
Ambassador Bakerland. In the follow-up investigation, they found a letter
deliberately left behind by the Aurora Order which claimed responsibility
for it.
At the end of the news, the reporter briefly introduced the Aurora Order and
listed some of the illegal crimes that they had committed. Their fame
instantly surpassed most of the secret organizations.
Regardless, this matter had come to an end… Klein exhaled, turned his
head to look out the window, and he saw a thin mist filling the air as a
drizzle began pattering down.
Shouldn’t there be bright sunshine and sunny weather during such
moments? Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh.
And now, he had to go out to catch some adulterers.