Chapter 961

: Warning By Informing
“Adam is one step closer to being divine.”
Such a simple sentence instantly sent tumultuous waves through every
member of the Tarot Club.
Other than Leonard, the other members, including Xio, who had been
briefed of the important points by The Magician, immediately recalled the
information regarding Adam.
Ancient sun god, City of Silver’s Creator’s son, brother of Blasphemer
Amon. Suspected to be one of the eight Kings of Angels!
And this mythical figure, who had existed before the Cataclysm, had
become active in the real world once again. And “He” was one step closer
to being divine!
This… To make Mr. Fool sigh, it means that Adam is probably just one step
short of reaching the divine throne, Sequence 0. There’s a chance that “He”
might make that step at any moment. Alger subconsciously came to a
conclusion as he hurriedly clasped his hands and couldn’t help but have
thoughts run through his mind.
A Sequence o true god is about to be born!
There are still births of true gods in the Fifth Epoch?
This will be the first true god this Epoch?
With deities no longer able to descend upon the real world, it’s unbelievable
that a Sequence o would still appear!
Alger always found himself ambitious, with him now setting his sights on
Sequence 2, to become an angel. But after hearing about Adam, he still
found it unacceptable.
One had to know that the last one to become a Sequence o true god was the
former God of Craftsmanship, the present God of Steam and Machinery.
And that happened in the late Fourth Epoch.
Since the Fifth Epoch, over thirteen hundred years, there hadn’t been any
new existence reaching the divine throne!
It’s no wonder Mr. Fool said that the times will change as a result… Amidst
Cattleya’s scattered thoughts, she suddenly came to a realization as though
she could see the waves that marked the end of an Epoch flooding over.
Having already gathered the ingredients and being in the process of making
preparations for the Sequence 4 ritual, she believed she had the chance of
attaining divinity in the near future to change her existence. She was still
reeling in joy, anticipation, and unease. But at this moment, she suddenly
felt a baffling sense of horror. All she wanted was to communicate with
Queen Mystic face to face to confirm the future.
Fors, Xio, and the other members had a myriad of reactions. On the one
hand, they were shocked that Adam was attempting to achieve divinity,
never expecting such a matter to happen in the Fifth Epoch. On the other
hand, they were worried for their present life. After all, be it Emlyn from
the Sanguine, or Audrey who lived amongst the Loen Kingdom’s upper-
class, all of them lived in the Fifth Epoch, living in a situation which had
more than a thousand years of history setting the foundation. They didn’t
dare have any sacrilegious thoughts towards true gods. Even when facing
evil gods like the True Creator, they still felt a deep sense of fear and awe,
acknowledging “Their” level and loftiness. Therefore, they couldn’t believe
that a god would soon appear. They couldn’t imagine what would happen
next.
In their eyes, The Fool was a reawakened ancient god, an existence who
originally sat at the throne of Sequence o.
One step closer to being divine… Becoming a god… Derrick was mostly
excited, as though he could see hope and have a target to strive for.
To him, only a Sequence o could save the City of Silver!
Adam? Becoming a god… Although Leonard didn’t know who Adam was,
just the simple words of being “one step closer to being divine” was easy to
understand.
He connected it to that ordinary priest who had appeared after the battle
ended and had picked up 0-08 in front of Klein.
That’s Adam? Or a subordinate of Adam? No, 0-08 is a Grade o Sealed
Artifact. Only Adam, who’s very close to the divine throne, can do it
personally with great certainty… It’s no wonder the battle with Ince
Zangwill was easier than I expected. I thought the best outcome would be
me and Klein dragging Ince Zangwill into hell together… Who’s Adam?
Why haven’t I heard of “Him”… Perhaps a result of being parasitized by an
angel, allowing him to know some of the secrets and developments of the
Fourth Epoch, Leonard had a deeper understanding of Adam’s path to being
divine. The impact he felt wasn’t too great, with most of his feelings
puzzlement and curiosity over Adam’s true identity.
And at this moment, The Fool didn’t speak again or give further
explanations. It was as though he was simply warning the members to make
preparations for the change of the times.
Amidst the confusion and wandering thoughts, The World Gehrman
Sparrow glanced at The Star Leonard and simply said, “Adam is the son of
the ancient sun god, Blasphemer Amon’s brother.”
Leonard immediately jumped in fright and failed to control his expression.
He had a deep impression of Amon, and he had a deep trauma for Amon
because of Old Man’s descriptions. And Adam was Amon’s brother, so it
was very possible that the level of horror was likely the same between the
two brothers!
The World ignored The Star’s reaction and continued, “It can be confirmed
now that Adam is one of the eight Kings of Angels, titled ‘Angel of
Imagination.’ ‘He’ is ranked on par with Angel of Time Amon.
“The reason for ‘Him’ targeting Ince Zangwill is to obtain 0-08 to make up
any shortfalls for ‘His’ path to being divine. And ‘His’ plan succeeded.”
Angel of Imagination… Adam is a King of Angels from the Spectator
pathway? Audrey instantly connected this to the Dragon King Ankewelt’s
title, Dragon of Imagination!
And she had long known that mind dragons represented the Spectator
pathway.
As for Leonard, another comprehension obstacle appeared before him. He
had been stumped by the concept of a King of Angels, but he was too
embarrassed to ask. He had planned on seeking Old Man’s help when “He”
awakened.
Alger pondered over Gehrman Sparrow’s words as his expression turned
slightly odd. He probed, “You seem to have witnessed the matter?”
Just as he said that, all of them heard a familiar, hoarse laughter.
After Gehrman Sparrow finished laughing, he looked at The Star and said
as though it was nothing, “The murder of Ince Zangwill was committed by
me and my partner.”
“…” Cattleya’s mind instantly went blank.
She could accept that Gehrman Sparrow could easily finish off Admiral
Hell, but she couldn’t imagine that he would one day kill a real Sequence 4
demigod!
Cattleya quickly calmed down because, with a King of Angels involved in
the battle, it was possible that a Sequence 5 could kill off a heavily injured
demigod due to various coincidences. Furthermore, he had a partner.
Audrey “read” confidence from The World’s tone. She couldn’t help but ask
out of curiosity, “Mr. World, have you already become a demigod?”
The World didn’t give a direct answer as he chuckled.
“In the future, all of you can entrust matters involving demigods to me.”
Every member present figured out the meaning in between the lines.
He had become a genuine Sequence 4 demigod. Furthermore, he was the
kind who had the ability to kill peers at his level!
At that instant, Cattleya became abnormally calm. She tried hard to recall
everything that she had seen and heard regarding Gehrman Sparrow. She
was very certain that he was only a Sequence 6 before the visit to the ruins
of the battlefield of gods. He relied on the glove to match a Sequence 5.
As for Gehrman Sparrow’s search for mermaids without hunting any of
them, it implied that it was a requirement of a ritual. This meant that he had
indeed advanced to Sequence 5 back then. His various performances after
that proved this point.
Today, it had only been about three months since Gehrman Sparrow stepped
into the ruins of the battlefield of the gods, but he had already advanced to
Sequence 4, becoming a demigod existence. This overturned Cattleya’s
understanding of the world.
She wasn’t too old, with her age being less than thirty. But to reach
Sequence 5 and gain the title of Admiral of Stars, it took her about seven to
eight years. It was only in the past one or two years did she have the
confidence to attempt to breach the gate to become a demigod. With her
starting to make preparations, she believed she was already far ahead of the
pack.
Mr. World is impressive! He became a demigod so quickly! Derrick
sincerely felt joy. His idolization for Mr. World grew more intense as he
hoped that he could be like him, becoming a demigod at the fastest speed
possible.
Audrey was both alarmed and delighted. Following that, she gained an
understanding towards the abnormality in Gehrman Sparrow’s mental state.
From the looks of it, his low spirits, gloomy, and depressed feelings
happened after he became a demigod. These are the negative effects
accumulated from potions. It’s just like how I nearly lost control when I
became a Psychiatrist…
Also, after becoming a Sequence 4 and gaining godhood, he could naturally
penetrate more of reality. He then realized that he had been sleeping for a
very long time. His family had passed away, making him lose his goals…
How pitiful. With his warm nature, he must’ve had deep feelings for his
family and friends…
However, I’m so envious. Does being Mr. Fool’s Blessed make one advance
so quickly… I also wish to become a demigod early. Mr. Fool’s mention
that “the times have changed as a result” leaves me fretting…
While Emlyn and the other members were still in shock, Alger, who also
shared the same feelings and felt deep envy and jealousy towards Gehrman
Sparrow, had other thoughts.
As Mr. Fool’s Blessed, Gehrman Sparrow’s embroilment with this King of
Angels and 0-08 matter clearly isn’t an accident…
On the contrary, it might be more reasonable that it’s a mutual plan between
Angel of Imagination Adam and Mr. Fool. That will explain it!
Two mythical figures that existed before the Cataclysm. One is awakening,
and the other is making an advancement, the two secretly coming together!
Amidst his thoughts, Alger had another idea:
Since Adam had obtained 0-08 and opened the door to the divine throne,
what about Mr. Fool? What benefit did “He” get in this matter?
Subconsciously, Alger turned his body and slightly bowed his head to look
at the seat of honor.
He didn’t dare look directly, and could only look through the corner of his
eye.