Chapter 1036

: Expected Development
“In other words, the second Blasphemy Slate’s creator was the ancient sun
god?”
“Towards this question, Mr. Door answered with almost certainty. ‘He’ told
me that the ancient sun god’s fall resulted in the birth of the Blasphemy
Slate.
“Does that mean that it’s considered a key relic of the ancient sun god?
“Then, who was the one who created the first Blasphemy Slate? The
original Creator who truly created everything? And what were the
additional pieces of knowledge that appeared on the second Blasphemy
Slate?
“Mr. Door didn’t answer, only saying that it involves too many secrets. It
cannot be explained in just a few words. If ‘He’ were to return to the real
world, ‘He’ would be able to tell me in detail.
“Heh, do you think I’ll fall for it?
“As the Blasphemy Slate was mentioned, I recalled two questions that had
been bothering me since a long time ago. What does it mean to be the trend
of the times? Who defines the trend of the times?
“Mr. Door’s reaction was very odd. ‘He’ laughed for nearly twenty seconds
before telling me, be careful of the ‘Spectator.’
“What has this got to do with my question?
“With ‘His’ reminder, I carefully recalled the contents of the second
Blasphemy Slate and discovered an unusual problem. As a Beyonder of the
Savant pathway, my memory is something I can be proud of due to my
eidetic memory. However, I only recalled that Sequence o of the Spectator
pathway is Visionary, but I have no impression of its ritual to become a
god!
“I can clearly remember all the rituals for the other twenty-one pathways,
but this is the only one where, not only do I lack an impression of, I have
even subconsciously neglected it.
“I tried asking Mr. Door what the ritual is for becoming a god for the
Spectator pathway.
“Mr. Door laughed and said with a teasing and leisurely tone, ‘didn’t you
already say it?’
“This… The ritual for a Spectator to become a god is to make the
development of the times to be in line with one’s expectations. Then,
consume the potion for their advancement when it’s at a certain time node
in that trend?
“I believe that’s the truth!
“Compared to ‘the times is part of the original Creator; only when the times
develop according to a certain expectation can ‘He’ draw energy from it and
revive,’ this seems more objective. Heh, I knew that among the founders of
that ancient secret organization, there had to be someone with their plans
apart from the zealots!
“On careful thought, this is really quite a terrifying matter. It’s fine when
stuck in the Low- and Mid-Beyonder levels, but once someone is of a high
standing, they might suffer an unknown and sudden destruction simply
because their particular thoughts, ideas, or matters that they would like to
push forward disagrees with a particular existence’s expectations…
“Be careful of the ‘Spectator’!
“I’m very curious how Mr. Door knows what’s on the second Blasphemy
Slate, as well as the various rituals needed to become a god. ‘His’ answer
was that ‘He’ had seen the complete second Blasphemy Slate, and with
‘Him’ were Solomon, Zaratul, Tudor, Trunsoest, Augustus, Einhorn,
Sauron, Castiya, Zoroast, Stiano, Constantine, and company… These were
families who reigned over all the Beyonders in the Fourth Epoch!”
The secrets contained in this diary page made Klein feel as though he was
facing a Mythical Creature’s form, embroiling his mind in a storm of
knowledge.
The Spectator’s ritual to become a god is to make the times develop
according to one’s imagination? If that’s the case, Adam has been
subconsciously preparing for this since the beginning of the Fourth
Epoch… So the secret that King George III is hiding, and the possible
developments, are in line with “His” expectations, to the point of “Him”
giving a helping hand? Once the tide of the times come rushing in, with
things not being capable of changing in short time spans, “He” will be able
to become a god?
In that case, engaging in a deep investigation of the Great Smog is
abnormally dangerous. Even if I’m currently a Blessed of the Goddess,
having an official Beyonder’s background and being able to cooperate with
angels anytime, my safety can’t be guaranteed. After all, the Goddess isn’t
able to descend for quite some time… Amidst his thoughts, Klein suddenly
had the intention of cowering back.
If this were in the past, he could relax after reporting the matter to the
Church of Evernight and even leave Backlund for a vacation. But now, as a
Blessed of the Goddess, he had already promised to seek out Hvin Rambis
and Saintess of White Katarina, making it very difficult for him to escape.
It was truly a case of “you win some, you lose some.”
Furthermore, Klein didn’t know how Adam wished for the times to develop.
If a Great Smog of Backlund happened again, he really had no way of
extricating himself. There were people he cared about, and he yearned for
peace.
At the very least, I have to know what the king’s secret is before deciding
what to do… On the second Blasphemy Slate, apart from the Beyonder
pathways and Sequence potion, what are the secrets it has? Klein retracted
his gaze and made Roselle’s diary page vanish.
Then, he looked around with a calm expression and said with a smile, “You
may begin.”
At this moment, Audrey didn’t hide her curiosity. She raised her hand
slightly and asked, “Honorable Mr. Fool, is there any special meaning to the
cross beside your hand?
“If the answer requires an equivalent exchange, you can directly make the
request.”
Klein placed the Unshadowed Crucifix on the table precisely because he
wanted the Tarot Club members to ask. He could then use this opportunity
to inform Little Sun and The Hanged Man, who might have a chance of
using the cross, of the news. After all, such matters were beneath Mr. Fool
to expect him to raise them.
Therefore, he smiled at Miss Justice.
“This question is nothing.
“It’s something left behind by the sun god of ancient times.”
Sun god of ancient times… Ancient sun god? The Creator that the City of
Silver believes in? T-this cross actually has such origins? A captain of the
royal guards who’s just a Sequence 5 or 6 actually had a relic of the ancient
sun god on him? Isn’t that too much a coincidence? Fors couldn’t believe
her ears when she heard Mr. Fool’s answer.
At this moment, The Fool Klein mentioned in passing, “Its level isn’t too
high, corresponding to an Unshadowed. It’s greatest use is to eliminate the
mental corruption of Beyonder characteristics and help people who have
consumed excessive potions to expel the excess characteristics. It will allow
those who do not wish to remain in the mysterious world to return to
normalcy.”
This power is rather fascinating… It’s no wonder Mr. World once asked me
if given a chance, will I be willing to completely leave the mysterious
world… Audrey felt that her curiosity was satisfied.
Strange… It really is an item that makes me uncomfortable… Emlyn made
a judgment as he looked to the side at The Sun.
Derrick was surprised and delighted, having a feeling that he had his dream
fulfilled.
His dream was to free all the residents of the City of Silver from the curse
and return under the Sun, and not constantly suffer the madness, pain, and
torture.
And if such a dream could be fulfilled by the relic inherited from the
ancient sun god—the Creator who the City of Silver believed in-it would
truly appear to be destiny and inevitable.
He spoke before The Hanged Man.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, can I find a way to trade for this item?”
“As long as you pay a sufficient price,” Klein said with a slight nod.
…Mr. Fool really is the best, the greatest! Derrick praised from the bottom
of his heart.
As long as a sufficient price is paid… Alger gained inspiration from Miss
Magician’s rental of the notebook and hurriedly asked, “Honorable Mr.
Fool, is it possible to rent the cross for a day or a few hours for a fixed
price?”
He currently didn’t have any plans on renting it. As his Wind-blessed potion
had digested relatively quickly, he planned on considering the problem of
purging the excess characteristic after he consumed the additional Ocean
Songster potion.
“Yes,” The Fool Klein answered simply.
It can be rented? The Star Leonard had benefited quite significantly from
borrowing Leymano’s Travels previously. After he heard Mr. Fool’s answer,
he focused, seriously thinking if he had any need for the ancient sun god’s
relic.
A few seconds later, he realized that he didn’t have such a need.
Not only was the Sun pathway good against wraiths and specters, the
Evernight pathway was good at it too!
Furthermore, when he returned from Tingen to Backlund, he had already
obtained four Flaring Sun Charms, planning to give half of them to Klein
who had provided him the information, keeping the other half for himself.
As for purging the excessive Beyonder characteristics and leaving the
mysterious world, he didn’t need it. He was about to hold the ritual to
become a Spirit Warlock!
At this moment, Fors glanced at Xio and felt pangs of regret.
She wasn’t regretting them sacrificing the cross to Mr. Fool, but rather that
she didn’t attempt to use her powers or Leymano’s Travels to “Record” the
corresponding powers before sacrificing it.
Of course, this was mainly because she was rather timid. Without being
able to use an Astrologer’s means to determine the cross’s uses and effects,
she didn’t dare to rashly make attempts.
After all, I can still rent it from Mr. Fool in the future… She tried hard to
cheer up.
Noticing no further requests, The Fool Klein retracted his grace, gesturing
to the Tarot Club members to begin the transactions and discussions.
In fact, the Unshadowed Crucifix had someone who potentially needed it. It
was the Fog Sea’s Strongest Hunter Anderson. This fellow had undergone
various experiments after boarding the Golden Dream under Vice Admiral
Iceberg’s arrangements, doing so in a bid to digest the alien object inside
him. There was already a certain level of success, but it wasn’t enough to
completely eliminate the latent problems.
Upon thinking of this, Klein silently mumbled, I’ll get Danitz to ask later…
At this moment, Audrey raised a request for a transaction.
“Ladies and gentlemen, which one of you has a Dreamcatcher’s heart, mind
illusion crystal, or an adult mind dragon’s complete brain?”