Chapter 1168

My Anchors
In the blink of an eye, Amon saw the grayish-white fog and the ancient and
majestic palace above.
“He” just needed to reach out “His” hand and pass through the final
obstacle to truly touch Sefirah Castle and directly occupy the place and, in
essence, take it away.
But at that moment, a gigantic bluish-black palm suddenly appeared above
the Amon phantom, blocking “Him” from entering Sefirah Castle.
Amon’s projection subconsciously turned its head and looked in the
direction of the palm. It saw the pus-covered, one-eyed giant who had long
since died.
Bladel, who was known as the God of Glory, still didn’t show any signs of
life in “His” exaggerated vertical eye. The curse of the grayish-yellow fog
kept emanating from “His” body.
However, it was different from before. There were seemingly illusory black
tubes behind “His” back. They extended all the way into the infinite
distance, a mystery as to what they were connected to.
Boom!
The towering bluish-black giant instantly condensed a broadsword formed
from the orange-red light of dusk. Holding it in one hand, “He” cleaved
down at the side of the deep ravine where Amon’s body was.
This youngest son of the Giant King, the one who had died due to the curse,
suddenly unleashed an unimaginable power after roaming aimlessly for
thousands of years.
The “Twilight Sword” tore through the void and jumped out from the spot
where the Angel of Time, Amon, was standing. It ripped through everything
around it, turning into a storm that could destroy this desolate moor.
Amon didn’t move and remained standing there. No matter how the orange-
red “sword” storm raged, it didn’t harm “Him” at all.
“He” seemed to have used some sort of “error” in this world again.
However, in this state, Amon was no longer able to transmit “His” ravings
into Klein’s mind, allowing him to finally gain a sliver of peace.
Ignoring how he was about to lose control, he regained his clarity of mind
using the clear and real surroundings and the layers of prayer. Then, he
immediately resonated with the dark red “figure” sitting at The Fool’s seat
above the gray fog, and he established a new connection.
He didn’t hesitate to return to Sefirah Castle!
And at this moment, Amon’s phantom, which was attempting to infiltrate
above the gray fog, was obstructed by the bluish-black palm of the God of
Glory, Bladel. “He” wasn’t able to instantly break through the titanic
obstruction.
The monocled King of Angels, be it “His” avatar or true body, opened
“His” mouth and said a name, “Evernight.”
Yes, this was help coming from the Evernight Goddess, but it wasn’t
without reason!
Although Klein lacked confidence in this matter, he had always kept it as
one of his trump cards. He only believed that it might not be effective and
had a very low chance of success. It could only be used as a glimmer of
hope at his most desperate hour.
After entering the Forsaken Land of the Gods and obtaining some space to
think on his own, he worked hard to find “resources” available to him that
could be used. Then, he recalled something:
The matter of the former Chief of the City of Silver!
This Demon Hunter had attempted to switch to Sequence 3 Ferryman of the
Death pathway, but he ended up turning into a monster inside the
mausoleum he built.
This anomaly was related to illusory black tubes, and such a phenomenon
had been seen from the Numinous Sect’s Artificial Death.
In other words, the mutation of the former Chief of the City of Silver was
very likely related to Artificial Death.
This indirectly explained something—that for some unknown reason, those
that could influence the Forsaken Land of the Gods, other than the True
Creator, included Artificial Death who had come to “life” to a certain level.
And now, Artificial Death could be considered the Evernight Goddess in
some ways!
Based on this reasoning, Klein suspected that the Goddess could use the
Uniqueness of the Death pathway to exert a low level of influence to some
degree on certain things in the Forsaken Land of the Gods.
In addition, there were only three people involved in the matter regarding
the former Chief of the City of Silver. One of them was the current Chief,
Colin Iliad; the demigod Elder, Waite Chirmont, and Shepherd Elder, Lovia.
They were either Sequence 4 saints or an important believer of the True
Creator. It was impossible for them to be completely unaware that they had
been “parasitized” by Amon.
As for the only person who received feedback from the escapade, it was
Derrick Berg who was under The Fool’s watch. He wasn’t one of Amon’s
“Parasites” either.
In other words, Amon wasn’t aware of the former City of Silver Chief’s
abnormality involving the black illusory tubes. That was key.
Therefore, even if “He” was able to guess that the Evernight Goddess had
obtained the Uniqueness of the Death pathway, causing the God of Combat
to have an intense reaction, there was no way for “Him” to know that this
would bring about unforeseen developments to the Forsaken Land of the
Gods.
With this knowledge in mind, Klein consciously performed certain tasks,
despite not having much confidence.
In the city that believed in the phoenix, he didn’t take away the remaining
Death pathway’s Beyonder characteristics, hoping to leave a trail.
After summoning Zaratul’s historical projection, he didn’t seize the
opportunity to commit suicide immediately. On the one hand, he was afraid
that Amon would still have the ability to stop him and affect his other
arrangements; while on the other hand, he tried to use the summoning of the
Servant of Concealment Arianna’s projection to inform the Evernight
Goddess about the exact situation.
After completing these two matters, Klein had no idea what the final
outcome would be. He had mostly focused his attention on the fact that
Amon’s avatar had been replaced by “His” true body.
When he arrived at his final destination and saw the roaming angel’s corpse,
he had just thought of something when he was distracted by Amon’s
introduction. It took him only until now to realize that the Goddess had long
gained some rudimentary control of this Giant King’s youngest son through
the Death pathway’s Uniqueness. “She” had been patiently waiting for an
opportunity to use this cursed angel.
And the concealment forces that filled the Forsaken Land of the Gods
helped “Her” conceal the illusory black tubes very well.
Suddenly, in the ancient palace above the gray fog, at The Fool’s seat
situated at the end of the long, mottled table, the dark red figure that kept
warping and scattering took the form of the scholarly Klein with his black
hair and brown eyes.
With just a thought, Klein’s consciousness and Spirit Body had returned to
Sefirah Castle!
Following that, he used the close connection between his body and Sefirah
Castle, together with the prayers of the Tarot Club members, to amplify the
resonance effect. He then saw himself—glazed eyes, on the brink of losing
control. He saw Amon’s projection which had circled around the bluish-
black palm using an “error.”
The monocled Amon raised “His” head, making eye contact with Klein,
who was seated at The Fool’s seat.
Klein beckoned for the Sea God Scepter and raised it.
The entire gray fog boiled as the entirety of Sefirah Castle quaked.
A vast amount of terrifying power gathered over, transforming into a torrent
of lightning. The blue gems that lit up at the same time sent an illuminating
light that surged down like a torrent, drowning Amon’s avatars and his own
body.
A deep rumble of thunder echoed as the terrifying silver lightning tore
everything it enveloped apart.
Amon’s projection disintegrated, and Klein’s body was destroyed.
He had finally succeeded in committing suicide.
After completing this attack, Klein, who was high above the gray fog,
immediately cut off the connection between Sefirah Castle and the real
world, so as to prevent Amon’s true body from creating any new accidents.
Right on the heels of that, he began to wait for the “miracle” and waited for
his “resurrection.”
Beside the deep ravine which had grayish-white buildings at the bottom,
Amon’s true body adjusted the crystal monocle, stealing the curse that kept
Bladel “existing.”
The bluish-black giant immediately began to rot, quickly being reduced to
bones. The illusory black tubes didn’t persist, and they instead shrank back
into the depths of the darkness.
Dressed in a pointed hat and a classic black robe, Amon stood there. “He”
raised “His” head and looked into the sky silently for a few seconds, as
though he was looking at Sefirah Castle through the fog of history.
Finally, “He” pinched the crystal monocle and muttered to “Himself” as the
corners of “His” mouth curled up.
“Interesting.”
…
In the ancient palace, at the end of the long, mottled table, Klein sat at the
seat belonging to The Fool. He carefully looked down at the grayish-white
fog.
He discovered that the Beyonder characteristics that had been destroyed
with his body had unknowingly entered the Historical Void. It fused with
the Worms of Spirit from the past, turning them corporeal.
As long as Klein willed it from Sefirah Castle, these Worms of Spirit would
immediately be able to escape the fog of history and reform his body in the
real world.
The miracle of “resurrection” was essentially a deeper use of one’s strength
from the past.
“Miracles” happen using the past and future? Klein frowned slightly as he
attempted to analyze how the “Miracle” in Miracle Invoker came about.
After thinking for a few seconds, he quickly pulled his attention back and
attempted to revive himself in Sefirah Castle. Then, he discovered a
problem:
His body could only be revived in the real world. Furthermore, it had to be
within a certain range of his remains. As for his Spirit Body, it could be
reborn above the gray fog, but Klein’s Spirit Body hadn’t been destroyed—
it was sitting on the high-back chair of The Fool.
Obtaining help from the past works. The number of resurrections I’m using
now is depleting the number I’ll have after I become a Miracle Invoker…
From the looks of it, there’s only one chance now. Tsk… Amon should be
guarding my “corpse” now. I have to think of a way to get out of this
predicament…”His” sense of time is different from a human’s. He’s a very
patient God of Mischief… Yes, my current state can only be maintained for
three days. After that period of time, I won’t be able to borrow powers from
the past to resurrect… If it really doesn’t work, I’ll just abandon my body
and become an undead! Klein’s mind raced. Although he was somewhat
vexed, he was in his most relaxed state over the past few days.
He finally got out of that nearly hopeless situation.
He looked at the high-back chairs that had symbols light up on their backs,
as well as the burgeoning and contracting dark red stars. Klein exhaled and
relaxed as he leaned back into his chair. He couldn’t help but reveal a smile.
“These are my anchors.”
Author’s Note: This arc has finally come to an end. The whole story’s
origins was when I was reading the Cthulhu myth. When I saw the line
about the stars being right, I suddenly thought of this: We often say that
Cthulhu will awaken soon, but what happens if Cthulhu has already
awakened…? For those who don’t know much about Cthulhu, it doesn’t
matter. Just treat this name as an evil god. After all, the corresponding
deities were completely reconstructed by me.