Chapter 260

: Strange Statues
The history circles of the Northern Continent countries all recognized that
the Fourth Epoch was shrouded in thick mystery. It was impossible to tell
what it truly was.
The historical records had too many missing pieces and ambiguities for this
period of history. There were too few tombs, ancient cities, and literature,
that had been unearthed to create an effective confirmation.
However, this didn’t mean that no one had done the relevant research. Its
rarity implied that there were still some relics and information left behind.
The original Klein was a fanatic towards the history of the Fourth Epoch.
He often read journal articles and books, so even now, Klein still
remembered a lot of content.
Whether it was the Solomon Empire, Tudor Empire, or Trunsoest Empire,
they all had similar architectural styles, architectural styles that went against
common sense—they were disorderly, asymmetrical, and they stood out for
their frequent use of black.
The most typical characteristic were the candlesticks hanging from the
ceiling and the chopped floral pattern marks on black walls.
This was precisely why Klein’s first reaction was that the underground
structure belonged to the Fourth Epoch when he raised his lantern. He had
seen circular metal poles with candlesticks embedded at the bottom, that ran
down from the dome, reminding him of the Fourth Epoch which was
shrouded in mystery, leaving many historians and archaeologists regretful
of the lack of knowledge in that ancient period.
Several journal articles have mentioned that the number of candlesticks
within different buildings are different. Although the three Empires find
asymmetry beautiful, they seemed to have strict and meticulous rules in
every aspect… Three on the left, and two on the right is the highest
standards that ordinary citizens can enjoy. This is based on the structure of
the buildings and the houses that remain…Klein raised his arm and held the
lantern high. He walked slowly, counting the candlesticks on both sides.
The hall was even wider than he had expected. He had walked for at least a
hundred meters before he saw a platform half a meter above the ground.
Only then did he see the thick wall that marked the end of the hall.
41 inverted candlesticks on the left, and 40 on the right. T-this is a bit of an
exaggeration. What level of aristocracy is this? Powerful nobility? Sigh, the
Antigonus and the Zaratul families are all aristocrats of the Fourth
Epoch… They were also powerful and terrifying Beyonder family clans. The
other noble families should be about the same… Holding the lantern in
hand, Klein continued onward. He saw the stairs at the side of the half-
height platform and saw the scuffing on the black stone tiles.
Is this really a relic of the Fourth Epoch? A thought flashed through Klein’s
mind. With his keen eyesight and the light from the lanterns, he found two
iron black seats on top of the platform that was half a meter above the
ground. The huge, ancient seats overlooked the other seats below.
There were two seats!
Two? Why two? According to the layout, the seat here should represent the
person with the most power and authority, but there are two of them? A
powerful noble of equal strength? A double count, a double duke, or a
double prince? Klein slowly began to feel that his knowledge of history
was inadequate.
He clearly remembered that many journal articles mentioned that the three
empires—Solomon, Tudor, and Trunsoest, had a strict hierarchy. Based on
this theory, there shouldn’t have been leaders of equal standing within a
faction.
“Strange…” Klein mumbled, in a way meant for Miss Bodyguard.
“What’s so strange about that?” An ethereal voice suddenly sounded from
behind him. In the vast, dark, empty, and silent ancient hall, this voice was
exceptionally frightening.
Klein’s mouth twitched as he explained the characteristics, history
knowledge, and puzzling points that he had observed to her. He eventually
added, “The ventilation here is very good. I wonder if there are any other
entrances.”
Miss Bodyguard, who had mostly blended into the darkness, listened
silently as she gave Klein a penetrating glance.
“How do you know so much?”
Because I was a university student in the History department… Klein
cursed silently before smiling.
“If I hadn’t chosen to be a detective, perhaps I would’ve become a diligent
young historian.”
Miss Bodyguard didn’t respond, nor did she disappear; instead, she floated
up to the platform first.
With the lantern in hand, Klein quickly followed, discovering that the
platform was very large. It was about 40 meters in length and 10 meters in
breadth.
“The architectural style is grand and enlarged. It’s also one of the
characteristics of the Fourth Epoch,” he said casually as he carefully
approached the two huge iron-black chairs. He then raised his lantern and
carefully inspected it.
“It seems to be meant for a three-meter-tall giant to sit on… There’s an
emblem on the back of the chair. On this side, it’s a black crown… On the
other side, it’s a hand holding onto a scepter… I wonder what they
symbolize on their own…” Klein said to himself, not expecting an answer
from Miss Bodyguard.
However, the lady who was floating suddenly said, “This is the Tudor
family’s emblem.”
“Huh?” Klein looked over in surprise, noticing that Miss Bodyguard was
referring to the hand holding the scepter.
Tudor family? Is this a relic of the Fourth Epoch’s Tudor Dynasty? Which
royal family member owned this palace? Klein frowned and said, “Do you
recognize the other emblem?”
To think that it was ranked as equal to a Tudor family member!
Miss Bodyguard shook her head without a word.
Seeing this, Klein had to give up the idea of studying it for the time being
and said, “After the Tudor and Trunsoest families established their
respective empires, they both maintained the original style that originated
from the Solomon Empire, such as inverted candlesticks, scuffed marks,
and so on and so forth. This doesn’t comply with common sense. If I were
the emperor, even if I had to inherit many things, I would still make certain
changes to mark my uniqueness.
“Does this mean that the three empires have hidden, unchanging
connections?”
He guessed that Solomon, Tudor, and the Trunsoest families wielded the
Dark Emperor, which was the Lawyer pathway. Similar styles were needed
for acting!
Miss Bodyguard remained silent for a few seconds before saying a few
words, “Only an Emperor can be called an Emperor.”
Is this a confirmation of my idea? Klein didn’t ask any more questions.
With the lantern in hand, he circled the two huge iron-black chairs, but he
didn’t discover anything else.
“Let’s take a look ahead,” Klein suggested.
Before he finished his sentence, Miss Bodyguard had already floated
towards the end of the platform, but the surrounding gloominess and
coldness remained unchanged.
A few meters ahead, Klein saw—with the help of the lantern’s glow—seven
large, heavy, black stone doors at the base of the hall. They were lined up,
two on the left, one in the middle, four on the right, perfectly in line with
the Fourth Epoch’s pursuit of asymmetry.
Klein passed the cane to his lantern hand, tossed a coin at random, and
whispered, “I should begin from the left.”
Ding!
The copper penny tumbled down and landed on his palm, portrait facing up.
“Let’s go to the left.” Klein took the lead.
Miss Bodyguard silently followed until they reached the door on the far left
before saying ethereally, “It’s the same on the right.”
In other words, it didn’t matter whether I did the divination… The corner of
Klein’s mouth curled up as he raised the lantern and examined the symbols
and patterns on the door.
With a deep-black background, it was a crimson half-moon that was
surrounded by radiant points of light.
This… Klein’s pupils constricted suddenly.
This is the Dark Sacred Emblem! The symbol of the Evernight Goddess!
During the Fourth Epoch, the Church of the Evernight Goddess had
supported the Tudor Dynasty? He thoughtfully placed his hand on the stone
door.
Screech!
The black stone door slowly opened amidst rough and heavy grinding
sounds.
As the light from the lantern shone into the room, Klein began to see the
interior, bit by bit.
There was a few meters of open space at the entrance—also paved with
dark stone tiles—and a platform nearly a meter high.
Klein cautiously moved forward, holding up the lantern to illuminate the
item on the platform.
A few seconds later, a fiery radiance formed the outline of a huge statue. It
was about four to five meters long and almost filled the entire room.
It was an extremely beautiful lady with a hazy face. Her right hand
supported her head as she laid down on the platform. She wore a layered
black classical dress that wasn’t overly complex. There was a circle of
radiating rays at the bottom of her head.
On this lady’s dress, there were sparkling specks of radiance. They were
pieces of bright and resplendent gems.
At first glance, Klein felt as though he was seeing the night and the stars.
This was outlined against a circular shape under the lady’s head that
resembled a full moon.
This… Klein’s thoughts seemed to freeze, but a guess immediately plowed
its way from within.
“Evernight Goddess?” Miss Bodyguard’s voice carried a rare hint of
puzzlement.
Be it the symbolism or the actual form, it seemed to be a sculpture of the
goddess! Klein’s guess finally took shape, echoing loudly in his mind.
He remembered asking Captain Dunn Smith about one of the differences
between an evil god and a true god. The former was said to have an image
that resembled that of an intelligent lifeform, but the latter only had Sacred
Emblems formed by symbols!
But today, at this very moment, in this ancient and bizarre underground
structure, he saw a statue that looked like the Evernight Goddess.
What did this mean? Just thinking about it made Klein shudder.
Could it be that the goddess was once an evil god?
No…. Maybe it’s some other evil god that falls into the night domain…
However, the Dark Sacred Emblem by the door is no different from the one
that is being used presently…
Or perhaps, having the image of an intelligent being isn’t a standard
method to distinguish between true gods and evil gods? After all, the
Captain’s level wasn’t high enough, and his understanding of the situation
wasn’t necessarily accurate enough.
It was also possible that the Tudors were deliberately blaspheming the
goddess!
Yes, it could also be a way of setting up some strange ritual!
Many thoughts flashed through Klein’s mind. It left him feeling puzzled,
nervous, and tense. However, he also felt a strange feeling which couldn’t
be described.
After looking around, Klein, who didn’t see anything else, took a deep
breath and said, “Let’s go to the other doors and take a look.”
I wonder what the other six doors correspond to. Would it be equally
strange and evil… He thought gravely.
Miss Bodyguard nodded slowly.