Chapter 1351

Seizing The Opportunity
While transmitting information to the Mandated Punishers, Alger quickly
came up with a plan in his mind:
He was to immediately pray to the Lord of Storms, hoping to obtain the
Lord’s blessings or help. Then, he would immediately rush underground
and use his Beyonder powers to forcefully suppress the three Grade 1
Sealed Artifacts inside Azure Gate.
During this process, if the Lord of Storms responded to his prayers, or if the
abnormality regarding the seal’s ended in time, there was naturally no need
for him to consider any other response. However, if neither of the two
outcomes occurred, and he began to find it difficult to handle the situation,
then he would seek Mr. Fool’s help.
To Alger, once he had to do so, no matter what method he used or how he
concealed it, it would be difficult for him to escape the fate of being
suspected. After all, it was unbelievable for a single person to suppress
three Grade 1 Sealed Artifacts single-handedly.
When the time came, his only option was to immediately abandon his post
after the abnormality ended or the seal began working again. His departure
would waste all his years of diligence and hard work, causing him to lose
his post as cardinal which he had painstakingly obtained.
However, compared to his own life, this was a price he was willing to pay.
As for the consequences resulting in him almost not having any chance of
obtaining the Book of Calamity, Alger didn’t care about it at the moment.
He was still a great distance from considering such problems. Of course, as
a demigod of the Church of Storms and a cardinal, he believed that he was
definitely under the watch of the Lord of Storms. After abandoning his job
and escaping, he needed the protection of other existences to survive.
Otherwise, his outcome would be unimaginable.
And regarding this matter, he could only rely on Mr. Fool.
Taking a deep breath, Alger quickly chanted.
“The King ruling over the Skies, the Emperor who controls the Seas, the
Great God of Storms, I pray for your watch and pray for your blessings.”
After chanting, Alger reached out with his hand, bringing with him a
hurricane as he flew underground.
About ten seconds later, outside the Cathedral of Waves, there was a tidal
wave that surged into the air.
The blue sea water poured down, enveloping the cathedral in a thick barrier.
Inside the barrier, silver bolts of lightning flashed as they drilled
underground.
…
Rumble!
The lightning struck down like torrential rain, illuminating all of Utopia,
illuminating more than half of the Berserk Sea.
At that moment, a pitch-black cathedral with many embedded skulls
appeared in midair.
It was situated above Zaratul, and drew all the surrounding lightning
towards it, causing bolts of lightning to snake across the countless white
skulls, causing the stained glass to reflect a bright light.
Rumble!
In the places Adam’s corpse cathedral couldn’t shelter, Zaratul’s
marionettes, Abomination Suah’s historical projection, as well as Klein’s
marionettes, were instantly obliterated by the tempestuous lightning. Then,
they either vanished or were reduced to tiny marks.
Even Roselle Gustav’s historical projection that had turned into a flux of
information wasn’t spared. A strong electromagnetic hurricane wreaked
havoc in this city, destroying all information structures.
Taking advantage of the moment the Visionary was fending off the Tyrant,
Zaratul took a step forward and entered the void ahead.
And this void was connected to another island—one “He” had previously
set in the Berserk Sea—using “His” Beyonder powers of an Attendant of
Mysteries. The distance between the two was reduced to zero.
The black-robed, hooded Zaratul quickly vanished into the void illuminated
by lightning. But in the next second, “He” didn’t appear on the distant
island, but above the Irises Hotel in Utopia.
Just a moment ago, when Zaratul was stunned by the might of the storm,
Klein, who was in Sefirah Castle, took the opportunity to use the “curtain”
that was draped over his body and used the power of the sefirah to
forcefully “Graft” the void in front of his target to the Irises Hotel. He had
secretly changed Zaratul’s key arrangement.
This was the suppression effect of a King of Angels against a Sequence 1
angel of the same pathway.
Rumble!
The ceaseless lightning smote down, enveloping Zaratul, who had long and
white whiskers on “His” face.
Zaratul’s pitch-black eyes didn’t show any change in expression. “His”
body rapidly faded and disappeared in the bolts of lightning.
“He” had only come in the form of a Historical Void projection.
“His” true body was hiding in a particular fragment in the fog of history.
Sitting in The Fool’s chair, Klein immediately cast his gaze at the grayish-
white fog below him, as well as the countless spots of light in the fog.
He was temporarily unable to find Zaratul because the latter definitely used
a secret fragment of history that only “He” or a very small number of
existences knew. However, being unable to find “Him” didn’t mean that
Klein could only watch and patiently wait until Zaratul reached “His” limits
and was unable to stay in the fog of history. As the owner of Sefirah Castle
and an existence with the level of a King of Angels, Klein’s preliminary
control of the sefirah was already enough to complete many things.
In the next second, Klein opened the box and summoned The Fool card,
accommodating it inside his body.
In the blink of an eye, he transformed into The Fool who wore colorful
clothes and a gorgeous headdress. He exuded a deep, terrifying aura, as well
as a somewhat ridiculous feeling. The entire Sefirah Castle began to shake
gently.
Tak!
The Fool Klein held the end of the Staff of the Stars in his right hand and
struck the edge of the long mottled table.
In the real world, grayish-white fog appeared, one that had a faintly-visible
ancient palace situated high above.
In the ancient and majestic palace, a strange light formed from countless
spherical lights quickly outlined itself, emitting an invisible and terrifying
suction force.
The fog of history instantly boiled as Zaratul’s figure quickly appeared in a
spot where Klein hadn’t lit up. “He” was hoisted up without being able to
stop it.
Law of Beyonder characteristics convergence!
With the help of Sefirah Castle, Klein projected the convergence power of
Beyonder characteristics into the fog of history!
At this moment, Zaratul’s black-robed and hooded figure collapsed and
became a pale paper figurine.
“His” true body appeared on another island in the Berserk Sea. “He”
quickly used the Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder powers to connect the
convergence inclination effect to various paper figurines.
Seizing the opportunity given to “Him” by the paper figurines, Zaratul
quickly made a wish:
“I wish for my Beyonder characteristic to temporarily calm down.”
Just as “He” finished speaking and pressed “His” palms together, “He” had
already caught sight of “His” fulfilled wish. This allowed “Him” to escape
the suction force from Sefirah Castle, The Fool card, and the Attendant of
Mysteries Beyonder characteristic collective.
At the same time, “He” took a step back and accurately stepped on a milky-
white rock.
The stone had long been connected to somewhere else by “Him,” and had
been solidified in some form.
As Zaratul stepped down, “His” figure instantly vanished. It was unknown
where “He” had gone, but the stone seemed to experience extreme
weathering as it disintegrated.
The Fool Klein cast his gaze down from an infinite height and scanned his
surroundings, but he couldn’t find Zaratul.
This meant that the other party had left his line of sight.
Without any hesitation, Klein immediately placed his focus on something
else.
He had already made all the gems on the Staff of the Stars light up as he
simulated the Marauder pathway’s ability to deceive rules. He changed the
location of his body’s revival to a marionette that wasn’t in Utopia.
Previously, a few residents of Utopia had gone to other cities for various
reasons. By going there, they would further deepen their relationship with
the real world. Klein had chosen a travel enthusiast. He was now in a
particular mountain range.
As the second half of his “resurrection” was carried out, Klein took out The
Fool card. He summoned the nine unique spirit world specialties he had
prepared previously and placed them together with the “curtain.”
Right on the heels of that, he used the Staff of the Stars to activate the
power of Sefirah Castle and once again simulated the powers of the
Marauder pathway’s ability to deceive the rules, allowing the nine spirit
world specialties and that “curtain” to “become” a part of his body.
In the next second, countless fragments of light appeared around the
marionette that was halfway up the mountain.
And inside the marionette’s body, a Worm of Spirit flew out. It kept
fracturing and fused with the fragments of light.
Soon, the fragments of light condensed into a ball of light as it solidified
into Klein’s figure.
Just as Klein’s figure finished outlining, he turned into transparent maggots
that scattered in all directions, allowing the “curtain” and the nine spirit
world specialties to drop to the ground.
Then, the Worms of Spirit completed the reassembly process, and part of
them turned into a half top hat, a shirt, a vest, a formal suit, and trousers.
Klein didn’t waste any time. He immediately grabbed the “curtain” and the
specialties of the spirit world and began to carefully concoct the potion.
To him, this was the best time to advance to Attendant of Mysteries.
On the one hand, the effects of the ritual had been completed with the help
of the Genie. This wouldn’t last long, and it would gradually disappear. On
the other hand, Adam, who was most likely to destroy his ritual, was being
suppressed by the Lord of Storms and had no time to interfere.
If he were to consume the potion and advance to Sequence 1 at any other
time, Klein was really worried that Visionary Adam would make use of the
sea of collective subconscious to inject a negative emotion into him at a
critical moment. That way, losing control was inevitable.
The reason why he had called Leodero wasn’t to deal with Zaratul, but to
hold back the true god, Adam!
During the Attendant of Mysteries ritual, there was no way to use the power
of Sefirah Castle to produce a nascent form of a divine kingdom in advance,
isolating Klein from the outside world. This would result in the ritual being
unable to establish a connection with the corresponding region in the spirit
world, resulting in failure.
In less than ten seconds, a potion that was as dark as the night sea appeared
in Klein’s palm. At the same time, the figure left in Sefirah Castle snapped
his fingers, granting the small number of wishes accumulated in the prayer
lights and the crimson stars, allowing him to digest the last bit of his
Miracle Invoker potion.
The figure inside Sefirah Castle immediately faded away, allowing Klein’s
body to become complete so that he could consume the potion in his best
condition.
As the lightning lit up the sea once again, Klein raised his right hand and
brought the bottle that came from his marionette to his mouth. He gulped
down the potion that was as light as air.