Chapter 1322

: Hold Off On Something
Unresolvable
Upon hearing The World Gehrman Sparrow’s question, the other members
of the Tarot Club had three reactions:
“Who is that? I seem to have heard of him… He’s one of the Four Kings?”
“Who is that? Why haven’t I heard of him before…”
“Oh, I forgot to ask about the Psychology Alchemists. I was planning on
using a more tactful method to seek some suggestions…”
The first reaction came from Alger, Cattleya, and Fors, who had lived at sea
for a period of time. The second reaction came from Leonard, Emlyn, Xio,
and Derrick. The third reaction belonged to Audrey alone.
Getting no answers, The World Gehrman Sparrow didn’t ask further. His
main goal was to use this as a reminder for Miss Justice to bring up the
matter for discussion in a way that could bypass the promise she made.
Of course, if Miss Justice were to seek help from Mr. Fool, Klein would
also use “Grafting” to temporarily connect the bindings formed from her
subconscious to a paper figurine, providing her with a period of time that
she could freely recount things.
This was also a high-level application of Paper Figurine Substitutes. With
Klein’s current level, he could easily do it within Sefirah Castle. If he were
in the real world, he would have to rely on the Worms of Spirit above the
gray fog to control the “curtain” and provide responses.
At that moment, Audrey thought for a moment and said, “Do you still
remember that I once pursued the whereabouts of a mind dragon and went
to a place where they had customs of worshiping dragons?”
Alger, Cattleya, and company nodded. Only Leonard and Xio expressed
their lack of knowledge of this matter.
As this wasn’t an important matter, Fors didn’t mention it when she first
briefed Xio of the “general knowledge.” After that, she was frightened by
Angel of Imagination Adam, and rarely talked about the secrets shared by
the Tarot Club in the real world.
Audrey deliberated for a moment before continuing, “It’s been almost two
years. A secret organization that doesn’t trust me too much suddenly
mentioned this matter and has entrusted me with further investigations.
They said it’s a form of observation. What motives do they have?”
She didn’t think it was a coincidence.
Emlyn recovered and laughed.
“This should be a test.”
To him, he was still very far from reaching Sequence 1 Beauty Goddess,
and he had no intention of transferring to the Planter pathway. Therefore, he
didn’t need to worry about the corresponding problems for a long period of
time. There was no need to worry too much about it.
Emlyn’s ability to say the word “test” shows how much he has improved…
Of course, this is also because the Sanguine has done too many similar
things to him, having to trouble Mr. Hanged Man into telling him that “this
is a test”… The Fool Klein was very satisfied with Emlyn’s answer.
Of course, he didn’t believe that the answer was correct. He only felt that
Emlyn’s ability to think up to this level was already pretty remarkable.
Audrey said disapprovingly, “I suspect that they already know that I’m
problematic. They even know where my problem is and which faction is
involved. There’s no need to test me further.”
After leaving the Garden of Eden, she had been thinking a lot. She
remembered that Mr. World had once said that the Twilight Hermit Order
wanted a war that would sweep the entire world.
Based on the current situation, this goal has been achieved in the past year.
In other words, the Twilight Hermit Order or Angel of Imagination Adam
must’ve used this opportunity to gain quite a number of benefits and
experience the corresponding growth.
And before that, Mr. Fool informed them that Adam was ever closer to the
level of a deity.
Combining all this information, Audrey had a preliminary judgment that
Angel of Imagination Adam had a high chance of already reaching the
divine throne and becoming a Sequence 0 Visionary.
Even if “He” wasn’t there yet, “He” wasn’t too far!
If such a deity who wielded the mind domain cast “His” gaze over, Audrey
didn’t believe that her secret could be hidden.
At present, she could only console herself that the leader of the Twilight
Hermit Order, the mastermind behind the Psychology Alchemists wouldn’t
place too much importance on a Sequence 4 Manipulator. On the one hand,
she had made all sorts of preparations to deal with the possible “accidents.”
“Perhaps that organization is trying to figure how many members we have
in the Tarot Club and what their identities are,” Emlyn replied with a smile
as he continued on his train of thought.
Audrey thought for a moment and nodded.
“That possibility can’t be ruled out.”
As she said this, she shot a glance at the end of the long, mottled table and
realized that Mr. Fool was only listening to her leisurely without giving her
the correct answer.
This made her feel a lot more at ease. At the same time, she silently decided
that she had to be more careful. She had to be able to resolve problems
herself, having already reached Sequence 4.
In any Orthodox Church or secret organization, Sequence 4 was the
strongest person in control of an area.
At this moment, Alger, who had heard their conversation, proposed a brand
new possibility:
“If that secret organization really doesn’t trust you, then it might be an
excuse for them to do an observation. Their main goal is to cooperate with
us, the Tarot Club, and Mr. Fool.”
He didn’t know why Miss Justice didn’t mention the Psychology
Alchemists directly. All he could do was carefully go along with her.
Hmm… This is equivalent to me becoming an ambassador of the Tarot
Club to the Psychology Alchemists? Audrey nodded slightly and said,
“That’s also possible.
“Then what should I do next?”
Alger thought for a moment and said, “Stall for time.”
Good idea… Fors and Emlyn both expressed their agreement.
After Alger gave the overall strategy, he added in detail, “Try to stall for
time and find excuses not to go until the final moment.
“When you arrive there, start investigating from the periphery and use
caution as an excuse to slow down your investigation.
“If you really can’t delay any further, you can deliberately make mistakes in
certain matters and create some commotion so that the mind dragon can
detect it early and eliminate any traces.
“If that secret organization really has any additional motives, the longer you
delay, the more they won’t be able to sit still. If they get impatient, they will
expose the problem.”
Cattleya nodded.
“This is the most suitable response for now.”
“I understand. Thank you, everyone.” Audrey also felt that Mr. Hanged
Man’s suggestion suited her thoughts.
However, she didn’t delay a certain matter. She immediately turned her
head and looked at the end of the long, mottled table. She bowed and said,
“Honorable Mr. Fool, has Angel of Imagination Adam advanced to
Sequence 0?”
Not bad. To be able to be aware of this point… The Fool Klein leaned back
in his chair and chuckled.
“Only with the apocalypse approaching did ‘He’ finally take that step.”
The level of the Garden of Eden had virtually confirmed that Adam was
definitely a Visionary.
Angel of Imagination Adam has become a god? This news immediately
reverberated in Derrick and company’s minds, leaving their minds in
upheavals for a long time.
Indeed… Audrey pursed her lips and expressed her gratitude before asking,
“What kind of payment do I need to make for this answer?”
The Fool Klein surveyed the area and said with a smile,
“There’s no need.
“It’s a reminder.”
After this topic ended, because most of the Tarot Club members were still
immersed in the impact of Adam becoming a true god, no one spoke for a
moment.
After a few seconds, Derrick looked around and probed, “The City of Silver
has already plowed the surrounding fields and planted wheat and other
crops, but the harvest will still take some time. I wish to know what we can
do to earn gold pounds and purchase resources?”
After the initial aid, the Church of the Sea God and the government of the
Rorsted Archipelago stopped providing free aid. After all, their financial
strength was rather limited. In this situation, the City of Silver and Moon
City each sold a batch of Beyonder characteristics and monster hides in
exchange for a large amount of funds that could be used to purchase various
resources.
However, with the entrance to the Forsaken Land of the Gods closed, they
were unable to replenish Beyonder characteristics and monster hides. It was
also impossible for the City of Silver and Moon City to give up their
military strength either, selling large amounts of combat resources and
wasting the opportunity of nurturing their descendants. Therefore, once all
the gold pounds, gold, and jewelry were used up, they would undoubtedly
fall into a predicament.
For this reason, the six-member council had been troubled over how to earn
gold pounds from the outside world and how to establish a stable financial
system. This was a little beyond their capabilities.
The Beyonder characteristics that the City of Silver and Moon City had
previously sold were mainly purchased by the Church of the Sea God and
the Rorsted Archipelago government. They were used to establish official
Beyonder factions under them. After all, the number of Beyonders needed
to cause damage, and the number of Beyonders needed to stabilize an area
was on completely different levels.
In addition, the entire Rorsted Archipelago only had Sea God Kalvetua and
the demigod cardinal of the Church of the Lord of Storms. This was slightly
insufficient for a new government, especially since the Church of Storms
and the Church of Sea God weren’t allies.
After hearing Little Sun’s plea for help, the other members of the Tarot
Club began to seriously consider what the City of Silver and Moon City
residents could do.
Audrey thought for a moment and asked, “What are you best at?”
“Combat,” Derrick replied without any hesitation.
Alger nodded slightly when he heard that.
“Although the world war has ended, law and order hasn’t been restored in
the colonies of the Southern Continent. It’s still very chaotic there, and
small-scale wars occur from time to time. You can try to form two to three
mercenary teams and be hired by any faction.”
Private military contractors… Klein gave an even more modern name to the
suggestion.
“This is a good idea.” Derrick’s eyes lit up when he heard that.
Alger asked again, “Combat is a survival instinct. Other than this, do you
still have anything you want to do?”
Derrick replied in embarrassment, “Many people wish to be chefs and
brewers, as well as hope to work at candy factories…”