Chapter 846

: Find the Target
Saint Samuel Cathedral, behind Chanis Gate.
Backlund Archbishop, Saint Anthony, stood at the staircase connecting the
two different stories and watched as the Nighthawk deacons rushed about.
Many of them wore red gloves.
As a spokesperson for the Church of Evernight in the kingdom’s capital,
Saint Anthony had a clean-shaven face. His face didn’t betray his mood,
and his deep black eyes similarly hid any upheavals he had. But everyone
who passed by him would feel their souls tremble as an indescribable sense
of horror arose in their hearts.
“Your Grace, an inventory count has been made. None of the mysticism
ingredients are missing, including the potion main ingredients and
Beyonder characteristics…”
“Your Grace, all the potion formulas are in their original locations. It can be
preliminarily determined that no one had gone through them in the last
eight hours…”
“Your Grace, all of the prisoners imprisoned on the first level are accounted
for. None of them escaped, nor did anyone pass away…”
“Your Grace, none of the information or books suffered any damage or
were moved…”
“Your Grace, the Grade 2 and Grade 3 Sealed Artifacts are all present. None
of them have been taken away…”
“Your Grace, the three Grade 1 Sealed Artifacts remain in their sealed
states. None of them show signs of having left their confines…”
“Your Grace, the core seal remains intact and didn’t suffer any damage…”
“Your Grace, it has been confirmed that there are no new items in here.
There are no remnant setups that bring about danger…”
“Your Grace, we didn’t find the enemy who disguised himself as a Keeper.
H-he seems to have evaporated into thin air…”
One deacon after another came over to make a report as the matter
gradually turned somewhat odd.
They found it unimaginable that a scheming and powerful Beyonder would
take such an immense risk and set up such a tight plan and use all kinds of
means to pass through Chanis Gate. Yet, nothing was taken, and the
perpetrator had left after circling the area once!
This made it seem like the person was only trying to prove themselves, or it
was someone who had specially come to find flaws in the surveillance of
Chanis Gate for the Church.
The deacon who led a Red Gloves team surveyed the area and deliberated
as he came up with a theory.
“Your Grace, could it be the requirements of an advancement ritual of some
Sequence?”
Having been on a mission to capture Devils, he was accustomed to making
such guesses. And from Sequence 5, different pathways and different
Sequences had different advancement rituals. The ones that the Church of
Evernight was aware of wasn’t a large number.
If that were the case, Soest could already see the infiltrator’s mockery grin
that said, “I’m free to go anywhere, even if it’s the Church of Evernight’s
Chanis Gate. It’s no different from a department store. Those Nighthawks
will only become raged after the matter, feeling useless.”
He has to be caught! Soest silently clenched his red-gloved hand.
Saint Anthony was just about to say something when Nighthawk deacon,
Daly Simone, raised a second possibility.
“Perhaps the infiltrator had attempted to take some Sealed Artifact away
and suffered the negative effects. He died on the spot and was cleanly
devoured?”
Saint Anthony nodded in thought and said, “I’ll head to basement three to
take a look.”
With that said, he steadily walked to basement two, and in a secret location,
activated the path to basement three.
The other deacons were lacking in rank or clearance, so all they could do
was wait in their spots.
Saint Anthony quickly arrived at basement three which didn’t span too big
an area. He basically confirmed that Sealed Artifacts 1-29 and 1-80 hadn’t
undergone any abnormal changes.
Following the strict protocols, he observed 1-80 with 1-29 and found 0-17
lying inside with eyes half-open, just like always.
During this process, Saint Anthony approached thrice and opened a distance
from it thrice. Sometimes, he changed where he stood, and at other times,
he cloaked himself in the darkness of the night. He didn’t dare skip the
necessary steps.
Even as a saint, he didn’t dare belittle any of the items in here. Ignoring the
powers that would break out of its vessel, temporary causing the seal on 0-
17, even 1-29 and 1-80, which were rather dangerous items, to become
ineffective. Saint Anthony didn’t wish to degenerate into an amnesiac who
had to relearn how to eat and drink, much less become part of a dream that
existed between reality and illusions.
There’s nothing wrong… Anthony heaved a silent sigh of relief. He began
restoring the two Sealed Artifacts to their original states.
A few minutes later, the Nighthawk deacons saw the archbishop return.
“The infiltrator might have died from touching a Sealed Artifact,” Saint
Anthony said, his pronunciation of “died” being somewhat muffled.
He didn’t give any additional explanations as he instructed, “Regardless,
this matter needs to be investigated. The infiltrator might have a partner!
“To be able to infiltrate Saint Samuel Cathedral without causing a stir, it
means that the target is very familiar with this place and is familiar with the
recent duty shifts of the Keepers. He’s very familiar with how Nighthawks
handle and take over matters, and has the ability or an item to change his
appearance. In addition, he had obtained the help from a Beyonder with a
sacred Evernight pathway item or has one himself.
“Putting all these conditions together, investigate the servants and priests to
see if they have encountered any indistinct spirit channeling or enticement.
Check if the bishops have betrayed the Goddess, as well as the believers
who have recently come to the cathedral on a regular basis… At the same
time, check on all the believers and the surroundings of their residences.
Perhaps they had unexpectedly divulged something and had something
stolen. I’ll carry out the investigations pertaining to you.
“Also, find the missing servant and see if there are any clues.”
“Yes, Your Grace,” Soest and the other Nighthawk deacons answered in
unison.
…
In the office with a tense mood, Leonard Mitchell wasn’t having his feet up
on the table like usual. He sat very properly and wore a rather solemn
expression.
This was the second time he had encountered a matter that targeted items
behind Chanis Gate. It invoked the memories that he buried deep inside his
heart.
And more importantly, he had encountered the fake Keeper before without
realizing the problem!
I-if I were a little stronger and had better observation skills, perhaps it
might not have… Leonard Mitchell’s lips pursed tightly as he looked at the
documents in front of him, but he wasn’t reading a single word. This
continued until his teammates entered.
“That Keeper has awoken. He didn’t see the infiltrator and only knew that
he encountered the possession ability of a Wraith,” the Red Glove that
entered said to everyone in the room.
“How can a Wraith move about inside the cathedral?” Many Red Gloves
raised the question, but no one had an answer.
Perhaps that Wraith believes in the Goddess… Leonard mumbled inwardly.
While no one was paying attention to him in the corner, he suppressed his
voice and seemed to mutter, “Old Man, didn’t you discover anything
abnormal back then?”
The slightly aged voice sounded in his mind:
“It’s not like I’ll observe the outside world all the time, especially when I’m
near Chanis Gate.”
Leonard didn’t dare ask further as he joined in the discussion with his
teammates.
Before long, the Red Gloves team captain, Soest, entered the room and
threw a stack of dossiers on the desk.
“These are the targets we need to investigate. The bishops have provided
the names of the believers who have frequently come to the cathedral
recently.”
Leonard glanced at it, and towards the back was a dossier with a familiar
name: Dwayne Dantès!
This… this old fellow that survived from the Fourth Epoch came to a
nearby street for less than two months, and Chanis Gate was infiltrated?
Isn’t that too much of a coincidence? Besides, he has been frequently
coming to Saint Samuel Cathedral. He might be observing the situation and
figuring out the patterns… Old Man’s excuse wasn’t too convincing, but if
the infiltrator was Dwayne Dantès, then everything makes sense. He’s
afraid that he would expose himself and pretended not to discover anything
abnormal… Leonard’s mind instantly filled with many ideas as he asked in
deliberation, “Captain Soest, what did the infiltrator take? What clues did
he leave behind?”
Soest surveyed the room and said, “Nothing was taken or left behind. It was
like no one stepped inside. His Grace suspects that he died or was vaporized
from contact with some Sealed Artifact. Our priority is to find his partner.”
No, Dwayne Dantès wouldn’t die that easily! He’s a monster who has lived
since the Fourth Epoch… However, why did he carry out the infiltration?
Leonard frowned slightly as he hesitated for a moment. Then, he
proactively included Dwayne Dantès into the investigation targets for
himself and two other teammates.
After the Red Gloves and local Nighthawks began taking action, Leonard
found an excuse to head to the washroom first. He suppressed his voice and
asked, “What are your thoughts about Dwayne Dantès?”
He didn’t expose his parasite’s lie.
The elderly voice chuckled and said, “Didn’t I tell you? I don’t know much
about him. I only know that there’s something special about him. His aura
has something ancient about it.
“However, the case you previously investigated gave me some inspiration. I
suspect that Dwayne Dantès might be related to that matter. He might be a
proxy of some existence.”
“What matter? Which existence?” Leonard muttered softly in surprise.
In his mind, the ancient voice replied with an odd tone, “The Fool that
doesn’t belong to this era.”
…
160 Böklund Street.
Klein had his breakfast and returned to the balcony’s half-open room. He
sat in his reclining chair and raised his hand to rub his temples.
After his tense mood subsided, Klein discovered that his mind had turned
somewhat adrift. He would often see the hanging corpses in the ancient
cathedral, as well as the cluster of translucent maggots that remained
unclear in his deepest memories. Illusory voices would seem to constantly
echo in his ears: “Hornacis… Flegrea…”
Although I had quickly cut the connection with my marionette, I had
suffered some of the effects. My soul has been slightly corrupted… As
expected of a real Mythical Creature… After the preliminary investigations
are done, I’ll have to find a way to resolve the remnant problems… Klein
slowly heaved a sigh of relief and used Cogitation to calm himself.