Chapter 1121

: 1121 Weakness
1121 Weakness
Since Light Culler Murskogan didn’t gain his long lifespan from his
Beyonder characteristic, Klein could only begin considering external
factors.
The effects of a mystical item? No, he doesn’t have any mystical items on
him. Aside from the Giant King’s residence, there’s nothing in the vicinity
either. However, that’s the sleeping ground of Dark Angel Sasrir.
Furthermore, the key is with me. I don’t think Murskogan would dare or
have the means to enter…
Who took the key to the Giant King’s residence after Sasrir fell into a
slumber? Isn’t that a bit too wicked? Of course, the palace without the
powers of a deity augmenting it wouldn’t be able to trap a King of Angels…
Or perhaps, this key had long been transported to the Northern Continent
during the migration of the giants. Sasrir chose to sleep in the palace
because, other than a small number of existences, no one can open the door
and affect “His” sleep?
Was Vice Admiral Iceberg’s key given to me through a roundabout manner
by the God of Knowledge and Wisdom? “He” wants to learn of Sasrir’s
present state?
If it’s not the effects of a mystical item, what could it be? Time given by an
angel from the Marauder pathway? Ignoring the possibility of giving stolen
illusory items to someone else, there needs to be an angel or a Grade 0
Sealed Artifact from the Marauder pathway. And there aren’t any similar
existences nearby… Back then, Murskogan was given a lifespan of
thousands of years at once? This… Perhaps only Amon is capable of doing
that. Clearly, “He” wouldn’t help Dark Angel Sasrir…
In addition, this Blasphemer’s true body seems to be wandering around the
Forsaken Land of the Gods. If there were angels or Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts
of the Marauder pathway here, they might’ve become his food long ago…
The cycle of fate? After Light Culler Murskogan’s natural death, everything
begins with him guarding Sasrir again? Yes, that’s possible. If the current
Murskogan is in an aged state, then it’s completely understandable how so
much time has passed… Furthermore, because the time in this loop seals
centuries, it hasn’t reached a node yet. It’s only normal that I didn’t manage
to discover any signs above the gray fog in my haste…
With this in mind, he quickly observed his surroundings to find traces of the
Angel of Fate, Ouroboros.
However, there was no remnant power like that.
Klein quickly retracted his gaze and continued to observe Light Culler
Murskogan’s intense battle with Colin Iliad and the silver-armored knight
evil spirit.
His Spirit Body Threads are normal, eliminating the possibility of him
already becoming a marionette… Under “true vision,” his condition isn’t
abnormal. This means that he isn’t a figure summoned from history…
The divine kingdom of the Giant King’s Court is slowing down the passing
of time or aging? The former can be eliminated because my spirituality is
almost unable to support my level of observation. This matches the amount
of time the City of Silver’s exploration team has spent in this area… There
is a certain chance of the latter, with life progressing in the “sunset” state
but being solidified during “dusk”?
But the problem is that the ancient god, the Giant King, has already
perished. Badheil, who wields the power of dawn and the power of dusk,
has brought the divine kingdom to the astral world. It’s impossible for this
King’s Court to still have such a powerful influence remaining within it…
Klein went through all the possibilities of extending one’s life that he could
think of, but none of them matched the situation of the leader of the Court
Chasers.
He had no choice but to consider another possibility:
A secret art with a huge defect?
This should be dependent on some kind of power in the Giant King’s Court.
Otherwise, the range of Murskogan’s activities wouldn’t be so tiny. It
wouldn’t take until the City of Silver’s expedition team arrived at ^
residence before he took action…
The entity related to life inside the Giant King’s Court clearly exists, the
former Goddess of Harvest, the present Earth Mother, Giant Queen
Omebella.
As this thought flashed through his mind, he cast his gaze at the giant
statues outside the palace.
They were no different from the ones the City of Silver expedition team had
encountered along the way. They were only slightly larger.
However, after careful inspection, he noticed a small number of
abnormalities. These giant statues had the aura of life, and they possessed a
certain amount of spirituality. However, behind the mask, it was pitch black
without any dark red glow.
This… Light Culler Murskogan had used some sort of secret technique in
the life domain to bind his spirit with the living statues. Using them, he
obtained a long life, but this results in him being limited to such a tiny
region and being unable to leave… This is very similar to the way evil
spirits exist… This way, Murskogan might not be able to show his normal
Mythical Creature form… Klein conjured a gold coin and flipped it up to
make confirmation.
When he received an affirmation, he raised the Sea God Scepter high and
prepared to remind Little Sun through the prayer light.
At this moment, Demon Hunter Colin, who had avoided Murskogan’s first
attack, suddenly ducked and circled around him, running straight for the
Giant King’s residence from the side.
His gaze was locked onto those gigantic statues!
In the intense battle just now, although this City of Silver Chief had always
been at a disadvantage, he didn’t give up on observing his surroundings, nor
did he stop thinking.
He was similarly puzzled as to why the leader of the Court Chasers could
live for thousands of years. When he discovered that the living giant statues
were only standing outside the palace without participating in the battle, he
had arrived at a certain conclusion.
He didn’t know what exactly was going on, what principles underlay it, or
what domain it belonged to, but his rich experience in exploration, and the
intuition as a Demon Hunter, made him believe that the statues were the
crux of the problem!
Tap! Tap! Tap!
With two swords in his hands, Colin Iliad dashed forward, taking large
strides. However, he didn’t run in a straight line as he zigzagged his way
forward.
Upon seeing this scene, Light Culler Murskogan let out an angry roar as he
held the broadsword in his hands and rapidly slashed forward.
His reaction proved that Colin Iliad’s judgment was correct.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Demon Hunter Colin suddenly leaped away and did a roll. And above his
original trajectory, silver light appeared out of thin air and exploded,
forming a “long snake.” It completely lifted the solid ground of the King’s
Court, tearing open a deep chasm.
With a loud thud, Light Culler Murskogan took a step forward. His nearly
five-meter-tall body bent and smashed the silver broadsword in his hand
onto the ground.
Clang!
The area shook violently as the pillars snapped and fell into the orange
cloud beneath. The ground between the two buildings exploded layer by
layer, sending countless gravel flying.
As for Demon Hunter Colin, he had already leaped up ahead of time and
was in midair. He crossed his swords, creating an invisible barrier that
blocked the rubble that resembled an arrow.
At this moment, Murskogan, who had his back bent, bent his knee and
exerted strength into it. His massive body shot out like a meteor, instantly
closing the distance between him and Demon Hunter Colin.
During this process, the silver broadsword in his hands moved upwards.
Seeing that Demon Hunter Colin was no longer able to dodge, a bright light
suddenly shot over, accurately hitting Murskogan’s broadsword.
With a loud clang, Colin Iliad tumbled to the ground and finally approached
the giant statues in one swift move.
At the same time, he saw from the corner of his eye that the silver-armored
knight phantom in front of Elder Lovia had long drawn out its giant sword.
It had condensed the light of dawn into a huge bow as it shot out arrows
consecutively.
Light Culler Murskogan’s single eye had already been dyed with a layer of
red. He didn’t care about the arrows of light, and he allowed them to hit his
body as they produced clanking sounds.
He kept charging forward and brandished his broadsword, causing silver
light to appear from different parts of the void. He chased after the giant-
like Demon Hunter Colin, preventing him from attacking those giant
statues.
Suddenly, an arrow that was gathered from the lustrous brilliances tore past
Murskogan and silently hit the gap in his visor.
This was from the evil spirit that Shepherd Lovia “Grazed.”
Demon Hunter Colin was merely bait. It was the real attacker.
Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! One arrow after another flew past, but this time,
they were all blocked by Murskogan.
But at that moment, the Demon Hunter had already positioned himself well.
He aimed at the remaining giant statues and swung his two straight swords
that were enveloped by the light of dawn.
Light bloomed as a “Hurricane of Light” blanketed the area.
With continuous cracking sounds, the statues collapsed to the ground.
Meanwhile, the aura of the Light Culler Murskogan rapidly declined.
This King’s Court Chaser leader immediately roared, “Let’s die together!”
The silver broadsword in his hand exploded, splintering into countless
fragments of light. They formed a terrifying storm that swept everything
around them.
The silver-armored knight evil spirit and Demon Hunter Colin
simultaneously stabbed their swords into the ground, creating an invisible
barrier.
The dazzling white light swept between the two buildings, destroying the
grayish-blue door and stone pillars behind Derrick and company. However,
when they “swept” into the Giant King’s residence, they failed to affect it
completely.
After an unknown period of time, just as Derrick thought that the invisible
barrier was about to be torn apart by the Hurricane of Light, the rays of
light finally dimmed.
In the ruins, the silver armor on the body of Light Culler Murskogan slowly
faded away, revealing his grayish-blue body that was wearing linen clothes.
Not far away from him, Demon Hunter Colin’s body was covered in blood.
He was transforming from a giant back to his normal state, but his aura was
relatively stable. It was just that he had weakened greatly.
With a clang, Murskogan genuflected as his flesh rapidly aged,
decomposed, and evaporated.
Under the orange light, he seemed to see the lively King’s Court once again.
In the frozen dusk, giants came and went, playing the seven-stringed guitar
or bone flute, wrestling, or enjoying the delicacies that they could eat at any
time. The passing of their lives moved extremely slowly, and their king sat
on a high throne, watching everything from above with a stately demeanor.
After that incident, none of that existed, so he chose to follow Dark Angel
Sasrir.
A smile appeared on Murskogan’s face as he opened his mouth and softly
shouted, “King…”
This Court Chaser bowed his head, his flesh and blood completely
evaporated, leaving behind a huge white skeleton and silvery-white light
that had condensed together.