Chapter 321

: A Living Person Appears
In the exhibition hall where Roselle’s diary was kept, the two Machinery
Hivemind members suddenly heard a clatter.
At the same time, they turned their heads to look at the Sealed Artifact
made out of blocks above the glass display case.
Inside the scaled down model of the museum’s first floor, there was a gray
dot that was constantly flashing.
“There’s a lifeless object in the nearest washroom.” One of the team
members made a definite judgment.
The other team member relaxed a little, frowned, and said in a guessing
tone, “A dead leaf blown in by the wind?”
“It’s possible.” The team member who spoke first nodded. “Let’s wait till
the security guards pass by, we’ll get them to check and confirm the
situation. Captain told us to stay here and not to leave no matter what
happens, especially not alone.”
In the event of an urgent emergency, they could evacuate with Roselle’s
notebook.
“Alright.” His companion had no objection to his suggestion.
…
In the office area on the second floor of the museum, Klein was like a
floating ghost, passing through one wall after another and flying directly
above the restored study.
However, he didn’t fly too fast. Instead, he continued to sense the fire spark
below and kept track of the distance.
When the straight-line distance reached almost thirty meters, he lifted his
illusory and translucent right hand and soundlessly snapped his fingers.
In the washroom on the first floor, the box of matches exploded with a soft
bang.
Then, a scarlet flame leaped up and ignited a paper towel, a potted plant,
and the wooden door.
The flames didn’t spread yet, but it was shocking enough.
The nearby security personnel who heard the noise immediately rushed
over. In the exhibition hall that was monitoring the entire situation on the
first floor, the two Machinery Hivemind members also saw the flames in
the model at the same time and subconsciously wanted to rush over there.
This was not only an attempt to extinguish the fire, but they were also
prepared to capture the troublemaker.
But the moment they took two steps, they stopped, having remembered
their Captain’s orders:
Don’t leave this exhibition hall, don’t leave Roselle’s notebook, regardless
of the situation!
They looked at each other, then they looked warily at the two entrances to
the hall before quietly taking out their own Beyonder weapons.
As Beyonders of the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery, they were
never lacking in equipment.
…
At this moment, Max Livermore was patrolling the various exhibition halls
on the first floor with a lantern in hand. He had also noticed the commotion
and, without thinking, rushed towards the direction of the exhibition hall
where Roselle’s notebook was located.
The priority to ensure the safety of the items was higher than capturing the
intruder!
Moreover, Max believed that no matter what the other party’s intentions
were, as long as they entered the first floor of the museum and entered any
of the halls, they would be under the effect of the Sealed Artifact, and it
wouldn’t be easy to leave that easily!
If there was no external help, the infiltrator would be trapped inside!
Even if the intruder had a helper, it would still take them quite a bit of time
to get rid of the effects.
“Once you enter, you will be like prey that has fallen into a trap!” Max
Livermore ran at top speed. After passing through many exhibition halls, he
finally saw the silhouettes of his two companions.
At that moment, Klein, who was on the second floor of the museum, had
already passed through the doors and walls according to the layout in his
memory. He had arrived right above the restored study.
He was in no hurry to carry out any follow-up actions. Instead, he first
looked down.
As the stone floor was relatively thick, Klein was unable to vaguely confirm
if there were any auras or emotions beneath him. He could only spread his
arms wide, fall forward, and silently lie on the ground.
His illusory and transparent figure quickly faded into the ground.
…
On the crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling on the first floor, a
faintly discernible human face suddenly appeared.
The strange face overlooked the exhibition hall, its eyes constantly moving,
taking in the scenery of every corner in the area.
There are no Beyonders or security personnel… Mumbling to himself,
Klein penetrated the ceiling and descended in front of Roselle’s glass-
covered desk.
He glanced at it, and without hesitation, he reached out with both hands to
grab the bookmark in the manuscript of creativity and the bookmark which
looked like child’s graffiti.
He was trying to prevent a powerful Beyonder, who could reconstruct the
scene through magical means, from knowing that he knew which bookmark
was abnormal. This was to prevent the investigator from suspecting Miss
Justice who had only touched one bookmark.
Augmented by Azik’s copper whistle, he passed through the glass case and
steadily held the two bookmarks, then he wrapped them within his spirit
body.
After finishing this step, Klein’s heart calmed down, no longer having any
obvious nervousness or tension.
He stretched out his hands again, reaching out for the other bookmarks.
“Waaa! Waaa! Waaa!”
The loud and shrill cry of a baby suddenly reverberated within the
exhibition hall.
It was so illusory, as though it came from far, far away.
Klein’s body stiffened, freezing all of a sudden like a lake encountering
extreme coldness.
In his spirit body state, he appeared to have been frozen!
“Waaa! Waaa! Waaa!”
Along with the cries of the baby were fine black rifts that surrounded Klein
like a discontinuous iron fence.
In the blink of an eye, one of the black rifts cracked open, revealing an
eyeball filled with blood strands. In the center of the eyeball was a deep
pupil, and in it, countless tiny white worms were crawling and squirming.
One, two, three… Black rifts opened successively, and one by one, the
bizarre eyeballs were exposed in midair. They stared at Klein in a cold and
merciless manner.
As they appeared, everything around them froze in place. Even the illusory
spirits were unable to penetrate through them.
It even became hard for Klein to sense the existence of the spirit world. He
found it difficult to see the translucent figures that were located infinitely
high. He found it hard to see the different colors, the lustrous splendors
which contained various types of knowledge.
“Why did you only take the bookmarks?” A soft but unemotional female
voice entered Klein’s ear.
He froze on the spot and saw a tall bookcase, divided into two levels. The
top level almost reached the ceiling, with a staircase and a passage
surrounding countless books.
At the top of the stairs sat a figure shrouded by the darkness.
The figure’s feet, which wore black leather boots, hung from the wooden
stairs as they were suspended in midair.
I actually didn’t sense her existence at all… Is she some powerhouse from
the Machinery Hivemind? No, she might be a High-Sequence Beyonder!
Klein didn’t answer; instead, he narrowed his eyes.
“Why did you only take the bookmarks? Where did you learn to only take
the bookmarks?”
The figure asked once more. The gentleness had a hint of sternness, and the
bloodshot eyeballs surrounding him rapidly widened, as though they
wanted to occupy the entire space.
Before she could finish her sentence, Klein revealed a wide smile on his
face.
His illusory, nearly translucent figure instantly disappeared, leaving his
whereabouts unknown!
Even Azik’s copper whistle and the two bookmarks which were wrapped in
his spirit body had vanished!
…
Above the gray fog, within the majestic ancient palace.
Klein’s figure suddenly appeared at the top of the long, mottled table.
He leaned back into his chair and said with a chuckle, “Fortunately, I was
prepared.”
The state of his spirit body wasn’t part of his Beyonder powers. It didn’t
originate from the transformation between his physical body and spirit
body. This was the result of him summoning himself and responding to his
ritual.
And the power of this ritual came from the mysterious space above the gray
fog. It stemmed from its special nature!
Hence, as long as Klein succeeded, he wouldn’t even need to try to escape.
By just ending the summoning directly, he would be able to return to the
gray fog and, from here, instantly return to his physical body in the real
world!
As the space above the gray fog could block the power of deities like the
Eternal Blazing Sun and the True Creator, Klein believed that, without the
interference of deities, the summoning wouldn’t be interrupted!
As long as the enemy didn’t kill his spirit body or instantly knock him
unconscious, Klein had the confidence to escape!
This was also the reason why he didn’t want to become a spirit body and
still make a “long trek” over to the museum. The more time spent, added
even more variables.
…
As the faint and dark crimson moonlight shone in from the window, the
woman sitting at the top of the stairs between the bookshelves looked at the
desk in silence. She looked at the spot where Klein had been. The
surrounding cries of the baby and the eyeballs had disappeared one after
another.
After an unknown period of time, the top of the stairs suddenly became
empty, as if no one had ever been there before.
In the exhibition hall which housed Roselle’s diary, Max Livermore said to
his two team members, “Watch this place well. I’ll go find the infiltrator.
“He must still be trapped somewhere on the first floor by the power of the
Sealed Artifact!”
As he spoke, he looked at the Sealed Artifact, the “model” of the first floor
of the museum in a bid to find the red dot which represented the infiltrator
and lock onto that person’s location.
However, no matter how he looked and counted, something didn’t seem
right.
The number of people hadn’t increased!
“This…” Max Livermore froze where he was.
…
18 King’s Avenue, in a certain wealthy merchant’s storage room.
Klein’s eyes lit up again, and the corners of his mouth curled up.
He left the bookmarks and Azik’s copper whistle above the gray fog, and he
didn’t waste time returning to his body.
After extinguishing the candles and ending the ritual, Klein cleaned up the
scene. He used a specially concocted medication to neutralize the smell of
the Holy Night Powder and the essential oils from the ritual.
After doing all of this, he dispelled the wall of spirituality, allowing the
wind to blow away the remaining traces.
Next, he took out his Master Key, planning to go through buildings before
taking a rental carriage a distance away.
Using his cane to determine his direction to prevent himself from getting
lost and heading back to the Royal Museum or to a particular cathedral,
Klein headed off at a brisk pace, opening the walls and doors that stood in
his way with the Master Key.
After walking in a straight line for a while, he suddenly felt like he was
unable to determine his position.
Hmm… Two more buildings and I’ll be out. If I’m no longer on King’s
Avenue, I’ll get a rental carriage, or I’ll make another divination? I’ll
immediately study the Card of Blasphemy once I’m home! Klein quickly
made up his mind. He placed the brass key which was simply shaped
against the wall and gently twisted it.
As the formless ripples spread out, he arrived at a neighboring building of
the terraces.
At this moment, his nose twitched as he smelled a strong stench of blood.
The strong smell of blood! Klein frowned. He looked up and saw a lady laid
out in the living room ahead of him.
The woman’s expression was filled with pain. There was a large wound at
her abdomen, and her internal organs seemed to have disappeared.
At the same time, Klein heard grunting noises.