Chapter 1237

Distribution
As the golden rays of light shone down, Klarman, a Shaman King, who had
lived for more than a thousand years, collapsed into pieces at the entrance
of the Evernight cathedral. Every part of his body was charred black,
completely drained of its blood.
Amongst them, something fell out of his black-robe ashes. It was a normal-
sized palm. Its skin’s texture didn’t appear human at all, and it had a dim
luster. Its fingers were slender with balanced amounts of flesh and bone.
If he hadn’t seen it on such an occasion, Emlyn definitely would’ve
believed that the palm was a part of an exquisite doll.
Another head in Reinette Tinekerr’s hand swung forward as it quickly bit
the palm.
At the same time, Sharron’s figure turned incorporeal as she entered the
remains of Shaman King Klarman, speeding up the expelling of his
Beyonder characteristic.
Emlyn composed himself and looked at the Door of Summoning created by
Lilith’s Ring. His body suddenly turned into a hazy moonlight.
The crimson moonlight shattered into countless fragments of light.
The bright and devilish red scales swam around the area enveloped by the
moonlight, restructuring beside Klarman’s corpse into Emlyn White in his
tuxedo and bowtie.
Without looking at the Beyonder characteristic that had seeped out, he
dispelled the Unshadowed Crucifix, bent down, and picked up the Vision of
White that he had previously thrown to the side using his black velvet
glove.
His other hand shook Leymano’s Travels as he flipped the book to one of
the pages. The symbols and mysterious patterns on it all belonged to
“Traveling.”
Emlyn’s figure turned transparent as he vanished from the scene.
He followed the plan and was the first to leave after the operation ended. He
didn’t interfere with Sharron and company’s cleanup of the scene and their
clearing of traces. After all, he was the weakest one there. He had used up a
considerable amount of energy in battle while relying on the Sealed
Artifacts and mystical items.
As for the spoils of war, they would be distributed once they returned to
Backlund.
In this aspect, Emlyn fully believed in Gehrman Sparrow’s promise and the
Rose School of Thought’s temperance department’s credit.
After “Teleporting” back to an empty house in Backlund, he suddenly threw
down Leymano’s Travels. He took out a bronze box with many red gems
embedded in it, and he placed the Vision of White inside.
Only after doing this did Emlyn have the energy to take off the glove on his
left hand. He saw that his fingers were filled with blisters, swollen.
With the Sanguine’s regenerative ability, damage at such a level should’ve
long been healed, but in reality, it hadn’t improved at all.
The burns brought by the Vision of White will last at least seven days.
Emlyn took out ointment he had stored in a metal tube and squeezed out
some of it to apply it on his wound.
The soul-stabbing pain was immediately eased by the cooling sensation.
Emlyn slowly exhaled as though he had finally resurrected.
He had used a great deal of willpower to restrain himself from throwing the
Vision of White onto the ground. This was because once the Sealed Artifact
left his control, it would automatically absorb the light around it and emit a
radiant glow. To a Sanguine, this was an excellent way of committing
suicide.
Right on the heels of that, Emlyn took out a bottle of his blood that he had
extracted beforehand and smeared it on the surface of Leymano’s Travels.
Then, he drank another bottle of blood to ease the bloodthirst that Lilith’s
Ring brought about.
After such an operation, he finally removed the negative effects the Sealed
Artifact had on him.
Only at this moment did Emlyn have the time to recall the accident that had
happened during the battle.
The Door of Summoning that he projected with Lilith’s Ring didn’t
summon creatures from deep in the spirit world, but he ended up
summoning a strange moon.
The moon hung behind the Door of Summoning and silently illuminated
Shaman King Klarman, suppressing the various Beyonder powers that
belonged to the Moon domain.
If not for this change, even if Lilith’s Ring had summoned a saint-level
spirit world creature, the battle wouldn’t have ended so quickly. Perhaps
they would have had to wait until the Rose School of Thought temperance
angel descended to gain an overwhelming advantage.
…A silvery-white moon… Could it be that the Ancestor had provided me
with some help? Emlyn had a thought and made a corresponding guess.
This matched the identity of the Sanguine savior that the Ancestor had
appointed.
After careful consideration, Emlyn no longer had any doubts about this
guess, but unlike the past, he wasn’t that excited or thrilled.
After experiencing a battle at the demigod level and confirming that he was
shouldering such an important responsibility, he felt no sense of pride. His
heart was heavy from the pressure.
Phew… A few seconds later, Emlyn opened his mouth and whispered, “I’m
the savior of the Sanguine.”
When he said this, his expression was abnormally solemn, somewhat
dignified, without any hesitation.
…
In the house where Emlyn met Maric and Sharron.
When the Sanguine saw the perfect doll-like lady take out two items, he
heard her slightly ethereal voice say, “According to the agreement, we will
only take one thing. This is the rest.”
The two items were:
A fist-sized gem condensed from thick blood. It emitted a crimson glow,
like a miniature crimson moon. The other item was an exquisite male doll
with two black holes as its eyes.
Shaman King’s Beyonder characteristic… General of the Pupil-less Eye…
Emlyn nodded and saw that the two items seemed to have a life of their
own as they flew over.
Just as he reached out to catch it, he heard Miss Sharron add, “The Shaman
King Beyonder characteristic has some strange traces of corruption. Even
the Unshadowed Spear was unable to cleanse it.”
It means that I need to find an angel to help me shatter it to remove the
corruption? Emlyn completely understood what Sharron was saying as he
nodded slightly.
“I understand what to do.”
Sharron, who was wearing a small black bonnet, immediately floated up
and gave a curtsy.
“Thank you for your help.”
“Likewise.” Emlyn took off his hat and bowed in return.
…
Above the grayish-white fog, inside the ancient palace.
Klein looked at the wisps of black gas emanating from his body, shook his
head, and sighed.
I actually got cursed by the Abomination without realizing it… The
projection of the Chained God could be the culprit as well…
I was even separated by a historical projection…
If it were any saint without Sefirah Castle, they would probably experience
a sudden death after thinking they were safe.
As for Miss Messenger, there wasn’t much of a problem even without the
historical projection in between because “She” was a real angel. Therefore,
Klein wasn’t worried.
After the black gas dissipated, Klein waited for a while. He waited until
Emlyn sacrificed the items and requested Mr. Fool to help purify the
Shaman King Beyonder characteristic.
Strange corruption… From the Mother Tree of Desire or the Primordial
Moon? Klein picked up the miniature crimson moon and carefully observed
it for a few seconds.
During this process, he was on high alert, constantly preparing to mobilize
Sefirah Castle’s powers.
If he wasn’t at the level of an angel level here, he wouldn’t have agreed to
Emlyn’s sacrifice. Instead, he would’ve chosen to smite down with power at
the Sequence 2 level, shattering the characteristic and separating the
corruption remotely.
Back then, Klein didn’t even dare to divine the Werewolf Beyonder
characteristic that had been slightly influenced by the Mother Tree of
Desire. He had even hurriedly sold it.
After examining it seriously, Klein pressed his right hand, causing the entire
mysterious space to vibrate.
The miniature crimson moon shattered with a crack, splitting into tiny red
dots of light.
Amongst these light dots, there was a small amount of red mist that
evaporated, eventually forming a drop of fresh blood.
Then, the red light dots gathered again, constantly condensing before
transforming into the miniature crimson moon. However, compared to
before, it was more translucent and pure.
Klein conjured a fake hand, picked up the drop of seemingly fresh blood,
and discovered that it contained immense vitality.
It’s not at the angel level, but it’s a little strange… It seems to have received
an evil god’s blessings… As Klein cut off all the invisible connections that
resulted from the blood, he took a paper figurine and attempted to press the
drop of blood onto it.
The moment the blood came into contact with the paper figurine, it
immediately seeped in. In the next second, the paper figurine’s stomach
strangely bulged and exploded.
At the moment the paper figurine tore apart, a new paper figurine with a
hint of crimson crawled out from its stomach. It seemed to have fully-
developed features.
The power of reproduction… Klein frowned slightly as he stabbed with his
right hand, reducing the newly born paper figurine into powder.
A tiny amount of blood-colored mist emanated again, condensing into a
drop of blood.
The characteristic and spirituality were only slightly weakened… It needs
to be repeated more than a hundred times before it can be completely
removed… Klein silently assessed as he gathered the powers of Sefirah
Castle to seal the drop of blood.
He then looked up and cast his gaze at the male doll on the long mottled
table.
The palm-sized doll in a formal suit was prostrating; it didn’t dare to look
up.
Oh, how easy is it to deal with those with living characteristics… Klein
chuckled as he gathered the sealed drop of blood and brought it close
towards the doll named General of the Pupil-less Eye.
General of the Pupil-less Eye pushed itself up with all four limbs and
quickly retreated.
After a pause, it pressed its forehead against the table, emitting a sound
indecipherable to humans.
“Declaring your subservience? Very good…” Klein replied with a smile and
casually instructed, “Show me your abilities.”
After a series of demonstrations, he confirmed that General of the Pupil-less
Eye could possess a target and affect lifeless items. It also had some level of
control over mystical items that no one possessed or had spirituality
injected into.
The latter power might be very useful at certain times… Klein nodded
slightly and beckoned for it to jump into a box he conjured.
After carefully sealing it, Klein threw the box and the drop of blood into the
junk pile to let them familiarize themselves with their future lives.
As for the negative effects of General of the Pupil-less Eye, Klein believed
that they could discuss and resolve it amicably and normally.