Chapter 1373

: Facing
The avatar Klein created was a blueprint of his present state, and not
Dwayne Dantès, Sherlock Moriarty, or Merlin Hermes, so as to avoid any
obstacles in his self-awareness.
After experiencing the mutation brought by Adam, he became more careful
in such aspects.
Glancing at his avatar, Klein’s thoughts made his face turn blank.
The avatar extended its right hand and stirred Sefirah Castle’s strength to
grab at the main body.
Again and again, it failed more than ten times. Finally, it managed to extract
bits of dark light from the main body.
Finally… Klein sighed and extinguished the thought of trying to execute
this attempt during the actual battle.
Despite not resisting at all, with his body and mind at ease, his avatar had
still spent so much time failing while using Sefirah Castle’s level and
strength. It was easy to imagine its value in actual combat.
As more and more Beyonder characteristics left his body, Klein felt relaxed.
He felt like he had finally abandoned a heavy burden after a long walk.
Of course, there was a certain fluctuation in his mental state. After losing
the lingering mental imprint from Zaratul, the awakening of the Celestial
Worthy’s consciousness began to invade his mind.
This was within Klein’s expectations; therefore, he wasn’t flustered at all.
With his self-awareness that had long stabilized, his tenacious willpower,
and his ample anchors, he gradually resisted the corruption of the Celestial
Worthy’s will and found a new balance.
At the same time, when the Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic
that Klein hadn’t fully digested entered his avatar’s body, its blank face
suddenly twisted, growing out dark, lusterless eyes, and an indistinct white
long beard.
At this moment, it greatly resembled Zaratul.
However, it was unable to withstand the madness brought about by the
Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic. Its body rapidly developed
towards collapse as transparent, distorted maggots crawled out and slippery
and sinister tentacles extended out.
It lost control on the spot.
Klein didn’t stay idle. Without any hesitation, he moved his finger, making
the avatar turn into his marionette.
This terminated the process of losing control.
At this point, he had already made all preparations. His main body had
completely digested the potion, allowing him to be in a state to
accommodate The Fool’s Uniqueness. He also had a Sequence 1 marionette.
Following that, Klein leaned back into his chair and replayed what he was
about to do in his mind to see if there were any fatal flaws.
This is the most I can do for the battle of the deities. I can only do my best
afterwards… Hmm, am I being too optimistic about the first stage because
of the Goddess’s help and the supplementary River of Eternal Darkness’s
water? That’s why I’m not worried that the Antigonus family’s ancestor
won’t cause any accidents? After a round of scrutiny, Klein felt that he was
still not cautious enough. There was a little arrogance and carelessness in
the matter.
After some thought, he created another avatar which still had a blank face.
After completing this, Klein stood up, took out Creeping Hunger from the
fog of history, and wore it on his left hand.
This was a preparation for any possible small-scale battles. Under such a
scene, “Blink” was faster and more convenient than “Grafting.”
After adjusting his collar, Klein slowly surveyed the area and made his gaze
fall on the strange door of light that was stained with bluish-black. It landed
on the humans who were hanging there, wrapped in transparent “cocoons.”
As he scanned each and every one of them, his gaze landed on the three
shattered transparent “cocoons.”
In the next second, Klein’s figure vanished and appeared in the grayish-
white fog of history. He walked to the time before the First Epoch, and he
arrived at the stacked metropolis of old.
He stood at the top of a dilapidated skyscraper that barely stood erect. He
looked down at the pile of wreckage, the public transportation vehicles that
had turned into metal pancakes, and numerous overlapping sedans.
Amidst the silence, he swept his gaze across the remaining buildings. It
seemed to pass through the barriers of history, allowing him to see the
electric lamps lit up inside them.
The light from the lamps spread out gently, illuminating the glass and
skyscrapers, streets, and every corner of metropolis ruins.
After staring at it for a long time, Klein retracted his gaze and took a step
back to the real world.
Right on the heels of that, he directly teleported to the summit of the
Hornacis mountain range. He “saw” that ancient palace that was shrouded
in fog, dilapidated, and overgrown with weeds.
His marionette and avatar appeared in front of him, like two guards.
Facing the ancient palace, Klein pressed his top hat, raised his right hand,
and snapped his fingers.
The peak of the Hornacis mountain range instantly turned dark. Illusory
stars appeared around them.
Klein had “Grafted” this place to the astral world.
Without any hesitation, he led his marionette and avatar to the main door of
the ancient palace.
The marionette that looked almost identical to him was one step ahead. It
bent down, stretched out its hands, and slowly pushed the heavy stone door
open.
The door slowly creaked open, revealing the scene inside.
And it was different from the last time Klein sent the Trunsoest Brass Book
over. It was dark inside, making it impossible for anyone to see the
numerous corpses hanging above the hall, nor could he see the cluster of
transparent maggots that were sitting on the huge stone chair.
Without needing to guess, Klein made use of the intuition of a Seer at the
King of Angels level to confirm that this was the change caused by the
Evernight Goddess using the River of Eternal Darkness’s water to allow the
ancestor of the Antigonus family to enter a state of eternal slumber.
After the marionette and avatar entered, he slowly walked through the door
and entered the palace.
The darkness swayed and changed.
Numerous buildings appeared in the surroundings as figures walked along
the streets. Their voices spread out, causing the surroundings to become
lively and noisy.
The people ignored Klein and his marionette and avatar as they headed for
their destinations while chatting with each other.
They and the buildings were dark in color, almost close to black-and-white.
They were like old photos that came from deep within history that had
suddenly come to life.
This made Klein think of black-and-white holographic projections, the
scenes in the Historical Void, and those in real dreams.
He strolled through this town and walked along the elevating streets.
And the higher they went, the more magnificent the buildings became. The
massive stone pillar supported an exaggerated dome.
The people living in this “black-and-white photo” were generally tall. They
seemed to be learning, working, and resting.
The scenes here changed continuously, showing the birth of a baby, the
growth of a child, the ignorance of youth, the worries of an adult, the
pressure of a middle-aged man, and the sorrow of aging.
Of course, they were all interlinked with each other. Only a portion would
become the main theme at times.
As Klein ventured deeper, he saw the residents of the towns die.
Their loved ones weren’t overly sad. They carried the dead back home,
placed them on the bed with a pillow as if the corpses were still alive.
When Klein was about to leave the town’s borders, the dead got up from
bed, left their family, and walked out of their homes, heading towards the
highest point of the street.
There was also a city there. It seemed to be the City of the Dead, the
eventual refuge of life, a kingdom of eternal repose.
This was very close to where normal people lived. The latter was
distributed by the mountainside to the peak, while the former was on the
peak.
Others might be surprised by such a state, but Klein instantly understood
what this scenery meant.
This was because he directly saw Spirit Body Threads on the deceased.
The moment they were about to die, their Spirit Body Threads floated
towards the peak, controlled by an unknown existence.
That also meant that they had become marionettes.
Therefore, the deceased could leave their own families and head to the peak
after dying for some time.
And this was completely in line with the details mentioned in the “Research
of the Hornacis Main Peak’s Relics.”
The Nation of the Evernight belonged to the Mother of the Sky from the
Evernight pathway, but at the peak, there was a town used by the Antigonus
family’s ancestor.
Therefore, the residents of the Nation of the Evernight were respectful and
afraid of Evernight. They believed in the Mother of the Sky. At the same
time, they believed that death was not the end. They believed that their dead
loved ones would bless them from Evernight.
Indeed, death wasn’t the end. The City of Dead was just beside them—at
the peak. They could reach it just by walking, and the dead would continue
living their lives as marionettes.
In the eyes of ordinary people, this was undoubtedly the same as still being
alive.
The nation of the living and the City of Dead were like two ends of a road.
The distance between life and death was so close that they were like
neighbors.
This also explained why the Nation of the Evernight didn’t have tombs, as
the deceased didn’t need to be buried. They turned into marionettes and
headed for the peak.
This should be the Nation of the Evernight from back then… Klein nodded
slightly and proceeded towards the peak in the dark environment.
What entered his eyes was indeed a seemingly normal town, but everyone
here was a marionette.
After passing through the marionettes who dressed and looked different,
Klein entered the magnificent palace that seemed to honor a deity.
Deep in the palace, on the huge stone chair, a figure propped its elbow on
the armrest, its head leaning back against the chair.
“His” face was rather young, but “His” long hair was half-white. Half of it
was concealed, the other revealed; “His” appearance was that of a man, and
“His” eyes were darker than Zaratul’s, and they contained an indescribable
sense of the vicissitudes of life. “His” facial features were pretty good, but
“His” cheeks had a thick, black tuft of fur that resembled a wolf fur. “He”
gave off a feeling of both old-age and youthfulness, rationality and
madness.
This was the ancestor of the Antigonus family. This time, “He” didn’t
appear in the form of a Mythical Creature, and instead sat on a huge stone
chair in “His” original appearance.
At that moment, “His” eyes were tightly shut as though “He” was in a deep
sleep. And inside the hall, there were corpses wearing simple or luxurious
clothes hanging from the ceiling.
They were like inverted forests that swayed gently in the wind.
After entering a state of eternal slumber, the ancestor of the Antigonus
family finally managed to temporarily free himself from the state of losing
control and madness, and returned to how he was before? Klein stood in the
middle of the hall, looking at his target as he sighed.
The scene he saw of the Nation of the Evernight and the City of Dead
earlier was the dream belonging to Antigonus—a dream that lasted for more
than a thousand years.