Chapter 541

: Visitor
Sea King… Upon hearing the name to Jahn Kottman’s Sequence, the first
thing Klein thought of was the complete honorific name of the Lord of
Storms: “The King of the Skies, the Emperor of the Seas, the Lord of
Calamity, the God of Storms!”
Sequence 3 is Sea King… Sequence 0 contains the elements of Sea Emperor,
so it does match well… I wonder what Sequence 0 of the Storm pathway is
called… Klein looked out the window again and saw that, although the
weather was still gloomy, the morning sun was up. The sound of the tide
had retreated, and the rain had stopped.
He pulled back his thoughts and analyzed the situation from the information
that Danitz had revealed.
The potion name is Sea King, which means that the corresponding
Sequence 3 demigods, Saints, have to act as a Sea King. And all acting has
one premise, which is that one possesses all the powers needed…
As a Sea King, he would definitely be a powerful ruler of the seas that he
controls even if there’s a distance limitation. He would be able to walk
freely on the seabed, cause tsunamis as he wishes, raise the sea level, and
control marine life… Fighting in their “home ground,” they’re absolutely
capable of suppressing all demigods of the same level… The King of the
Five Seas and Queen Mystic are roughly at this level as well. It’s just that
there are differences in strength because of the different degrees of digestion
and their grasp on their powers?
But no matter what, as long as they’re at sea, Sea Kings are nearly
unbeatable…
With the abilities displayed by the Sea King, coupled with the oceanic
environment, if one hasn’t seen the Eternal Blazing Sun, True Creator, and
other true gods, it’s not incomprehensible that people would worship him,
believe in him, and pray to him…
Many of the deities who received primitive worship might be at this level.
They might not even be angels…
Yes, “don’t look directly at God” refers to a true deity. Previously, Sea God
Kalvetua didn’t give me such a feeling, nor did Amon’s avatar. Of course, I
can’t be sure if the actual body of a King of Angels has some kind of
attribute that also doesn’t allow one to look directly at them…
One is a Sea God who’s on the verge of collapse and at most, a Sequence 3,
while the other is a Sea King who is in good condition and is able to use
Sealed Artifacts at any time. The outcome is obvious. Jahn Kottman would
definitely be able to suppress Kalvetua’s madness to prevent the sea from
drowning Bayam. He would prevent the entire Blue Mountain Island and its
many cities from turning into a lost sea ruin…
Just wait a few more days. Kalvetua’s madness will completely dissipate
which will end up resolving the matter. This is the simplest and most
effective way to deal with the situation, and it wouldn’t bring about any
panic at all. Most people here wouldn’t even detect anything amiss.
However, there are also some problems. Firstly, there shouldn’t be any other
accidents. It’s a mystery what that archaeologist, Leticia, did in Symeem
Island. She had single-handedly orchestrated the death of the Sea God.
Perhaps the forces backing her—either the Moses Ascetic Order or the
Element Dawn—might take the opportunity to seek something. This is the
greatest dormant danger. Yes, there should also be a High-Sequence
Beyonder in the governor-general’s office and the military. This is a colony
base the kingdom has in the Sonia Sea… Things won’t turn out too bad…
Then, there are the fanatical believers who will most likely become
sacrifices as Kalvetua becomes madder and closer to its death. They are
like stalks during the harvest, falling down in bunches.
However, for the Church of Storms, this isn’t too bad of a development. The
most pious of the heretics would die with their deity, which would save them
the trouble of screening and handling them. If they aren’t too pious, they
wouldn’t be affected too much, and it’s possible to reform them… The only
drawback is that the Rorsted Archipelago would be lacking in manpower
for a long period of time. Although such a problem is troublesome, as long
as they grit their teeth, things can be resolved. Thus, the Church of Storms,
Sea King Jahn Kottman is more likely to sit back and do nothing… Phew, I
wonder how many people will die in the native enclaves and slums because
of this… Klein’s thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a uniform set of
footsteps and a roar high in the sky.
Instinctively, he looked up and saw airships painted in dark-blue, with
several cannon muzzles and machine guns sticking out, fly past him as they
headed in different directions.
On the main street, soldiers in red coats, white pants, and black leather
boots were lined up in neat rows. They were carrying rifles and dragging
cannons as contingents of them moved past.
The tense and solemn atmosphere suddenly spread.
This is a colony… Klein inexplicably felt mixed feelings as he sighed to
himself.
“I wonder how long it will take the Church to get rid of that sea serpent and
find the place where it’s hidden. That place is definitely a treasure trove
with countless precious items…” Danitz, whose main job was a treasure
hunter, suddenly spoke, appearing both expectant and full of regret.
His attitude had changed extremely quickly. He had already reduced the Sea
God to a sea serpent, using “it” as a pronoun.
The Church won’t do anything other than keeping the matter suppressed.
They’ll see Kalvetua perish just from waiting for a few days… Of course,
members of the Church of Storms might not have that kind of patience,
especially when I’ve heard that Jahn Kottman’s main job is being a high-
ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers. It’s just that with the
archipelago isolated overseas, he also works part-time as a cardinal to
unify his authority. Perhaps his style of doing things is more like that of a
Mandated Punisher… The place where Kalvetua is hiding? That ruin is
almost integrated into the spirit world. Finding it wouldn’t be so easy;
otherwise, it wouldn’t have led such an abject existence until today… At
this thought, Klein suddenly had an idea.
Finding the ruin where Kalvetua is hiding would be very difficult to find
from the real world. Since it has already perished, it’s not something that
can be found in a year or so, unless more accurate information is obtained.
But if the search was done from the spirit world?
The spirit world would make it even harder to pinpoint its location, but it
doesn’t completely lack options. Snake of Mercury Will Auceptin had once
done so with the help of his folded crane… I still have no idea how to do
that exactly, but that’s not important. I can ask Mr. Azik. Death’s domain
controls part of the authority of the spirit world… The Underworld, or
should I say “Hell,” was created by Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace in the
spirit world… A thought flashed through Klein’s mind. He took out the
ancient and exquisite copper whistle, put it to his mouth, and blew into it.
He believed that even if he returned to the bedroom or entered the
washroom, the messenger’s massive body would be discovered by Danitz,
who similarly had a nontrivial spiritual perception, so he didn’t avoid him.
Danitz was imagining the treasures of Sea God Kalvetua when he suddenly
felt a chill at his neck.
He felt something inwardly, and he quickly activated his Spirit Vision
before looking to the side. There, he saw white bones spewing out from the
floor and flying upwards, forming a giant skeleton with an illusory head
that pierced through the ceiling.
The skeleton slightly lowered its head; its two pitch-black flames at its eyes
were visible even through the ceiling.
The oppressive feeling brought by its massive body made Danitz jump to
the side. His body was half-bent, and he conjured a scarlet flame in the
palm of his right hand.
What kind of monster is this? Danitz looked at Gehrman Sparrow in
surprise, only to see him holding a copper whistle and lifting his head as he
looked at the skeletal monster.
Klein looked up at the huge messenger as the huge messenger looked down
at him. Both parties seemed frozen in place.
… Tsk, I was too anxious. I summoned the messenger before I even wrote
the letter… Should I make it stay here or let it return first and let it come
back later? I’m Gehrman Sparrow now, yes—Gehrman Sparrow! Klein
didn’t say anything. He indifferently withdrew his gaze, took his time to
find a pen and paper, and he began to write the letter.
He gave a general description of the matter regarding Sea God Kalvetua,
but he concealed the fact that he had nearly been possessed and how he had
to borrow the gray fog to dissipate the curse. He mixed in information about
Kalvetua’s ruins, where it hid, when describing the dream he just had.
“… Perhaps, a solution can be produced using the spirit world, but I lack
the corresponding knowledge and hope to receive your guidance.”
Klein folded the paper and turned to see that the messenger’s hand had
clenched at some point in time.
He pretended not to notice anything and threw the letter up.
The messenger paused for a second, then it opened its hand and caught the
letter.
Its body suddenly disintegrated, and its bones crumbled down, drilling into
the floor.
“What… What was that?” Danitz finally uttered a sound.
Klein glanced at him and replied calmly, “Messenger.”
Messenger? Danitz was stunned for a moment before understanding what
he meant.
Such a huge and terrifying monster is actually a messenger used for
delivering letters? Indeed, there’s a powerful secret organization behind
Gehrman Sparrow! I-if I had such a messenger, everyone on the ship would
envy me. It would be really, really cool! Danitz thought of how he would
brag and flaunt his messenger when he returned to the ship.
Putting away Azik’s copper whistle, Klein got a chair and sat down,
prepared to eat breakfast in a while.
After a while, he heard knocking at the door.
Danitz warily went over, and with the help of the peephole, he noticed that
the person at the door was a middle-aged man with a boat-shaped hat.
“Elland? How did you find this place?” Danitz asked as he opened the door.
The visitor was the captain of the White Agate, Just Elland.
With wrinkles at the corner of his eyes, Elland looked into the room and
chuckled.
“When you were checking into this hotel, you used Gehrman Sparrow’s
name for the registration. It’s easy with a look.”
That’s because this identity is quite proper and innocent. Besides, in the
eyes of the Church of Storms, I belong to the military… Klein slowly stood
up and said to Elland, “What happened?”
Elland pointed outside and said, “Bayam met with an accident, but it’s not a
big problem. The military has joined forces with the Church, and they’re
currently conducting a search and arrest operation throughout the city.
They’re searching for a few powerful Beyonders who are archaeologists in
name.
“In order to find the target as soon as possible, the military has used all their
resources, but it’s still not enough for such a large city. Heh heh, they
believe that although you’re of unknown origin, you’re very friendly to us.
They hope you can help with the search and prevent any accidents from
happening. The corresponding remuneration will be available after the
matter.”
This is all thanks to you for exaggerating my degree of friendliness… That
is to say, after the Church of the Goddess and the Church of Steam and
Machinery, I can once again receive money from the military? For a
moment, Klein felt mixed feelings.
Seeing that he didn’t answer immediately, Elland added, “Although there
won’t be any major problems, the earlier we find the target, the earlier we
can control the corresponding disaster.
“And perhaps that might save a few more people.”
Klein fell silent for a moment before gently nodding.
“Okay.”