Chapter 623

: First Night
As he touched the Ninth Law charm in his pocket, Klein adjusted his height
and details regarding his appearance, making him look identical to Amyrius
Rieveldt.
He walked out from the sundry room by using another door and walked
down a silent corridor, back into the governor-general’s office.
On the way, waiters and maidservants would occasionally pass by him, but
no one dared to look straight at him. Just catching sight of his admiral
uniform would have them scurrying to the sides as they bowed with their
heads lowered.
Any person of the same height could probably find his way into the banquet
hall when donning these clothes… I have to say, acting as an important
figure can be easier than acting like an ordinary person… Klein continued
looking straight as he maintained his somber attitude. He walked towards a
path paved with black brick in an unhurried fashion.
He soon heard beautiful and melodic music as elegant wall lamps were
burning with gas, illuminating the dark environment.
Just as Klein approached a break room, he saw a room open. A middle-aged
man had been waiting there as he walked over.
The man had black hair and blue eyes. His facial features somewhat
resemble Amyrius, but his forehead was higher and his eyebags were puffy.
The corners of his mouth didn’t droop.
He was none other than Amyrius Rieveldt’s youngest brother, Aston
Rieveldt.
This gentleman had once served in the navy, and he had been promoted to
colonel after rendering meritorious services in the Southern Continent’s
colonies. Later, he got sick of his military career, and together with political
balance, he agreed to a switch in career and became the governor-general.
In the five to six years he was in Oravi, due to the importance placed on the
island’s location and resources, he pushed for the Rieveldt family to mass
purchase farmland and estates, allowing him to own plenty of property.
This wasn’t completely obtained through his powers either. Aston and the
Rieveldt family had paid a sufficient price, and they even took loans with
the bank. It wasn’t like the Balam east coast where land belonging to the
Feysac people were forcefully bought at extremely low prices.
Of course, if he wasn’t Governor-general, then Oravi and his elder brother
wouldn’t be the highest commander of the Central Sonia Sea’s navy, and
the Rieveldt family wouldn’t have so easily convinced their targets to sell
such excellent farmland and estates.
Here comes the test… Klein calmly approached and stopped in front of
Aston Rieveldt.
Aston looked around and asked in a deep voice, “Have you decided on that
matter?”
What matter… Klein first felt blank before he recalled an introduction in the
information he received—”if Aston requests for a private chat or asks for an
answer to a certain matter, tell him that an answer will be given to him
when departing from Oravi.”
Admiral Amyrius really anticipated this. I just need to watch my attitude
and tone. Yes, I also need to use the unique terms and pronunciations used
by Loen aristocrats… Klein gently nodded and sternly said, “Wait a few
more days.
“The answer will be given to you when departing from Oravi.”
Aston didn’t raise any doubts as he chuckled.
“You seem to be waiting for something to give you the strength to decide.”
That matter that Admiral Amyrius has to do himself? Klein’s heart stirred as
he familiarly used the tone of high-level personnel.
“Keep your conjectures to yourself.”
With that said, he took a step forward and walked towards the banquet hall.
Aston Rieveldt focused on his elder brother’s back, his expression gradually
turning cold. He then shook his head slightly.
After entering the banquet hall, Klein surveyed the area and walked towards
the long table with food on it. From time to time, he would stop to exchange
pleasantries with people who came near him.
During this process, he realized that he didn’t need to understand the topics
raised in any conversation. All he needed to do was nod occasionally,
allowing the conversation to harmoniously progress until its end.
Indeed, the status of an important figure makes certain aspects of acting
easy, but correspondingly, there are certain matters that can be difficult…
Klein tore through one “obstacle” after another before finally arriving at the
long table.
He casually picked up a plate and told himself that Admiral Amyrius liked
fish, beef, and lobster, while disliking chicken and goose. Therefore, he
avoided food like the roasted chicken and Backlund-styled roasted goose.
He picked up some beef, fried Dragon-Bone Fish, and Odora lobster with
butter and cheese.
As the metallic containers had their bottoms lined with asbestos, with red-
hot charcoal burning under it or steaming-hot water, all of the food
maintained an appropriate temperature. Klein nearly broke down,
destroying his persona when he took the first bite.
He tried his best to maintain Admiral Amyrius’s image as he held his plate
and chatted with the port city’s member of parliament, navy suppliers, etc.
He seriously listened to what they had to say, stuffing food into his mouth
from time to time.
He noticed that a young man in a tailcoat kept following behind him.
He had neat, blond hair that he combed backward. He had a receding
hairline with light-blue eyes. He looked handsome and gentlemanly.
Identical to the picture. Amyrius’s secretary, Luan… Klein controlled
himself and didn’t size him up. He wanted to fill his stomach before the end
of the banquet.
Once out of the governor-general’s office, Klein boarded the carriage which
was guarded by bodyguards. He sat beside the wine cabinet.
The blond secretary, Luan, followed him in. As his leather boots stepped
onto the thick, soft carpet, he silently inched towards a spot opposite Klein.
He sat there, but he only occupied a third of the seat.
The carriage began moving as Luan took out a stack of documents from the
black briefcase he carried.
“Your Excellency, this is the Oravi naval base’s ledger for the year 1349.”
Klein extended his hand over and casually browsed through a few pages.
What? A pound for a roll of toilet paper? The naval base’s bathroom was
renovated twenty times a year? Klein did some simple math and discovered
all sorts of ridiculous line items.
Isn’t accounting such as this way too simple and obvious? I can even give
them classes and specially teach them how to make claims! Klein seriously
considered the attitude he should show.
From his point of view, the greatest difficulty in disguising as Amyrius was
to fool Luan.
This wasn’t to say that Governor-general Aston and Miss Cynthia weren’t
as familiar with Admiral Amyrius as his secretary. It was just that, as his
younger brother, Aston might help his brother conceal the matter if he
discovered something amiss after being given a hint. Similarly, as his
mistress, Cynthia would be inclined to help conceal the matter for the
admiral as his dependent.
Of course, the possibility that Cynthia was a spy couldn’t be eliminated.
There was still the matter of there being a chance of being used by a spy,
but nothing could be as dangerous as Luan, whose duty was to monitor the
admiral.
I can’t expose any problems… What kind of attitude would Admiral Amyrius
have when faced with such a report? Go into a rage, or pretend to be in a
rage? No, the Oravi naval base personnel wouldn’t be that daring to hand
over a clearly problematic report as though he were blind. They must have
a certain level of confidence and a tacit understanding between them… As
the information didn’t mention this, Klein could only make a judgment
based on his experience.
Furthermore, he could confirm that either the Oravi naval base’s report was
beyond Admiral Amyrius’s expectations or was determined to be of little
importance. Just based on the schedule, it was something that could easily
be dealt with.
Regardless of the possibilities, I have to use the attitude that a person of
high standing will usually employ. That is to not indicate my stance… Klein
closed the documents and handed it back to the blond secretary, Luan. He
said expressionlessly, “Put it on my desk.”
In between the lines, this sentence meant: “I’ll look through it carefully.” To
others, it would mean something different based on their standpoints.
If the Oravi naval base had done it without warning, this meant that the
admiral was somewhat dissatisfied and was awaiting an explanation.
If the two had reached a tacit, mutual understanding on the matter, it meant
that Admiral Amyrius wished to obtain more favorable benefits in the
matter. As for whether it would offend anyone, Klein didn’t care. After all,
he wouldn’t be Amyrius Rieveldt in a few days time. He believed that a true
demigod had the means to repress the anger of his subordinates.
In addition, he was grateful that Amyrius wasn’t a demigod of the Church
of Storms. Otherwise, he had to consider whether to nod his head and pass
the report, or throw the document back in anger while throwing a few
people in passing into the sea to feed the fishes.
“Yes, Your Excellency.” The blond secretary, Luan, didn’t change his
expression. He stuffed the document back into his black briefcase as though
he had long expected such a response.
On the way back, Klein leaned into the carriage according to Amyrius
Rieveldt’s habits. He half-closed his eyes as though he was contemplating
certain matters, but in fact, he wasn’t thinking of anything.
Luan maintained his silence and didn’t speak at all.
Human-height iron-black street lamps were quickly left behind as the
carriage drove close to the naval base before taking a bend into a house
with a garden and lawn.
Just as Klein walked up the steps, a butler opened the door for him as
servants lined the two sides, reverently awaiting his entrance.
The living room was decorated in a very classic manner. There were oil
paintings of beautiful scenery hung up, limestone statues, simple and
elegant vases, etc. A faint but lingering fragrance emanated in the room, one
that reached into the heart.
Klein, who should’ve relaxed, ended up tensing up as he saw a beautiful
lady walk towards him in a home gown.
She looked to be in her early twenties. Her blonde hair cascaded down, and
when she cast her blue eyes over, it was as though there was a glow hidden
within them. While filled with gentle feminineness, there were still some
remnants of her youth. She was none other than Admiral Amyrius’s
mistress, Cynthia.
Klein held back his discomfort and allowed Amyrius’s stern face to reveal a
smile as he widened his arms.
Cynthia threw herself into his arms and tiptoed. With her cheeks by his
cheek, she whispered with a smile, “Admiral, I’ve already heated the water
for you in the bathtub.”
This means she had someone monitor the end of the banquet… Being a
mistress isn’t something simple either… Admiral Amyrius does like to take
hot baths so as to relax his thoughts… In order to ignore how close their
cheeks were, Klein allowed his thoughts to wander.
As a straight man, he should’ve felt embarrassed while also being rather
glad to be approached by such a beautiful member of the opposite sex.
However, the temporary contract made him have zero urges. Hence, all that
was left was awkwardness.
“Very good,” Klein praised her as he gently pushed Cynthia away, having
had nowhere to place them.
Knowing that the admiral didn’t like to be intimate in front of the servants,
Cynthia retreated and led Klein to the second floor. He was brought into the
bathroom as he prepared a bathrobe for him.
After doing all of this, Cynthia instructed the servants not to come to the
second floor unless they heard the bell ring. Then, she returned to the
bedroom, took off all her clothes and changed into a nightgown made of
silk.
Her nightgown revealed plenty of her chest. It was an alluring snow-white,
and deep in her cleavage was a special necklace pendant. It was like a
miniaturized black rhinoceros horn about the length of a finger segment.
Cynthia took off the necklace and stuffed it under her pillow. Amidst her
blushing and hesitation, she left the bedroom and came outside the
bathroom where the admiral was bathing. Mustering her strength, she
pulled at the handle.
Creak. Her hand paused. She realized that the bathroom’s door had been
locked from the inside at some point in time.
With a blank look, Cynthia instinctively yanked at it again.
Creak. Creak. The bathroom’s door didn’t budge an inch.