Chapter 1269

The Power of Wishes
Klein originally believed that the “Wishes” ability could be used freely as
long as it didn’t exceed a limit. To his surprise, the effects didn’t solely
come from the Beyonder characteristic.
To put it simply, a Miracle Invoker needed to seek out and satisfy all kinds
of wishes before they could make wishes and personally grant them during
battles, turning the corresponding situation into a reality. Furthermore, at
the very beginning, the wishes that Klein could fulfill were small and
trivial. He had to accumulate them one step at a time before he could create
a true miracle. He couldn’t do as he wished.
Yes, if I want to use Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar’s wishing method to
teleport, I would have to first satisfy many similar wishes. It comes from
others, from simple to the more difficult wishes… I do have a solution in
this aspect. I can use Creeping Hunger and the Staff of the Stars to fulfill
the corresponding wishes. There’s no need to start from the simplest…
Speaking of which, the “Wishes” ability resembled using an anchor. It’s a
type of “collective” ability. Since the faithful’s understanding of deities can
effectively affect the deities and become a certain “definition” for “Them,”
helping “Them” resist the Primordial One’s mental imprint in the Beyonder
characteristics, in the same way, similar wishes of different creatures with
spirituality can indeed help me create a miracle…
This might be related to the sea of collective subconscious. It’s not
scientific enough, but it’s fairly mystical… After figuring out the situation
of the “Wishes” ability, Klein had a preliminary idea of how to act as a
Miracle Invoker.
That was to walk the real world, and as the most powerful “magician,” he
would allow different people to witness a miracle and satisfy their wishes.
It’s no wonder the Dark Demonic Wolf’s original title was the God of
Wishes… When such a belief spreads, many people would use the method
of praying to voice out their wishes, allowing the Miracle Invoker to
respond from afar. This makes acting a lot simpler. It can save a lot of time,
but the problem is that the potion’s name is Miracle Invoker and not the
God of Wishes. The role one needs to act as is that of a deity, so there are
still some differences between the two…
I can roam the various countries and let different people witness miracles
while using The Fool’s name to satisfy some of the believers’ wishes. I’ll
then see which would be more effective…
However, this isn’t the only way to act as a Miracle Invoker… I still need to
take the initiative to create a miracle in real life, leaving behind the
corresponding legend? Klein tapped the edge of the long mottled table with
his finger as he silently muttered to himself.
During his scrutiny of his own body moments ago, he realized that he had
digested more than half of the potion. After all, he had created miracles
several times. He had even been “revived” three times.
Of course, Klein believed that it was very coincidental because he could
create a “miracle” and act in advance, mainly because of Sefirah Castle.
It’s as though someone set me up… Klein sighed inwardly as he didn’t feel
relaxed. Instead, he became more serious and wary.
As for who arranged it, he had a suspect.
The “Mysteries” that the ancient sun god mentioned, the existence
suspected to be “The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.”
And what made Klein even more puzzled was that when he advanced to
Sequence 2 and became an angel, The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and
Earth for Blessings didn’t appear, neither did “He” awaken in his body after
he experienced the qualitative changes.
This was completely different from what he had expected.
There weren’t any traces of it at all. Apart from the initial mental corruption
from the Primordial One—something that will definitely arrive—it should
be the spiritual imprint left behind in the Beyonder characteristic… Could it
be that The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings has
completely perished despite making all the arrangements? “He” doesn’t
have the ability to influence me and revive from my body? If that’s the case,
then I have to thank “Him”! Klein teased himself and stood up with caution
and puzzlement.
With this thought, he appeared on the grayish-white cloud and arrived in
front of the strange door of light.
Glancing at the transparent “cocoons” hanging above his head, Klein slowly
extended his right hand and touched the door of light.
When he truly became the owner of this mysterious space, he had clearly
realized a fact when he returned. It was that the strange door of light was
core to this place. It was Sefirah Castle in the truest sense of the word, and
this boundless void belonged to the divine kingdom that Sefirah Castle
came with.
As for the ancient palace, the twenty-two high-back chairs, the long bronze
table, and the items that the members of the Tarot Club usually conjured,
Klein believed that they were a manifestation of the “Wishes” power.
In other words, back when he wanted a palace and a gathering place,
Sefirah Castle had satisfied his wish.
And because he didn’t have a specific description of his wish, Sefirah
Castle had extracted scenes from similar wishes in the past. Klein suspected
that the ancient Greek palace and the twenty-two high-back chairs were
conjured by the existence that was suspected to be the Celestial Worthy of
Heaven and Earth for Blessings.
As he moved inch by inch, Klein pressed his right hand against the edge of
the door of light.
This time, his palm didn’t directly pierce through it as he touched
something corporeal.
Suddenly, the door of light began to tremble slightly, along with the hanging
“cocoons” which contained human figures.
Above the grayish-white fog, there was only an ancient palace in the
endless void. Numerous skyscrapers rose rapidly. Cars appeared one after
another as pedestrians suddenly appeared.
In one of the residential districts, in an ordinary rental apartment, there was
a window illuminated by an energy-saving bulb that wasn’t bright enough.
This was what the old metropolis from before the First Epoch looked like
before the disaster. This was the place Klein had once lived.
Looking around, Klein sighed, letting everything disappear before his eyes.
Indeed, I can preliminarily use Sefirah Castle’s powers… By relying on this
point, I would already be close to the level of a King of Angels when I’m
above the gray fog. Furthermore, the authority I show isn’t only that of
Miracles, but also a portion of a Planeswalker and a Trojan Horse of
Destiny…
If I were to return to the real world, apart from being able to further utilize
Sefirah Castle’s aura, I would be able to directly obtain a portion of its
powers… This should allow me to form a nascent divine kingdom and
reach Sequence 1 in here… Unfortunately, in reality, I can’t use the high-
level Beyonder powers of Marauder and Apprentice… As Klein evaluated
the situation, he cast his gaze at the transparent cocoons hanging above the
door of light.
He ultimately didn’t release the people inside, because they would
definitely be used by Amon.
After confirming everything, Klein returned to the ancient palace and sat on
the high-back chair of The Fool.
He remembered that some of his memories were sealed, so he summoned
the piece of paper from the junk pile.
Upon opening it, Klein’s eyes narrowed and his lips quivered as he
muttered to himself, “Great Old Ones, Outer Deities, Cosmos, Creator,
Above the Sequences… So that’s how it is…”
At that moment, he completely understood the rationale behind the battle of
gods that had just ended. He understood the possible origins of the
apocalypse and understood why the seven deities had given tacit consent to
the birth of a Black Emperor, and their indifference towards the Red Angel
evil spirit’s return to the real world.
From the information provided by Leonard and Miss Justice, Loen
ultimately clinched victory. It’s very likely that the God of Combat has
already perished… In other words, the Goddess has succeeded, but I don’t
know what other conditions “She” is lacking to become a Great Old One
that’s Above the Sequences… I’ll summon Arrodes later to inquire about
the details of the situation and grasp the present situation… With this in
mind, Klein recalled the various details of the past and connected many
matters together.
Earth Mother, whose identity had been unknown, had succeeded in acting
as the Giant Queen Omebella for thousands of years without being exposed.
It’s impossible without the help of Concealment… Man, the Goddess has
been plotting something like this from the Third Epoch or even the end of
the Second Epoch?
W-why does this feel more terrifying than Amon…
Yes, Concealment can only hide traces of various aspects. It can mislead the
corresponding prying and divination attempts, making it impossible for a
person to don a disguise. For the Earth Mother to be able to pretend to be
Omebella, without being suspected by the God of Combat, there may be
other factors involved… For example, a particular existence helped “Her”
steal the fate of the Giant Queen? At that time, there was only one person
who had the authority to participate in this matter—the ancient sun god, the
second Creator, Amon and Adam’s father…
If that’s the case, the Goddess and the ancient sun god should’ve cooperated
from a long time ago. Until the new Creator awakened the Primordial One
in “Him”… This can also explain why the first existence that Dark Angel
Sasrir sought out was the Goddess. Of course, Concealment is also an
important factor…
Ever since I obtained the Uniqueness of the Death pathway, the Goddess
has been setting up the trap. On the one hand, “She” wants me to take over
the Numinous Episcopate’s Artificial Death faction in Backlund to pretend
that everything is normal. On the other hand, “She” didn’t deal with the
people or objects that might’ve discovered something was amiss, resulting
in the leak of information. This way, in the eyes of the God of Combat, the
situation became the Goddess trying “Her” best to conceal the secret, but
due to “Her” lack of control while digesting the Uniqueness, “She” was
unable to do so…
After that, be it tacitly acquiescing George III becoming the Black Emperor,
or the aid provided to me in destroying “His” ritual, the Goddess doesn’t
care about the final outcome of the matter. “Her” main goal was to show
that “She” didn’t have the ability to directly interfere with the real world,
further deepening the impression that “She” was attempting to
accommodate the Uniqueness of the Death pathway…
There are a lot of similar details…
To the God of Combat, as “He” had a deeper understanding of the Goddess,
“He” definitely wasn’t fully convinced in regards to this matter. Therefore,
“He” chose to take it safe by first shaking the Goddess’s anchors, allowing
“Her” psyche to be corrupted. To “Him,” this definitely made “Her” divert a
large portion of “Her” efforts to resist the corruption before “He” chose to
attack the Goddess together with Earth Mother…
This… And it’s because of this that “He” fell into the Goddess’s trap…
In other words, the true goal of the Goddess’s various actions wasn’t to lay
a trap with the Uniqueness of the Death pathway, but to let the other deities
place their focus on this matter, and ignore the possibility that there was
something wrong with Earth Mother…
How terrifying…
Klein sighed from the bottom of his heart. He felt that Adam and Amon
were probably inferior to the Goddess when it came to horror.
He shook his head, conjured a pen and paper, and wrote his warning:
“Always remember you are a he, not a ‘He.'”