Chapter 840

: Using His Advantage
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
With all the abnormalities vanishing, Klein heaved a slight sigh of relief. He
began to observe his surroundings. Then, he selected a shadowy spot that
wasn’t too dark due to the faint moonlight. This was to prevent himself
from suffering any sudden attacks.
And the few seconds from before had made him come up with a theory
about the faint figures and beast-like growls.
They were previously corpses that were hung inside the cathedral,
producing the ravings of “Hornacis… Flegrea…”!
When Klein passed through the wall and left the cathedral, the corpses that
hung from above had turned to face the lit candle, and there weren’t any
figures on the street until Klein remotely used Flame Controlling and
extinguished the flame. Everything was the same as before!
When the crimson moon is clear and one’s spirituality is enhanced, the
“magnet” at the top of the cathedral will have a stronger influence on the
foggy town. It will be able to control those corpses to loiter around and
pretend that everything is normal? If that really is the case, the light might
actually be attracting the controller’s attention. Under such circumstances,
if the flame isn’t extinguished and the source is locked on, it might result in
an extremely terrifying outcome. Hmm, I can’t rely on Flame Controlling to
repeatedly divert the “attention” of those figures… Klein reminded himself.
Then, he turned to use his Spirit Body Threads vision that he didn’t
deactivate, to size up the bread, stewed beef potatoes, and red wine on the
dining table.
He suspected that the food here was part of the “magnet” at the top of the
cathedral. If it was consumed, one’s Spirit Body Threads would be
corrupted, and it would cause them to be unable to resist floating towards
the cathedral. This also explained why eating the food caused them to
vanish. They ended up being hung up to dry in the cathedral and be let out
to “walk” when the crimson moon turned clear. This matched Mr. A’s
description of the vanished people’s reappearance under the bright
moonlight.
At a glance, Klein discovered that the food was like living beings. They had
Spirit Body Threads extending out, reaching towards the ancient cathedral.
The most special point about them was that they had only one Spirit Body
Thread, obviously being different from the dense, countless Spirit Body
Threads of a normal living creature.
Indeed, it’s close to my theory… After obtaining some validation regarding
his theory, Klein retracted his gaze and considered how to deal with
Demoness of Despair Panatiya.
Beside him, Wraith Senor in his ancient triangular hat and dark red robe
appeared. This marionette’s bones cracked as his face squirmed. Soon, he
turned into Gehrman Sparrow.
This was a marionette using the powers of a Faceless!
Klein observed his double for a moment and realized that there were some
flaws. The clothes couldn’t be changed, and if he concealed them with an
illusion, it wasn’t possible for him to fool a demigod-level Demoness of
Despair. Even Mr. A might not fall for it.
After some thought, he made Wraith Senor take off his clothes. As for
himself, he took off the black clergyman robe, and they switched clothes
with one another!
While wearing the clothes and hat, Klein’s expression turned odd. Over the
past two months, the marionette had been wearing the same outfit. It had
been down the sewers and experienced an explosion, so there were all sorts
of smells mixed into the clothes. It wasn’t a pleasant smell.
Sigh, my present suffering is all a result of my laziness prior to this… Klein
sighed silently as he completed changing his appearance. He had turned
into Gehrman Sparrow dressed as a pirate captain.
At this moment, Senor had also changed into the black clergyman robe. His
aura was spirited and no longer cold. He looked no different from a living
person.
Klein deliberated for a moment and took off Creeping Hunger, allowing
Admiral of Blood to wear it on his left hand.
This way, the marionette was the perfect copy of Gehrman Sparrow!
One must go all the way when putting on an act… Besides, if Creeping
Hunger were to revolt at this moment, then it will be eating the marionette.
Heh heh, once the marionette lapses, will it feel cheated? It’s like it ate a
placebo… As Klein got Senor to get used to his state and take away the fish
meat, he seriously began formulating plans.
Relying on a marionette that can use my Beyonder powers wouldn’t be able
to defeat a Demoness of Despair, even stealing the obsidian rock from her is
nearly impossible. She’s a genuine demigod after all…
Even though this extremely convincing marionette gives me a chance of
achieving success in battle, such as letting it draw her attention while I
complete a sudden sneak attack and constantly swap positions; thus,
confusing Panatiya so that she can’t make an accurate judgment, I can’t
make up for the disadvantage that stems from the difference in our levels
and strength to achieve my goals…
I can consider using the marionette to engage in close combat and attempt
to control Panatiya’s Spirit Body Threads. He’s already a corpse, so he
wouldn’t be affected by the plague. I can catch her by surprise using this
method… But there are too many problems. First, the mysticism “viruses”
and “germs” that a Demoness of Despair creates will grow in strength. At
its peak, will it be able to affect a zombie? Second, does she still have other
Beyonder powers I’m not aware of… There’s a high chance that it’s the
case!
Hmm, I’ll first make a list and write down my advantages or things that are
on par with the Demoness of Despair. Let’s see if I can get any ideas…
I can disguise myself. A marionette using its Beyonder powers can be
considered at the level of a demigod. Instantaneous swapping is also one.
Apart from them, there isn’t anything else… Yes, considering Demoness of
Despair’s current state, I seem to have something that I’m better at than
her…
She’s in a half-crazed state. Her reason comes and goes at random, and she
does extreme things. She’s easily led around by her instincts. Hmm,
although she’s still good at incitement and allurement, that’s an innate
quality for catching prey. As for me, I’m in a normal state, and I haven’t had
any problems with my rationality yet. I’m still able to think and analyze…
Don’t tell me I need to come out on top using my wit?
An idea came to Klein as he gradually formulated a new train of thought
and plans.
Why must I fight Demoness of Despair Panatiya to the death at this
moment?
She definitely yearns to escape this foggy town. Deep down in her heart,
this will be something that beats her instinctive need to eat! Furthermore,
she’s still full at the moment!
I can try to cooperate with her. She can provide that obsidian rock, and I’ll
draw the special and secret symbol, putting together the conditions for
opening the door…
Besides, I’m not too sure about Zaratul. Who knows what schemes “He”
might be up to. “He” might be secretly plotting something. By pulling a
Demoness of Despair into this, it can effectively make the situation chaotic
and restrain “Him” in some way!
Cooperation is a diplomatic choice, not a militaristic choice. The effects of
an intact stand-in at the demigod level has will definitely be better than
directly engaging in battle. This is equivalent to me obtaining benefits from
both sides!
Klein rapidly made a decision. As he pondered on the details of him
negotiating to cooperate, he patiently waited for the crimson moon to return
behind the fog.
After a while, the crimson moonlight that seeped through the dark-colored
curtains dimmed. Klein immediately made his marionette pass through the
wall and leave where he was hiding.
Then, Senor walked onto the streets with the appearance of Gehrman
Sparrow, walking straight towards the pitch-black cathedral.
In about ten seconds, Klein discovered that Senor was being affected by an
ailment.
To the dead, this was completely ineffective, but Klein could foresee that,
with the passage of time, the ailment would worsen and turn stranger. It
might even affect one’s nerves and spirituality. This would make the
zombie’s actions turn stiff. In the end, even its knees would be unable to
bend, making movement only being possible by hopping.
Thankfully, I didn’t choose to use the plan of letting my marionette control
the Spirit Body Threads. Klein immediately made Senor say out loud, “I
was inside the cathedral for a while, and I’m not dead.
“I found a way to escape from this place!”
After saying that, “Gehrman Sparrow” sniffed as though his resistance to
the ailment had weakened due to the declining state of his body.
And at this moment, the white-robed Panatiya suddenly appeared at the
door of the cathedral. Her hair had been tied up once again, looking neat
and tidy.
Her slightly crazy-looking but beautiful eyes looked at Gehrman Sparrow
as she took out a strangely profound obsidian rock.
The contours of the obsidian rock was identical to the inset on the wall
behind the cathedral’s statue!
“You need it?” Panatiya asked calmly.
Klein discovered that the Demoness of Despair had dispelled her plague
and ailment as he hurriedly made Senor nod.
“Yes. As long as you place it in the correct location in the cathedral, and
match it with a special symbol, we will be able to open a ‘door’ that allows
us to escape.
“I know that the cathedral’s interior is very dangerous to you, but this is
mainly a result of Spirit Body Threads. And as a Marionettist, I can control
Spirit Body Threads to prevent you from suffering the fate of being hung
up.”
Panatiya fell silent for a few seconds as she curled her lips. With a bright
smile, she returned with a question, “Then, I’ll become your marionette?
“Or you can stop helping me at the critical moment, making me turn into a
loitering figure under the moon?”
Klein was long prepared. He immediately made his marionette reply
earnestly, “What should I do to make you feel at ease?”
Panatiya didn’t immediately reply. After some careful thought, she said,
“Give me your hair and flesh.”
Curses that Demonesses are good at? Using Senor’s hair and flesh to curse
Gehrman Sparrow? Count me as the loser if that works! As Klein felt
grounded, he made the marionette appear in a difficult position.
“Then wouldn’t you be able to kill me at any moment?”
Panatiya replied with a smile, “You can hand me the hair and flesh only
when entering the cathedral.
“When inside, if there are any signs of me cursing you, you can give up
controlling my Spirit Body Threads. It will be the same the other way round
too. If anything abnormal happens to me, I’ll immediately curse you.
“Once the door is opened, I’ll leave first. And at the same time, I’ll return
the flesh and hair to you.”
“Gehrman Sparrow” hesitated for a long time as he discussed the details
with the Demoness of Despair. Finally, he nodded and said, “Alright, let’s
do it.”
Just as Panatiya wanted to say something, her eyes suddenly narrowed as
she slowly said, “For some reason, I’m still a little worried.”