Chapter 773

: Additional Development
William Sikes… A land steward… Klein inwardly repeated the response he
got before turning the topic of conversation towards the flag and the White
Rose War.
After a short chat, he politely bade farewell and walked towards the other
exhibits with Walter and Richardson. He continued his own tour of the
exhibits, as though his encounter from before was completely trivial, a
conversation that was purely coincidental.
When it was almost noon, Klein, who had returned to his high-end four-
wheeled carriage, looked out at the passing bicycles when he suddenly said,
“Walter, you seem to know Mr. William Sikes?”
Walter solemnly nodded and said, “I once knew him while I was working
for Viscount Conrad’s household.
“He served a member of the royal family, the former Earl of Lastings,
Prince Edessak.”
He didn’t conceal anything, and he described William Sikes’s background
in detail.
He was once in service of Prince Edessak? He’s living quite a good life
after the prince passed away because of the Great Smog of Backlund. I
wonder what manor he’s the land steward of… Perhaps he knows some
secrets? Klein gently nodded and didn’t probe further. He was wondering if
he should find an opportunity to investigate William Sikes.
If William Sikes really knows something, the royal family’s faction
wouldn’t leave him be. Or perhaps he is part of that faction. In short,
investigating him will be a rather dangerous matter. There’s no way to
entrust this matter to Miss Magician, Emlyn White, or Miss Xio… Miss
Sharron has the ability to do so, but this might result in destroying her
peaceful life… The best solution is still to use Hero Bandit Black Emperor.
But the problem is that before stealing the Antigonus family’s notebook, my
investigations of the Great Smog of Backlund should only be superficial. I
shouldn’t alarm anyone or bring about any accidental changes… Klein
appeared to admire the streets outside, but many thoughts were going
through his mind.
Finally, he decided to hold back for the time being, being unwilling to affect
the most pertinent matter he had at present.
After having lunch and taking a nap, Klein received classes in literary
appreciation until it was almost evening.
After sending away his teacher, he was just about to head to the second
story’s dining hall when he suddenly heard the doorbell ring.
Amidst the ringing, Klein saw Richardson immediately take a few steps
forward to open the door.
Standing outside were two police officers in black-and-white checkered
uniforms. From their epaulets, one of them was a high-ranking inspector,
while the other was a sergeant.
“Officers, how may I help you?” Richardson asked on behalf of his
employer.
The high-ranking inspector was a thin man and had his black hair hidden
under his peak cap. His sideburns had a little color as he swept his gaze into
the house before warmly saying with a smile, “I’m here for Mr. Dwayne
Dantès. There’s a case that involves him and his butler.”
“What is it?” Klein slowly walked to the door. “I’m Dwayne Dantès.”
After introducing himself, he asked politely, “Officers, how may I address
you?
“If the matter is a little more complicated and needs more time, why not
come to my parlor. We can discuss it over tea.”
The other police officer, the sergeant, was an elegant lady. She was clearly
interested in taking up the offer as she looked at the high-ranking inspector,
awaiting the decision of her superior.
Due to the Church of the Evernight Goddess, the Loen police force had
plenty of female officers, but due to the other faiths and the prevailing
trends of society, they suffered some form of discrimination when it came
to promotions and positions. They mostly did clerical work, and there was
an invisible ceiling for their career development.
The high-ranking inspector smiled and said, “There’s no need for tea, but
we need to question your servants.”
He paused before getting to the main point.
“Mr. Dwayne Dantès, do you know a person by the name of William
Sikes?”
“I got to know him this morning at the Royal Museum.” Klein vaguely
sensed that some sort of unexpected development had occurred as he asked,
“Did something happen to him?”
The high-ranking inspector wiped away his smile and said, “He’s dead. He
died at a hotel near the Royal Museum.”
“He’s dead?” Klein didn’t hide his puzzlement and shock.
I just met him, and he’s dead?
Had he already been targeted?
The inspector nodded solemnly and said, “Yes, the cause of death is rather
complicated, and we aren’t ruling out the possibility of murder.”
“What about his female partner?” Klein frowned as he asked. “He had a
female partner when I met him.”
“That lady was his mistress. When she left the hotel, William Sikes was still
alive. This can be confirmed by the attendants at the hotel because they had
later sent him red wine.” The inspector simply shared the situation and said,
“After leaving the Royal Museum, where did you go?”
“I came back here directly. I had lunch, took a nap, and attended lessons.
My servants, neighbors, and literary appreciation teacher can prove that,”
Klein frankly replied.
He then turned his head to Richardson and said, “Bring Walter here.”
Soon, Walter walked down from the second story with a white glove and
answered similar questions.
After receiving Dwayne Dantès’s permission, the two officers questioned
the rest of his servants, but they failed to find any problems.
They didn’t stay for long, politely bidding him farewell and visiting the
other neighbors.
Klein’s appetite wasn’t affected by this matter as he went to the second
story to enjoy his dinner.
Time quickly flew by as he spent the rest of the time reading books and
newspapers. Before sleeping, Klein took in the scenery outside the window
as he awaited his valet, Richardson, to take away the fruits in the room.
Suddenly, he asked without turning his head, “What did Walter do in the
afternoon?”
“He was busy handling various matters. He never left,” Richardson
answered softly.
Klein nodded gently without asking further. He began suspecting if he had
been overthinking matters.
Phew… He slowly exhaled before getting into bed.
In the middle of the night, Klein’s spirituality was triggered as he snapped
awake.
He pricked up his brows, left the bed, and arrived by the window. He pulled
back the curtains a little.
Under the dim moonlight, a figure carefully passed through the garden’s
trail and arrived by the perimeter walls before flipping over it.
He had a broad forehead with raven-black hair and stern brown eyes. He
was none other than Butler Walter.
“He’s agile and his motions are fluid. If he’s not trained, he’s a Low-
Sequence Beyonder…” Klein observed the scene as he made a preliminary
judgment.
He saw Walter’s shadows follow the streets until he arrived at the manhole
which Hazel often used to enter the sewers. He removed the manhole cover,
climbed down, and didn’t forget to close the cover.
Why is everyone so skilled at getting into the sewers? Mr. Butler likely
hasn’t done it in the past; otherwise, my spirituality would’ve warned me.
After all, he’s leaving from my “territory”… It means that before he became
my butler, he had performed such actions quite frequently elsewhere…
Klein curled his lips, returned to his bedside, and took out a the iron cigar
case from under his pillow.
He controlled Wraith Senor to tail Walter, wanting to see what he was up to.
I hope it doesn’t exceed 100 meters; otherwise, I’ll need to enter the sewers
as well… as Klein silently muttered to himself, he returned to the gap in the
curtains.
His marionette, Senor, immediately used the mysterious connection
between different mirrors to jump to the street lamp beside the manhole
before passing the manhole to silently tail Walter.
Klein saw that Walter turned into a more secluded and dark passage after
taking ten meters forward. On the wall were all kinds of moss and dirt.
Suddenly, the butler stopped and said to someone, “Why were you so rash?
“Why didn’t you wait for a better opportunity?”
Soon, a weak and slightly hoarse female’s voice replied to Walter’s inquiry.
“It was the best opportunity.
“Once he returns to that manor, there’s no knowing when he will come out
again.”
“But why would you be so seriously injured?” Walter said with sighs of
concern.
The female voice scoffed and said, “William Sikes is stronger than what
you or I imagined. Perhaps only this way can he satisfy his secret identity.
“Regardless, I finally obtained clues from him. After so much time, I finally
have a chance to approach the truth.”
“You didn’t need to be so rash.” Walter fell silent.
The weak female’s voice chuckled and said, “I’ve already sold my soul to
an evil god. The only meaning to life is vengeance.”
In a rare instance, Walter sighed and said, “Continue hiding here. I’ll
prepare food for you until you recover.
“If there aren’t any accidents, use the old method to contact me.”
The weak female voice remained silent for a while before saying, “When he
was alive, he had many subordinates who claimed to be loyal. After his
death, few still remember him or are willing to risk their lives for him. You
are the one who has surprised me the most.”
“He is the first noble who treated me that way, and he is the person I’m
truly loyal to,” Walter answered in a deep voice.
Having heard the conversation with his marionette, Klein vaguely
understood the entire story.
After Prince Edessak passed away, a few of his loyal subordinates were
investigating the truth of his suicide. Walter was one of them. However, he
was mainly in charge of gathering any superficial intelligence, as well as
using his identity to provide some help… This is probably the additional
development that Arrodes mentioned…
Klein immediately made Senor go invisible as he infiltrated the secluded
passageway and saw Walter conversing with someone while standing. His
figure blocked a black-dressed woman who was seated on the ground
against the wall. Her face was somewhat pale.
After the woman heard Walter’s words, she gave a throaty laugh and looked
towards the entrance.
“It’s time you leave. Don’t be caught by others.”
She turned her head, allowing Klein to see her. She had a round face,
slender eyes, and a gentle and refined temperament. Deep down, she was
sweet and was an outstandingly gorgeous beauty who Klein was “familiar”
with.
Trissy!
Trissy Cheek!