Chapter 287

: Death Battle
The moment their eyes met, Lanevus suddenly ducked and rolled forward.
Clang!
A tarot card, with an angel and trumpet, shot out sharply like a dagger,
embedding itself into the wall of the sewer, and its position was at the same
height as Lanevus’s neck just moments before.
Clang! Clang! Clang!
Lanevus either rolled, jumped to his side, or threw himself forward, nimbly
avoiding the three cards that came in succession with abnormal agility.
Their collision with the walls, slabs, and concrete echoed like metal striking
a wall.
Meanwhile, out of the corner of his eye, he saw that the man in the clown
mask was following him closely, not much slower than he was. In his hand
was a thick stack of cards as he launched them with great familiarity and
skill.
On the surface of an approaching card was a sun with five facial features.
With his left hand, Lanevus propped himself up against the wall and leaped
into the air, drastically changing his course.
At that moment, he heard a swishing sound before suddenly feeling a sharp
pain in his ankle!
He launched two cards? One arrived slightly late and was aimed in the
direction I was escaping in? Can he foresee my movements? The moment
he landed on the ground, Lanevus endured the pain and rolled once again.
Clang!
Another tarot card embedded itself into his original position, resonating
constantly in response to the impact.
It was only then that Lanevus noticed a card deeply embedded in his right
ankle. The card depicting stars, water containers, and holy water stained in
red.
Sou! Sou! Sou!
Lanevus didn’t even have the luxury of time to think or treat his injuries.
One after another, the cards turned into seemingly sharp flying daggers,
shooting at different parts of his body.
Very soon, the injuries on his right leg and chest, and the remnant effects
from the hole in his chest, as well as the prior demigod level clash caused
this Sequence 9 Marauder to turn sluggish. This was in contrast to the
nimbleness and speed that Marauders were known for.
Pow! He sent a card flying, but a deep laceration tore through his wrist, one
that kept bleeding profusely.
The Nighthawks and the military will be coming soon. I can’t delay any
longer! At this moment, Lanevus’s mind was very clear.
Suddenly, he stopped in his tracks and stopped dodging, allowing a card
depicting the devil to strike him squarely in the neck.
In almost an instant, the cards sticking out from his body were sent flying.
The hideous wounds on his neck, right chest, wrist, and ankle were all
squirming madly, sprouting one meat tendril after another in disgusting
shapes!
On his skin, numerous small goosebumps appeared. These goosebumps had
a metallic tint to them as if they had turned into a set of armor.
Clang! A tarot card was shot over, but it was deflected by the fine
goosebumps.
With bloodshot eyes, Lanevus stared at the Clown who had put away his
cards after coming to a halt. He said, half laughing and half mocking, “No
matter what, after being tormented by a deity, one will always get
something in return.”
Before he could finish his words, he had already jumped over the polluted
waters in the canal with his left foot, throwing himself at the enemy
opposite him.
As if expecting this, Klein stepped to the side, pulled his left hand out of his
pocket, clenched it into a fist, and threw it at Lanevus’s temple.
Bam!
Lanevus swung his elbow sideways and raised his forearm, accurately
hitting his opponent’s fist.
The explosive force surged like a torrential tide, causing Klein’s body to
move from the impact as he staggered a little.
Pa! Pa! Pa!
Crisp explosive blasts sounded in Klein’s ear. Punches, each heavier and
faster than the last, constantly reflected into his eyes.
The flurry of attacks made him seem to forget to maintain his balance. He
staggered and fell to the side, then, with the support of his left elbow, he
rolled in a different direction.
Smack! Smack! Smack! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Lanevus’s punches and kicks came quickly and furiously, almost hitting
Klein quite a few times, but thanks to his exaggerated balance and
movements that defied common sense, he managed to dodge successfully.
At times, he would be on the wall and at other times, on the ground. It was
as though he was performing an acrobatic act.
He appeared very calm without the slightest bit of impatience. It was as
though he had decided to drag out the battle as long as possible until the
Nighthawks and the military arrived.
And once there were any signs of Lanevus’s attempting to escape, he was
hell-bent on pestering him and not give him an opportunity to do so.
Pa!
Lanevus’s punch forced Klein to use the rebound from the wall to fly back
into the air, and as for him, himself, he didn’t hesitate to turn around and
flee towards another tunnel.
The moment Klein’s toes touched the ground, his body shot out like a
cannonball as he pounced straight for Lanevus’s back.
At that moment, an image appeared in his mind.
“It seems as if Lanevus has no bones. I should force him to twist his upper
body and land a punch on his body.”
This was a Clown’s intuition!
Without any doubts or hesitation, Klein took the initiative to reduce his
subsequent strength.
With a smacking sound, he still threw himself forward, but it was much
weaker than he expected.
Kacha!
With a jarring noise, Lanevus twisted his upper body suddenly while his
legs remained immobile. His face faced backward as his toes pointed
forward.
In such a terrifying scene, Lanevus threw a punch towards Klein’s head.
The force of the punch was so strong that even the air produced an
explosive boom.
Boom!
His fist hit nothing but air, and his fist was still twenty or thirty centimeters
from Klein’s face.
The winds, that stirred from the punch, blew through Klein’s hair, but he
didn’t take the opportunity to attack the enemy. Instead, he croaked a single
word in ancient Hermes, “Crimson!”
A charm? Lanevus scrunched his face as he immediately jumped to the side
in a bid to dodge the impending attack.
However, Klein had yet to throw out the charm. Instead, he clenched his left
fist tightly and followed in the direction of Lanevus.
He similarly threw himself to the side and rolled on the ground as well,
causing the distance between them to only widen slightly.
It was a bluff? Just as this thought flashed through his mind, the highly-
raised corners of the Clown’s mouth were clearly reflected in his eyes.
There was also a dark red flame which had unknowingly ignited in the
Clown’s left fist.
This… Lanevus’s gaze immediately froze.
A light crackling sound entered his ears, and a calm, tranquil feeling
emanated instantly, enveloping him and Klein.
What is he trying to do? He wants both of us… to be affected at the same
time… to allow for… the Nighthawks and military… to rush here in time…
Lanevus’s eyelids drooped heavily, and the fatigue and weakness he had
been suppressing began to rear their heads uncontrollably.
He did his best not to fall asleep, hoping to rely on the uniqueness of his
body to endure through the most intense period of the charm’s slumbering
effects.
As for Klein, he didn’t choose to resist at all and quickly entered a deep
slumber.
However, whenever he fell asleep unnaturally, he would instinctively wake
up!
This was the unique thing about him when fighting mediumship and dream
invasions!
This was the reason why he had been lucky enough to escape from the
hands of Madam Sharon back in Tingen!
In the fight just now, after throwing his cards proved ineffective, he
immediately took out the Slumber Charm and gripped it tightly in his palm,
waiting for the opportunity to affect himself and his enemy!
In just a split-second, he forcibly broke free from the abnormal state of
mind in his dream. The figure of the staggering Lanevus was clearly
reflected in his eyes.
Phew! Klein suddenly became very calm, as though what was before him
was nothing but a target.
He took a deep breath, turned his waist, and pulled back his shoulder before
thrusting his fist forward with all his strength!
Bam! Kacha!
His fist landed ruthlessly at Lanevus’s throat, breaking his bones and
splattering his flesh.
Lanevus took two steps back and leaned against the wall.
That intense pain finally allowed him to extricate himself from the
slumbering effects, but the fine iron-colored goosebumps on his body were
all gone.
After Klein’s punch landed, he reached into his pocket with his left hand
and pulled out two cards.
Sou! Sou!
The two cards each stabbed into an eye as scarlet liquid gushed out.
Lanevus surprisingly endured the pain without letting out a tragic cry.
Instead, he abruptly threw himself forward in a bid to make his last stand!
Klein didn’t take advantage of the situation to attack. Having long expected
this, he turned his body to the side and took a step back.
Right on the heels of that, while seizing the moment when Lanevus’s fell
forward, he took two steps and arrived behind him. He reached out with his
arms and grabbed his enemy’s neck.
Kacha!
Klein’s arms exerted force, and he suddenly turned around, twisting
Lanevus’s neck!
After doing all of this, he took two steps back and looked at his enemy.
With the card embedded in him, Lanevus looked ahead weakly as he
slumped to the ground. At the same time, he was very confused and asked
in a staccato manner, “Why… do you… want to… kill me…”
With his clown mask on, Klein stared at his archenemy and replied
indifferently, “No reason.”
“No…” With his eyes wide open, Lanevus collapsed to the ground in the
sewers, unable to accept his fate. Finally, his breathing came to a stop.
At that moment, Klein, who seemed to be extremely calm, suddenly
stepped forward, tightened his right leg, and, with all his strength, kicked
him in the head.
Bam!
His neck, which was already badly mutilated, could no longer bear the
pressure and was sent flying like a rubber ball. It slammed heavily into the
wall, creating a red and white patch!
Upon seeing this scene, Klein suddenly crouched down.
“Hahaha, hahaha!
“Hahahahahaha.”
He laughed crazily with a suppressed voice. The “clown” mask looked so
very happy.
The corners of those raised lips, the bright red nose, and that white face
wore a very happy expression.
“Haha, haha… Hahaha…” Klein laughed so much that he went out of
breath; his laughter was more jarring than crying.
After a few seconds, he finally calmed down. He slowly straightened his
body and winked with his left eye at the darkest part of the sewer. Then, he
smirked and muttered to himself, “Captain…
“Look, we’ve saved Loen once again…”
Droplets of liquid quietly slid down and landed on his collar.
At that moment, he felt that his Clown potion had been digested completely.