Chapter 474

: Edessak’s Story
Inside the solarium of Red Rose Manor.
Edessak Augustus stood by the full-length window, looking at the
indifferent Trissy with a gloomy face, and he said in a voice that was like a
volcano about to erupt, “Why did you run away again?”
Trissy looked past him and beyond the window, chuckled, and answered
with a question, “Did you see the meteor shower? Did you feel the
trembling of the earth?”
Behind her, porcelain and other items in the cabinet had fallen onto the
thick, soft carpet. The old butler, Funkel, was standing beside her.
“It’s not too rare for that to happen,” Edessak replied in a low voice.
Trissy raised her eyebrows slightly.
“You are very dull.
“Then let me be frank with you. I am a Demoness!”
Prince Edessak’s expression didn’t change at all. He turned to the old butler
and said, “Guard the door and prevent anyone from entering.”
“Yes, Your Highness.” Funkel gave Trissy a cold look and walked out of the
solarium.
When he heard the door close, Edessak exhaled slowly.
“Trissy Cheek, heh, you prefer to be called Trissy.
“I know you’re a Demoness. The person who helped you purchase the
Beyonder ingredients failed. What you received was provided by me!
“I don’t mind that my princess consort is a Witch or a Demoness. I’ve even
seen your wanted poster!”
Trissy was surprised at first, but she then revealed a mocking smile.
“You sure know a lot…
“Did you know that I was once a man, and that my real name is Tris?”
“… What?” Edessak’s eyes widened, and he tilted his head a little, as
though he couldn’t believe what he had heard.
Upon seeing this, Trissy couldn’t help but laugh. She laughed so hard that
she frantically bent back and forth like a lunatic.
“Haha, you didn’t make a mistake. I was once a man! I used to be like you,
and the thing down there was longer and thicker than yours! However, the
Witch potion had forcefully changed my gender!
“Are you disgusted? Does it give you goosebumps?”
She vented the words she had been repressing all this time before taking
two steps forward.
Edessak instinctively retreated, his Adam’s apple moving involuntarily.
“No, it’s not like that… You’re a real woman. There’s no problem. I can
definitely confirm that!” He mumbled to himself, then he raised his voice
and said, “From the moment I met you, you were a real woman. I don’t
want to know what you were like in the past! I can pretend that nothing like
this happened! What I like, what I love is the present you!”
Stunned, Trissy raised her hand to wipe away her tears of laughter.
“You’re a really pathetic man.
“Do you still not understand? Our meeting wasn’t a coincidence. Even your
interest…”
She paused in disgust and continued, “Even your interest in me was a result
of someone else’s arrangement. Don’t you think that everything happened
too quickly? I believe in love at first sight, but I don’t believe that it
possesses such powerful bewitchment properties. You act like the main
character in a third-rate romance novel, becoming obsessed with love from
just one meeting. You fell in love with a stranger, forgetting the type of
person you once liked. That’s crazy!”
Prince Edessak’s eyes went blank as his eyes turned agape, but he didn’t
speak.
His body suddenly swayed, as if he had finally awoken from a long dream.
“Y-you are indeed my type… But my reaction, it’s r-really too
exaggerated…”
The corners of Trissy’s mouth curled up, and she turned her head to the side
to let out a sneer.
“What a pathetic man, to have what you like being arranged by someone
else. It’s like you’re a puppet on strings.
“Don’t you understand? You’re a person that can be sacrificed, and I, as
well as being a hostage for the cooperation between the royal family and the
Demoness Sect, am also a necessary disguise for this deception.
“I possess an important item of the Demoness Sect, and under your strict
supervision, I can be destroyed at any time and result in the loss of the
treasure. This is the sincerity of our cooperation, and once the matter is
exposed to the other three Churches or the military, the development of this
matter will be very simple. Prince Edessak secretly kept a Demoness due to
his lust. After knowing of his heinous sins, he shoots himself in the mouth.
Then, all the problems would be covered up.”
“No!” Edessak blurted out.
Then, with a twisted expression, he asked, “Why are they cooperating with
the Demoness Sect?”
“How could a hostage who might be abandoned at any moment know?”
Trissy gave a self-deprecating laugh. “That’s the whole reason behind why I
want to flee.”
She lowered her head and chuckled in a low voice. Her body trembled
slightly from the laughter.
After a few seconds, she raised her head once again, curled the corners of
her mouth, and said, “What do you want to do with me? Strip me down and
throw me onto the bed? No, you’ve probably formed a psychological
resistance. Actually, I don’t mind giving you some warmth right now. It’s
not a shameful thing for two poor people to comfort each other.”
Prince Edessak darkened his rotund face and looked at Trissy silently for
nearly a minute.
Suddenly, he closed his eyes, pointed to another side and said, “You can
leave.
“Leave through that door.”
Trissy raised her eyebrows in astonishment.
“You’re letting me go?”
“Yes.” Edessak turned to look out the window and slowly replied, “I’ll stop
Funkel. As for whether or not you can escape from the other pursuers, that
will depend on your own strength and luck.”
A dazed look flashed in Trissy’s eyes a few seconds before she quickly ran
towards the hidden door.
Before leaving, she couldn’t help but look back.
“What about you?”
Edessak didn’t turn his head, but he continued to stare out of the full-length
windows as if searching for the shadows of his past.
He smiled and said, “Me? Let me live in this beautiful story and welcome
its final end —good or bad.”
Trissy took a breath and, without further ado, went through the secret door.
…
In a quiet room inside Saint Samuel Cathedral.
One of the thirteen archbishops of the Church of the Evernight Goddess, the
person in charge of the Backlund diocese, Saint Anthony Stevenson had
received an urgent telegram from Earl Hall’s residence.
This bearded old man with deeply recessed eyes had an extremely clean
appearance. Even though he wore a black and red archbishop’s robe, he
didn’t give off a gloomy feeling.
However, anyone who faced him would shudder from the bottom of their
hearts. It was as if their spirituality was dominated by fear, or as if they
were facing an unknown existence lurking deep in the darkness which
stared back at them.
Trissy Cheek… Primordial Demoness… Saint Anthony lightly patted the
paper and immediately stood up.
The light around him suddenly vanished, as if swallowed up by the gloom
of the room.
All the worshippers in the cathedral instantly felt the coming of night.
Everything quickly returned to normal as Saint Anthony appeared in front
of the Chanis Gate beneath the cathedral.
Today, the one leading the team was the Spirit Guide, Daly Simone.
Without waiting for her to ask, Archbishop Saint Anthony instructed in a
deep voice, “Make preparations. The process shall begin. I’m awakening a
Sealed Artifact.”
He wanted to use 0-17.
He wanted to use that terrifying Sealed Artifact to confirm and deal with the
Trissy matter.
And this was the only Grade 0 Sealed Artifact stored outside the Holy
Cathedral. Only two of the Church’s upper echelons knew that it was in the
Backlund diocese.
“Yes, Your Grace.” Daly was startled for a second, then she immediately
responded.
While waiting, Saint Anthony closed his eyes as a portion of 0-17’s
information surfaced in his mind.
“Number: 17.
“Name: XXXXXX
“Danger Grade: 0. Extremely Dangerous. It’s of the highest importance and
of the highest confidentiality. It is not to be inquired, disseminated,
described, or spied.
“Security Clearance: Pope, Team A researchers, and Archbishop of the
Backlund diocese (Note: When the archbishop is transferred out of the
Backlund diocese, the corresponding memories have to be wiped out using
Sealed Artifact 1-29).
“Sealed Method: The seal is completed through the combination of 1-29
and 1-80.
“Description: This isn’t an item.
“This is a living angel.
“‘Her’ appearance is beautiful with black hair and eyes. Looks like a young
woman, but ‘Her’ actual age cannot be estimated.
“…’She’ doesn’t have the wings recorded in canon. Just from ‘Her’
appearance, ‘She’ is no different from an ordinary person.
“… She does not have the ability to think and has lost all sentience.
“… Anyone and everything that comes close to ‘Her’ will completely
disappear… Through divination and other methods, it can be confirmed that
they’re still alive but are impossible to locate. Currently, 1825 methods
have been attempted, with every one of them failing.
“…0-17’s range of influence will expand and contract without any pattern.
Currently, it has caused more than 70 researchers to vanish.”
…
“Warning: ‘She’ cannot be used!”
“Appendix 1: This Sealed Artifact first appeared in the Pale Era of the
Fourth Epoch.
Exact year: Missing.
Exact date: Missing.
Exaction location: Missing”
“Appendix 2: Based on the information, ‘She’ has been awakened five
times.”
…
By passing on the message to search for the Ince Zangwill imposter, Klein,
with the help of divination, overcame the interference of the Master Key
and ran all the way to the exit given to him from the revelation.
He knew very well that with a carpet-style search, the corpse in the empty
room would soon be discovered, so he had to race against time to get to the
exit.
A Faceless’s powers should be matched with a mystical item that can
destroy corpses and clean up my tracks… Having gained true knowledge
from practice, it didn’t take Klein long to cross the checkpoints and
patrolling teams before he arrived at the exit where the divination pointed
him to.
However, what made him even more surprised was that there were no
guards here, only a heavy stone door standing there by itself.
What’s going on? Why is there no one guarding the exit? Was my divination
misguided, or are the guards outside? As his thoughts raced, Klein found a
corner and took off his armor, restoring his lightweight and agility.
Then, he came to the stone door that opened outwards and groped his way
to the corner of the left wall.
After carefully checking with a gold coin, Klein took out the ancient bronze
key. He leaned it against the wall and gently twisted it.
Water ripples appeared as they spread out slightly. Klein silently passed
through the wall, without taking the door!
The first thing he saw was the natural light that fell from the dome, which
meant that this place was really an exit.
Klein carefully stood motionless as he quickly adapted to the light. He saw
neat but mottled gray stones under his feet and thick pillars in front of him.
In the middle of the hall, four hooded figures knelt around what appeared to
be an altar.
Soon after, Klein heard a soft but gentle female voice.
“Mr. A, are you ready?”