Chapter 1112

: 1112 Traveling Notebook
1112 Traveling Notebook
In the magnificent palace above the gray fog, Klein stretched out his right
hand and tapped the edge of the long, mottled table as he muttered silently,
The five large family clans of the Tudor Dynasty are Amon, Abraham,
Antigonus, Jacob, and Tamara… The one who helped Alista Tudor become
Blood Emperor were the Kings of Angels, Adam, Amon, and Abraham…
Can it be inferred that, during the time of the Tudor-Trunsoest United
Empire, there were the consuls, Amon and Abraham standing beside Alista?
If that’s the case, Blood Emperor Alista Tudor didn’t have plans on
switching paths in the beginning. When he secretly constructed the
mausoleums, he likely would’ve sought the help of one or more of the
following: Amon, Abraham, and Antigonus. As for Bethel Abraham, he’s
Mr. Door, and he grasps the Apprentice pathway. When it comes to
“Teleportation,” even a true deity might not be as good as “Him”…
So, could the teleportation nexus in the Tudor ruins be set up by Bethel
Abraham?
There’s a high chance of that!
Yes, only important figures like Mr. Door can enter and exit a secret ruin at
such a level. Even my divination above the gray fog is unable to pinpoint its
location. Likewise, it’s difficult for an angel who wields Concealment to
enter it directly…
Amidst his thoughts, Klein was leaning more and more towards his own
guess being closer to that of reality.
I wonder if Mr. Door left behind any relevant information to provide
accurate coordinates or methods of entry? This would require Miss
Magician to ask her teacher again…
Sigh, I really hope that Miss Magician can become a Traveler as soon as
possible. That way, she wouldn’t need to rely on writing letters to contact
her teacher. She could “Teleport” over directly. Yes, she can do it now, but
the act of being able to “Record” so many “Traveling” spells would scare
her teacher and arouse suspicion. It’s really troublesome…
If there are no records left behind by the Abraham family, do I have to
attempt to converse with Mr. Door? Not only is this troublesome, but it’s
also dangerous… Most importantly, Miss Magician isn’t even Sequence 5
yet. She hasn’t been able to clearly hear, much less respond to Mr. Door. It’s
impossible for me to turn her into my marionette or descend onto her
body… Early on, Klein had seriously considered communicating with Mr.
Door through Miss Magician when he first pulled her above the gray fog.
Later, after he came to learn more, he grew increasingly apprehensive about
the idea, and he didn’t dare take the risk.
Furthermore, the level he was at now lacked the measures that spelled
sufficiency and security.
As his thoughts churned, he suddenly sighed and said a word, “Patience…”
At sea, on an island with relatively high pirate activity.
Fors raised her glass and took a sip of the transparent and colorless liquid in
anticipation.
Her face scrunched up as if she had tasted something hard to swallow.
Pfft, isn’t this Lanti Proof too inferior? Why are they having so much fun
drinking this? Fors put down her cup, raised her right hand, and fanned her
mouth. She softly muttered, “Apart from the alcohol content, it doesn’t have
any other strengths. Oh right, it’s also cheap!”
After drinking a mouthful of cold water from another cup, Fors picked up a
fountain pen and wrote in a rather poor quality notebook:
“The pirates here are only in pursuit of strong liquor while keeping an eye
on the price. To them, being drunk is more important than anything else.
“Three pirate friends that I know have told me that this port city was built
by them. At first, they only docked their ships here to hide their loot and
settle their families. Later on, the bankrupt, adventurers, and tax fugitives
came to this place and settled down. They also ploughed the lands on the
island and built houses. Finally, an entrepot market was formed, and the
merchants at sea swarmed over like sharks smelling blood.”
At this point, Fors looked up at the three pirates curled up in a corner.
“Do you have anything else to say?”
The three burly pirates trembled at the same time and said with a mournful
expression, “No, really. We have nothing.”
…I have to say that it feels pretty good to imitate Mr. World’s attitude when
it comes to dealing with pirates… Fors sighed and shook her head. She
retracted her gaze and continued writing:
“There’s a liberal mood here. If the women are interested in any man, they
can, like the men, offer a price. Similarly, it works when a man catches the
eye of another man, or when a woman catches the eye of another woman.
According to my three pirate friends, due to the long periods of repression
and boredom while drifting out at sea, it’s inevitable for some people to
experiment with certain forbidden taboos. In this aspect, they’ve been very
honest and even described their experiences…
“In addition, they informed me of things that I never dared believed: Pirates
actually advocate the concept of democracy and justice.
“This has completely overturned my understanding. But on careful thought,
it doesn’t seem difficult to understand. At least they didn’t say that they
were pursuing justice.
“The explanation from my three pirate friends is that when a person with
his weapons doesn’t have absolute, overwhelming strength, it’s always the
case of there being tyranny from the majority on a pirate ship. Furthermore,
a large ship requires a lot of people to run it… When these factors are
combined, it makes the pirate crew very particular about democracy. There
will always be a captain who will be voted by his or her crew now and then
to be banished or even killed.
“I believe that if a captain possesses absolute strength, the pirate crew
would definitely develop another style of governance.”
At this point, Fors looked out the window again and saw that, under the
blue sky and white clouds, buildings made of wood and rocks formed a
dense circle around a market. From time to time, she could see a few
children in tattered clothes skipping past.
Upon hearing the extremely lively commotion, Fors wrote again:
“There’s no urban planning here at all. Everyone casually builds their
houses and expands their borders. As a result, many roads only allow for
one person to walk through. There’s no sunlight at all…
“My first reaction is that once a fire breaks out, the outcome will be
extremely terrifying. Backlund once had a similar tragedy. However, my
three pirate friends told me that this isn’t something worth worrying about,
because it’s humid and often rains here. People with special powers never
keep it under wraps…
“This place is still under the influence of war. Although it’s chaotic, it gives
people a sense of tranquility.
“Also, what they’re most afraid of isn’t the King of the Five Seas, Nast, or
all sorts of horrifying legends, but rather of the crazy adventurer, Gehrman
Sparrow. Every pirate is warned by their peers not to drink too late into the
night.
They shouldn’t take a walk in the middle of the night or use small alleys.
That’s because it might lead to them going missing. And the murderer is
rumored to be that gentleman…
“Is this a form of ‘hunting’?”
As she wrote, Fors’s expression gradually turned solemn. She hurriedly
pulled out another stack of paper and added on the content:
“… There’s a unique coldness that wafts through the hospital at night, and
the darkness outside the window is much thicker than other places…
“…No one knows why that young lady who lives in a single ward gets her
family members to bring her mushrooms and weeds. No one knows where
these things end up. In short, there were no signs of any fires in the ward,
and there’s no abandoned junk outside. This makes the nurses suspect that
the patient is secretly eating mushrooms and weeds…”
Standing in front of the mountain, Afternoon Town, which was divided into
three regions of the top, middle and bottom, had a camp set up by the City
of Silver.
Derrick Berg clasped his hands and placed them in front of his mouth,
softly chanting, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era…”
After piously chanting, he stood up and picked up the ancient bronze cross
that was covered with sharp spikes, walking towards the bonfire outside.
As the Unshadowed Crucifix couldn’t coexist with other mystical items, his
giant hammer named Thunder God’s Roar could only be temporarily left to
Haim and Joshua to carry with them.
As the City of Silver’s expedition team gathered, Klein, who was in
Backlund, had already arrived above the gray fog. He picked up the Sea
God Scepter and, with the help of one of the crimson star’s burgeoning and
contracting, he saw the situation in Afternoon Town, and he expanded his
vision towards the Giant King’s Court.
If he didn’t use the prayer light and the Sea God Scepter, Klein was unable
to expand his field of view by relying only on the crimson stars.
As his gaze moved, a beautiful but deep dusk gradually appeared in his
eyes.
In the area where dusk was frozen, there were countless palaces, countless
towers, and many majestic city walls. They were magnificent and opulent,
resembling a miracle found in myths and legends. Furthermore, they were
frozen in time.
The Giant King’s Court!
As he tried to zoom in with his vision, Klein realized that he was unable to
see the exact situation beneath the dusk.
As expected of the divine kingdom of an ancient god, and it’s not the kind
that has been abandoned or hidden… It’s no wonder that the Kings of
Angels chose this place for a secret gathering… I hope that Little Sun’s
prayer after entering the Giant King’s Court will help me see it more
clearly… Klein nodded thoughtfully.
At the same time, he focused a portion of his attention on Shepherd Elder
Lovia. He discovered that this lady had an illusory silver armor covering
her entire body.
This should be the evil spirit she “Grazed”… I haven’t seen any effects
from the True Creator yet… Klein slowly let out a breath and patiently
waited for the subsequent developments.
After a while, under the lead of Chief Colin Iliad, the nine-men expedition
team, including Derrick Berg, left the Afternoon Town camp. They
followed the stairs paved with gray stones and walked towards the peak of
the mountain.
They were at least Sequence 6 Beyonders, and most of them belonged to
the Warrior pathway. They moved at relatively fast speeds, clearing a few
waves of monsters that were mainly rotten giants. Finally, they arrived at
the region shrouded by dusk. They were shocked by the grand and epic
building, and no one spoke for a short period of time.
This was also the first time they had encountered a place where there were
no flashes of lightning, a place that was illuminated by “natural” light!
Demon Hunter Colin narrowed his eyes. He took out a small metal bottle
and drank the liquid inside.
After their evolution over the many generations, they were more
accustomed to the dark environment with frequent lightning. They were
instinctively afraid of such a situation that was in a state of frozen twilight.
It was both a point of hope and fear.
After drinking the prepared potion and mentally preparing himself, Colin
Iliad and Shepherd Lovia led the members of the expedition team as they
stepped into the region illuminated by the sunset.
Before Derrick could sense anything, he saw the Unshadowed Crucifix in
his hand drop, revealing a corporeal form formed from pure light.
However, the light emitted by the corporeal body was no longer pure. It was
tainted with an orange-red color unique to dusk.
Right on the heels of that, Derrick felt his condition plummet. It was as if he
was at the weakest point of the “day,” ready to welcome the approaching
“night.”