Chapter 868

: Shared Identity
Eh… Fors was taken aback, suspecting that she had seen wrong.
Following that, she couldn’t help but have thoughts surface in her mind.
Mr. World wishes to take this mission? That’s right. He’s in Backlund.
But this is an investigation, not a murder. Dwayne Dantès is already pitiful
enough. Leave Dwayne alone!
Eliminating the investigation target implies completing the investigation?
Because there will be no need to make another investigation…
What do I do? Do I still take the mission? It’s a full 500 pounds. I just need
to recount what I previously discovered to receive 200 pounds, but the
competitor is Mr. World… Perhaps we can cooperate and not compete?
Eh? Why would Mr. World be interested in this mission? His focus is
actually on the framing of Baron Syndras or the assault on Member of
Parliament Macht?
Fors finally grasped the problem at its core. As for Alger and Cattleya, they
had already cast their gaze at The World. To them, be it the framing of
Baron Syndras, the assault on Member of Parliament Macht, or Dwayne
Dantès’s donation of more than ten thousand pounds, they weren’t
something that needed special notice. However, to have Mr. Fool’s Blessed
choose to accept the investigation mission meant that the problem was
bound to be extremely complicated. It made them feel that there were
important secrets underlying the matter.
Emlyn didn’t think too much about it, but he had also sensed that the
seemingly ordinary investigation mission wasn’t that simple. His plans on
earning some pocket money to make up for the 5,000 pounds that he had
just lost were overturned as he suddenly didn’t want to say a word.
Dwayne Dantès is really something. There must be a big problem with him
that makes Mr. World choose to investigate him? Or are those two cases
more important and more critical than I imagined? Audrey’s mind stirred
as she turned her eyes, and she used the advantage of her seating position to
take in all the reactions of the Tarot Club members.
Among them, Derrick was the only exception.
To him, wasn’t it normal for the Tarot Club to help each other? If someone
gave a mission and one was capable of completing it, wasn’t it normal to
take it?
Audrey moved her gaze to The World and asked with hidden anticipation,
“Mr. World, you wish to receive this mission?”
After returning to Backlund, she had gathered up the news at sea over the
past few months, roughly confirming that Mr. World was the crazy
adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow. While she was deeply impressed by this
seemingly polite but dangerous gentleman who had accomplished many
great deeds, she felt that her feelings to adventure out at sea had waned.
Klein had already thought of a response. He had controlled The World to
lower his hand and wait for Miss Justice to ask. At this moment, he made
Gehrman Sparrow’s expression turn solemn and reply with a deep voice,
“Dwayne Dantès is an identity.”
After a period of brief but repeated considerations, Klein decided to expose
some information. He made Dwayne Dantès be one of his public facades as
a Blessed!
He believed if he chose to conceal the matter, there was a chance of being
exposed in the future. This was because Dwayne Dantès was about to enter
Backlund’s high society. He could find clues to the Great Smog of
Backlund or other cases. This way, he might very well need Miss Justice to
provide him with assistance. When that happens, the Spectator would
probably sense something and discover that The World was previously
hiding something and that Mr. Fool had never mentioned it.
This would lower her sense of belonging and make her even begin
suspecting even more matters, causing her faith in The Fool to be borderline
dangerous.
With two members not knowing each other, or knowing of the other’s
existence, to tacitly work together to complete a specified mission together
to accomplish a complete goal sounded perfect, but in reality, its success
was very difficult. Even more so, there was no way he could fool her!
Therefore, most of the time, honesty was more effective and less worrisome
than lying.
As for why he didn’t directly say that Dantès was Gehrman Sparrow, it was
because Klein didn’t wish to leave the Tarot Club members the impression
as to why it was the same person again. He didn’t want them to have the
impression that he was the only Blessed of Mr. Fool that appeared.
Dwayne Dantès is only an identity? Audrey sharply read between the lines
and had a theory.
Then, she heard The World simply say, “A common identity that me and my
companions share.
“I will occasionally disguise myself as him.”
Upon saying that, he emotionlessly swept his gaze across The Magician.
A common identity… Occasionally disguise as him. That very pitiful
Dwayne Dantès is Mr. World? That tycoon with kidney or bladder problems
is Mr. Gehrman Sparrow? Fors felt as though she was struck by lightning as
she froze up.
Her brain turned numb as she felt struck with fear, subconsciously feeling
that Xio’s unintentional comment made a lot of sense.
When a butler, valet, neighbor, and surroundings had problems, the person
that seemed ordinary definitely wouldn’t be ordinary!
No, it’s not the street where Dwayne Dantès stays at, or that he happened to
hire a butler with a secret, it’s because of that secret that he was selected by
Dwayne Dantès—selected by Gehrman Sparrow! The pitiful one isn’t
Dwayne Dantès but the Beyonders and Beyonder items around him! I was
wrong. I shouldn’t have gotten Xio to ask the Goddess to bless him. It’s
more of a curse for Mr. World… Fors suddenly trembled, thankful that she
hadn’t left a comment in her note that Dwayne Dantès should check on his
kidneys or bladder.
Otherwise, she suspected that she wouldn’t be able to participate in the next
Tarot Gathering. Or perhaps, she would appear in the form of a Beyonder
characteristic, sold to the other members by The World.
Logically speaking, Mr. World shouldn’t know that I’m The Magician, but I
was carrying Leymano’s Travels with me… He had used the spellbook
before and had added demigod-level Beyonder powers to it! He had
definitely observed me in secret, remembering my appearance and
evaluating my value… The fear in Fors was surging like a tumultuous sea as
her expression was filled with misery.
At this moment, she saw Mr. World sweep his cold glance at her, her
feelings of regret instantly becoming that of extreme regret.
Thankfully, I didn’t rush to answer and mention my impression of Dwayne
Dantès… When Fors gradually calmed down from her horror, she couldn’t
help but think of another problem.
During the bodyguard mission, were we the ones protecting Dwayne
Dantès, or was Dwayne Dantès protecting us… Should I refund Mr.
Gehrman Sparrow his money?
This… At times, Dwayne Dantès is equivalent to Mr. World… Audrey was
first stunned before finding all her questions answered.
Fors does know Dwayne Dantès, but she didn’t know that he’s Mr. World. It
can be proven from her shocked reaction just now.
The reason that Dwayne Dantès was shocked when he saw me was because
he recognized Lie. Although this mystical item has changed, it comes from a
Beyonder characteristic that Mr. World provided. Perhaps this crazy
adventurer can sense it somehow. After all, Gehrman Sparrow can
transform into anyone with the powers of shapeshifting!
Although I only asked Mr. Hanged Man what will happen when an animal
consumes a potion, the potion ingredients I gathered later were always in
pairs. Mr. World might very well have guessed that I have a Spectator
beside me based on that; hence, he became wary against Susie who was
secretly observing everyone in the hall… Others might not doubt an animal,
but Mr. World is experienced. He must’ve interacted with Beyonder
creatures, so it’s very normal for him to be wary against such things.
Which is to say, Dwayne Dantès, no—Mr. World Gehrman Sparrow knew
that I was Justice, but he didn’t choose to make contact or communicate
with me. Hmm, there’s nothing wrong with his choice of actions. Under
those circumstances, unless he directly says it, it will be difficult for me to
guess or believe it. Furthermore, talking about the Tarot Club in Saint
Samuel Cathedral is… is just too crazy!
After a brief moment of surprise, Audrey’s emotions calmed down, leaving
her only with excitement.
Apart from The Magician Fors who she introduced, this was her first
meeting with another member of the Tarot Club!
It feels like a historic moment! Yes, Mr. World as well as Mr. Fool’s other
Blessed. Eh, they should also be considered The World. But why was the
identity of Dwayne Dantès made? What are they up to?
The matter of Baron Syndras being framed, Member of Parliament Macht
being assaulted, and their donation to establish a bursary foundation really
are more complicated and important than I originally imagined… Why do I
feel that the kingdom’s upper echelons are beginning to stir in a state of
unrest? I had this feeling back when Prince Edessak died during the Great
Smog of Backlund. Today, it’s even more intense…
Now that I know the identity of Dwayne Dantès, I might be able to
participate and cooperate indirectly, reducing the risk my parents might
suffer, reducing the risk of the innocent… Amidst her thoughts, Audrey
quickly made up her mind. She would accept her father’s choice to join the
Loen Charity Bursary Foundation, then she inwardly quipped, Wouldn’t it
be very logical to have Justice from the Tarot Club join the charity
foundation established by Mr. World from the Tarot Club?
Alger and Cattleya weren’t too surprised that Dwayne Dantès was The
World, that he was the amalgamation of Mr. Fool’s Blessed. In their minds,
another thought flashed through their minds: Something major is about to
happen in Backlund!