Chapter 887

: Familiar Figure
Upon hearing Klein’s question, the infant wrapped in silver silk raised his
fleshy arms and threw them up.
“I can’t do anything about it either. I’m still in my mother’s womb!
“Although you can no longer write on that paper crane, it can still help me
locate you. If there’s anything, I will inform you!”
Klein had already expected such an answer from Will Auceptin. He
maintained his smile and explained, “That paper crane is already damaged.
I think it will have problems locating my position.”
Following that, he gave his suggestion:
“Perhaps we can do this, you can summon my messenger when you’re born
to write to me.”
He wasn’t too worried that Will Auceptin’s birth would result in anything
abnormal, causing the Snake of Fate to have to change locations while in a
baby’s body. That would prevent him from contacting him again.
Inside the black pram, Will Auceptin gaped his mouth before closing it
again, momentarily not giving an answer.
After a few seconds, the infant’s mouth curled and said, “Do you think
that’s realistic?
“Not only are you getting a newborn to write a letter to you, he still needs to
hold a ritual and summon a messenger?”
Klein chuckled and said, “But you’re a Snake of Fate.”
“The laws of nature still need to be respected!” Will Auceptin threw down
“His” arms and smacked the cushion beside him.
This infant thought for a moment and said, “Let’s do this. Get someone to
watch this area. Once they realize an infant is born, they can immediately
inform you.”
Klein’s eyes darted about for a while before saying, “That works.”
On this matter, he had many people he could get help from. He could hire a
gangster through Sharron and inform him via his messenger, or he could get
the usually free Emlyn White to do it. He could also hire bounty hunter,
Miss Xio, letting Miss Magician be responsible for informing The World
Gehrman Sparrow of the developments. He could also get Arrodes to take
note of the surroundings and report to him through a one-way
communication method.
However, that fellow, Emlyn’s nose is very sharp. I wonder if he will smell
the placenta blood and be able to identify what it truly is… If that’s the
case, it might result in him suffering the impact of seeing a Mythical
Creature. His intelligence will drop and he will turn mentally unsound to
the point of his body mutating… Klein hurriedly asked before Will
Auceptin’s pram retreated into the shadows, “I have a, hmm—teacher who I
haven’t been in contact for a while. Can you help me read his current fate?
“His name is Azik Eggers.”
As Mr. Azik hadn’t replied yet, Klein couldn’t help but feel worried. Back
when he used the copper whistle to do a divination above the gray fog, all
he saw was a silent and deep darkness. He heard a dragged out and distant
breathing, making it impossible for him to interpret what the dream meant.
Will Auceptin sucked at his thumb and said, “He’s in a state of
metamorphosis. It might be good, but it might also be bad. That’s all that
can be seen because that teacher of yours has something special on him.”
Something special? Something directly derived from Death’s godhood?
Metamorphosis? This is referring to Mr. Azik’s recovery of more memories,
so he’s in a slumber to recover his corresponding strength? Klein thought as
he bowed.
“Thank you for your answer.”
Will Auceptin turned his head and looked to the side.
Klein thought and gave a warning.
“Based on what I know, Blasphemer Amon is here in Backlund. Of course,
it’s most likely an avatar.”
Will Auceptin was taken aback for a moment before chuckling.
“It’s a bane for you, but a boon for me. Amon and Ouroboros are absolute
enemies—No, a more accurate description is that ‘He’ hates the True
Creator. Amon is often thinking of means to pull ‘Him’ down from ‘His’
throne as a god, while Ouroboros is loyal to that evil god.”
After saying that, the black pram retreated into the shadows as everything
was restored to normal.
Amon hates the True Creator? I’m increasingly convinced that the True
Creator was one of the participants in the sharing of the ancient sun god.
‘He’ is the black infant in the middle of the Storm Angel, White Angel, and
Wisdom Angel… Klein breathed a sigh of relief. He took two steps
forward, turned on the tap, and washed his hands.
…
In the evening at the East Balam Military Veterans Mess.
Klein didn’t immediately meet the long-faced Colonel Calvin. After he
placed the briefcase with ten thousand pounds into a heavy safe-deposit
box, he followed Macht to have a buffet meal at this high-end club.
The dishes here mainly served Southern Continent cuisine. There was
cream bread made from tapioca flour; ice-cream dripped in the berry juice
of a lilac tree; assorted seafood broth with coconut milk and palm butter;
cow innards that was cooked with pepper, tomatoes, and onions; Haagenti
seared roasted meat; broth made from Paz Valley’s delights; as well as steak
and roasted squid.
Compared to other places, the ingredients used here were rather high-end.
The flavors were also in authentic Southern Continent styles, leaving Klein
rather satisfied. If not for his need to maintain his image, he felt that eating
a mouthful of seared roasted meat and having a mouthful of ice-cream
would be an excellent feeling.
Indeed, I prefer food that has stronger flavors… The thing that satisfied me
the most today was that aperitif. If Member of Parliament Macht hadn’t
mentioned it in passing, I would’ve thought that it was a lightly-flavored
fruit juice… The pale gold liquid with two lemons soaked in it and a few
pieces of ice makes it sweet but a little sour. There’s no alcoholic taste to it,
and it’s refreshing. It instantly just draws away the heat from the body…
Klein placed his napkin on the plate as he recounted the feelings he just
had.
At this moment, Macht returned from the washroom. He smiled as he bent
down and whispered into Dwayne Dantès’s ear, “Same room as before.”
“Alright.” Klein got up, went to the room with the safe-deposit box, and
took out the small leather briefcase with 10,000 pounds before heading over
to the activity room where he had previously met Colonel Calvin twice.
Calvin, with his long face, was already waiting inside. When he caught
sight of the briefcase in Dwayne Dantès’s hand, he got up with a smile.
“You really are a gentleman of action.
“I like such attitudes when handling matters.”
As he spoke, he extended his right hand and shook Dwayne Dantès’s hand.
Klein then handed the briefcase to him and said with a humble smile, “As a
merchant, if one isn’t decisive and fast when facing an opportunity to make
money, that means that they aren’t suitable for this occupation.”
Calvin sat back down and opened the briefcase in front of Dwayne Dantès
and Macht. He roughly counted the neat stacks of cash.
He quickly completed the confirmation check, closed the briefcase, and
looked up at Dwayne Dantès.
“What other thoughts do you have towards the exact details of the
transaction?”
Klein deliberately wore a look as though he was organizing his words. After
a few seconds, he said, “I’m planning on heading to the Southern Continent
soon, to West Balam.”
Seeing Calvin and Macht show signs of surprise, he added, “I have some
matters that aren’t convenient to do while bringing plenty of firearms. And
to make the transaction go smoothly, some advanced preparations are
required.
“Heh heh, I have to put enough importance on this matter. It’s a business
worth tens of thousands of pounds.
“I’m thinking of first heading to West Balam to contact clients who have
such needs, and to clear out any obvious obstacles. At an agreed-upon time,
I’ll contact you via telegraph and head to East Balam’s border to retrieve
the goods.”
Calvin pondered for a moment and said, “You can send me a telegram after
20th June. I’ll give you the details later. In short, after I receive the
telegram, I’ll inform the officer there and get them to pass the countersign
and password to the designated personnel for them to head to the
warehouse.
“Hmm… Will you need any auxiliary personnel for protection during this
time? When do you plan on leaving?”
I only wish to find a place to hide in West Balam where there’s no Rose
School of Thought. The rest can be left to Danitz… When do I leave? I
obviously wish to leave today and arrive there today, but that will incur
suspicion… Klein considered for two seconds and said, “There’s no need
for any security for the time being. In certain places in the Southern
Continent, having such auxiliary personnel is the main cause for causing
conflict. Don’t worry, I have plenty of friends in West Balam. Without
bringing anything of value, my safety can be guaranteed.
“As for when I’m leaving, my answer is as soon as possible.”
Calvin thought for nearly a minute before slowly nodding.
“I’ll send someone to receive you after dinner tomorrow. The military will
have an airship that needs to send goods and personnel to Desi bay. And it’s
just a short distance to the Southern Continent via ship from there. If
everything goes smoothly, it will just take two to three days. Even if there’s
a storm on the way, requiring a detour of the sea route, it will still take a
maximum of a week.”
“Thank you.” Klein sincerely stood up and bowed.
From his point of view, leaving Backlund with the military was safe
enough. He wouldn’t be made a target of suspicion.
After discussing some details, Klein got up and bade farewell and returned
to the foyer in preparation to leave.
In the foyer, beside the dining table, there were nearly ten military-clad or
casually-dressed men holding a cup of wine gathered. They were chatting
and laughing about the recent rumors.
When Klein swept his gaze over, he suddenly found a figure somewhat
familiar.
The man was more than 1.85 meters tall but less than 1.9 meters. He had
rather long arms, and his feet were faced outwards to a certain degree. His
shoulders were abnormally broad, causing his black suit to appear rather
tight.
This… Klein’s mind raced as his nerves tensed up. He had already recalled
the source of the familiarity.
It was the demigod that met Crazy Captain Connors that night!
He was the demigod suspected to be working for a particular faction of the
royal family, one who was supervising the human trafficking!
Although this High-Sequence Beyonder was previously wearing a black
hood that interfered with divination, preventing his appearance from being
exposed, Klein remembered the traits of his body.
That was what a Faceless was good at!