Chapter 1384

: Conceptualization
Upon hearing Amon’s words, Klein’s heart sank.
Before this, he wasn’t worried that Amon would collude with Genie,
because “He” was a top-notch Swindler. No promises “He” made could be
believed. As for Genie, “He” had encountered the former Lord of the
Mysteries. “He” was considered a victim of such matters in a similar vein.
Therefore, “He” would definitely use “His” most wary of approaches to
deal with Mr. Error.
This was the result of a lack of trust.
Sometimes, lying, cheating, and swindling could indeed increase the profits
in the short-term, but in the long-term, it was better to be honest.
But now, the Trunsoest Brass Book had just formulated the rule of
“deception is prohibited here.”
And Amon didn’t receive any punishment after making the promise!
At the same time, Klein and Genie didn’t notice “Him” using any
loopholes.
This proved how true and effective Amon’s words were. It was from the
bottom of “His” heart and wasn’t a scam.
Genie could even rely on “His” own level and traits to distort the sentence
from “I can promise” to “I promise.” It would make it impossible for Amon
to go back on “His” word. If “He” did, “He” would suffer damage at the
level of a Great Old One.
This made Klein not help but wonder if the rule that “deception is
prohibited here” was secretly guided by Amon or deliberately created by
Genie, making any Lord of the Mysteries candidate to promise to return
“Him” to the cosmos.
To Genie, “He” didn’t suffer any losses in such a deal because Klein
himself owed “Him” a promise.
If it were any other scene, Klein would still have the time to communicate
with Genie and rebuild “His” trust. However, at this moment, Amon’s threat
was right before his eyes. “He” wouldn’t give him the chance to resolve this
problem.
If he chose to continue to believe in Genie, Klein would be putting his life
in the hands of this Outer Deity and be under “His” control. In the
subsequent battle, as long as Genie was able to formulate a few rules that
appeared to be fine but were biased towards Amon through the Trunsoest
Brass Book, Klein, who was already at a great disadvantage, would rapidly
lose with no way to reverse the situation.
As his thoughts raced, Klein made the choice of this gamble. A translucent
dark-colored cloak instantly appeared around him. His face was covered
with a strange and distorted mask.
The Fool!
Invisible rings rippled from his body and instantly enveloped Genie, the
Trunsoest Brass Book, and the entire wilderness, as well as Amon.
“Blind Stupidity” authority!
Amon’s monocle temporarily lost its luster, as though “He” had lost “His”
vision. “His” gaze also turned dull.
The speed of text being written on the Trunsoest Brass Book clearly slowed
down as though it would take fifteen minutes or even hours to think up the
next rule.
Genie’s blurry and distorted golden figure shook as it suddenly shrank back
into the golden magic lamp that looked like a water flask. It was unknown if
it was escaping or if it was purely an instinctual reaction.
Seizing this opportunity, Klein attempted to escape Sefirah Castle as he
prepared to “Graft” something to himself.
Just as his consciousness sank, the crystal monocle appeared at the edge of
Sefirah Castle, blocking his “path.”
Even though “His” intelligence had been reduced briefly, Amon still
seemed to remember to stop Klein from leaving Sefirah Castle.
“His” eyes quickly regained clarity as they were still dyed black. “His”
mouth slowly opened as “He” laughed uncontrollably.
“I’ve written this matter into my instinct. This is a good way to resist the
effects of Blind Stupidity.”
Clearly, “He” had cheated the rules and lied to “Himself,” making “His”
instincts believe that this was what “He” wanted.
Klein wasn’t depressed. He immediately completed the “Grafting” he had
prepared long ago.
In the cosmos, a giant star that emitted light and heat suddenly dimmed.
In the wilderness with the effects of “eternal daylight,” an orange sun with a
destructive aura and a heavy feeling descended from the sky.
The entire wilderness collapsed and curled up as though it was going to
charge straight into the star.
At the same time, everything here was ignited, including Amon.
In the next second, the surrounding void began to shrink as they revolved
around the real sun. Everything in the world either disintegrated or
vaporized. All that was left was the Magic Wishing Lamp and the Trunsoest
Brass Book, which were still struggling to withstand the flames, barely
suffering any damage. Klein, who was floating in midair, had long
disappeared. He had “Grafted” himself to that star.
Of course, his “Grafting” was only with the concept of a star, not a physical
entity. Otherwise, with The Fool’s obviously lower defense than most
Sequence os, he would be directly swallowed by a real star and die on the
spot thanks to his relatively weak body.
The Fool was a very extreme deity. “He” had the ability to destroy a star,
but he was unable to face it directly. “His” strengths and weaknesses were
equally obvious. In addition, conceptualized objects couldn’t directly affect
the surrounding environment and harm the enemy. It wasn’t enough to write
the words “immense mass, gravity, high temperatures, high heat, and
fusion” to create similar effects, but as Mr. Fool, Klein held the authority of
“Fooling.”
He made his surroundings change according to the concept of a star!
This was an intense “change” and also a type of “Fooling.”
Amon, who was wearing a pointed hat and a classic black robe, was
completely ignited under the illumination of the star. “He” began to
vaporize. At this moment, his figure distorted as “He” was instantly dyed
with resplendent starlight. “He” turned extremely illusory, as though “He”
had transformed into an astral door.
At that moment, Amon no longer resembled a physical creature. “He” was
closer to a collective body of the symbols like “wandering,” “astral world
tunnel,” “key,” and “door.”
This was the ability of a Planeswalker to use the astral world to head to
different planets and worlds. “They” were able to transform “Themselves”
into symbols, allowing “Them” to effectively use the astral world.
At Sequence o Door’s stage, the qualitative change in such powers became
“conceptualized.”
Amon transformed “Himself” into a concept creature and avoided the
damage brought by the star.
A figure suddenly appeared behind “Him.” It was Klein, who was wearing a
trench coat and a top hat.
Almost at the same time, Amon’s thoughts slowed down a little.
“His” Spirit Body Threads were grabbed by Klein.
Using the chaos brought by the “star,” Klein dispelled the combination he
had with the corresponding concepts, and he secretly “Grafted” the location
of both parties and arrived behind Amon.
Originally, without the concept of “Reassembly,” the star’s influence on the
surroundings would immediately stop. However, Klein had “Fooled” time,
allowing the effects of the first two seconds to linger until now, allowing
him to fool Amon.
If possible, what Klein wished to do now was to deepen the control of
Amon’s Spirit Body Threads and turn “Him” into his marionette. However,
he knew very well that in the present situation, the probability of success
was very low: On the one hand, Amon could withstand damage and steal
the Spirit Body Threads back. On the other hand, “He” might be able to use
the connection established between the two of them via the Spirit Body
Threads to use a bug and influence Klein and “Parasitize” him.
Before he had absolute confidence, Klein didn’t want his actions to appear
rash.
The main goal of capturing Amon’s Spirit Body Threads was to give the
other party a certain sense of sluggishness. This was a performance of the
“Fooling” authority during the stage of transforming into a marionette. And
with Klein’s present state, he was naturally more willing to choose such a
low-level but effective method. This would be less of a burden on him, and
it wouldn’t seriously affect his mental stability like when he used the
authority of “Fooling.”
At this moment, apart from Amon, his enemy also included the Celestial
Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings in his body.
Of course, Amon was the same. If “He” didn’t suppress the Celestial
Worthy’s madness, the latter would have already revived in “His” body.
After creating a brief pause in Amon’s thoughts, Klein had three choices:
The first was to take this opportunity to escape Sefirah Castle, but he wasn’t
sure if Amon’s instincts were still working and would still attempt to stop
him from escaping
Second, it was to summon the projections of the Historical Void, but it
wasn’t of much use. The effects of an angel-level existence could do little in
this battle of gods. It was possible that they couldn’t withstand Amon’s
gaze, much less “Their” historical projections. Even if Klein wanted to use
it to transmit information, it lacked sufficient value—the other deities
couldn’t enter Sefirah Castle and provide help.
Third, he could use this opportunity to exert a certain amount of influence
on Amon’s true body.
Without any hesitation, Klein chose the third plan.
He wanted to take the opportunity to “Graft” Amon, Sefirah Castle, and the
door of light that was stained with bluish-black together.
Klein felt that Amon’s half-crazy state wasn’t bad enough. “He” just
appeared rather talkative, with him occasionally not grasping an
opportunity. He wanted to make “Him” go crazier.
When Amon and Sefirah Castle completed the “Reassembly,” the Celestial
Worthy’s will in “His” body would clearly strengthen, and the chaos in
“His” mind would intensify.
That way, Amon would lack the rationality to restrain “Himself,” making
“His” actions more instinctive than being the result of a contemplative
thinking process.
To Mr. Error who was an expert at “deceit,” this would be fatal.
Of course, Klein could only maintain this kind of “Grafting” for a second.
Exceeding this limit might mean that he would no longer be facing Amon,
but the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.
When the time came, the other party would definitely gladly accept the gift
of Sefirah Castle. “He” could then fight Sequence o The Fool with a sefirah,
two Uniquenesses, and the corresponding Sequence 1 Beyonder
characteristics.
Originally, Klein could’ve relied on his “Fooling” authority to reduce
Amon’s intelligence, but firstly, he wasn’t able to use power at this level for
a long time in his current state. Secondly, as a dual-pathway true god, and a
wielder of many authorities, the duration of the “Blind Stupidity” effect on
“Him” was rather limited. Therefore, Klein had no choice but to take the
risk of “Grafting” things in such a way.
And madness would accompany Amon, doing so until “He” found a new
balance or met the best Psychiatrist.
In the blink of an eye, the translucent, cold mask appeared on Klein’s face
once again. A strange door of light that was stained with a hint of bluish-
black suffused from Amon’s body.
Sefirah Castle.