Chapter 1110

: Spirit Channeling
For a moment, the cold night became abnormally scorching hot, as though
invisible lava was surging within it.
However, everything quickly returned to normal.
The Red Angel evil spirit sized up Klein and smiled as if nothing had
happened.
“I’ll say it again. You have talent in being a Provoker.
“Back when Zaratul digested the Bizarro Sorcerer potion, even ‘He’ didn’t
dare to pretend to be Amon in front of me.”
There wasn’t a hint of anger in his tone. He didn’t mention why Zaratul
didn’t dare to do so, but with his gaze sweeping across Klein, it was as if he
had fallen deep inside a glacier, his body freezing in the process.
This was how his actual body felt. Even though he was separated by a
marionette, the back of his neck and back still had goosebumps.
Without needing Sauron Einhorn Medici to say anything else, Klein
understood the hidden meaning behind his words:
Anyone who dared to use such a method to scare “Him” would suffer the
punishment of steel and blood on the spot!
Looking at the Red Angel evil spirit in front of him who had a converged
aura but was giving off a feeling of an extremely high level of superiority,
Klein couldn’t help but inwardly mutter, If it wasn’t for the fact that the
Bizarro Sorcerer potion had been digested to a certain extent, I would’ve
thought that your willpower was as strong as steel and that your strength
has returned to the level of at least a Sequence 1. And now, I can basically
confirm that, under your calm demeanor, you’re hiding a strong fear
towards Amon. This also means that your current level is at most at
Sequence 2…
Besides, I was already mentally prepared to lose a marionette. In order to
quickly digest the potion, I had to take the risk…
If Danitz was here and he was given the opportunity to shout out “coward”
twice, he could probably quickly digest the Provoker potion even if he had
drunk four or five bottles…
Without further agitating the Red Angel evil spirit, Klein smiled and took
off the monocle.
“Back in the Solomon Empire, Zaratul should already be an angel. How
would he still need to digest the Bizarro Sorcerer potion?”
“I’m talking about the young Zaratul,” Sauron Einhorn Medici said
casually.
This is consistent with the description from the grandpa in Leonard’s
body… Klein nodded indiscernibly and focused on the main topic at hand.
“You’ve already finished off the Demoness of White?”
“What do you think?” The Red Angel evil spirit laughed and said, “Also,
one must be polite. Since Katarina calls herself the Saintess of White, then
you shouldn’t call her a Demoness anymore.”
Polite… A Hunter emphasizing manners with me… At that instant, the
corners of Klein’s mouth twitched, expressing the ludicrousness of the
matter, but he ultimately held back.
From the looks of it, “provoking” isn’t limited to ridiculing and cursing
others. Uh, Danitz, who only knows how to curse using one word, is a
disgrace to Hunters… As he thought, Klein said, “I’ve already fulfilled my
promise. I think you don’t mind giving me a small reward.”
“Reward?” the Red Angel evil spirit scoffed and asked.
Klein ignored “His” attitude and continued, “I wish to communicate with
the Demoness of White. I want to ask her something.”
“Just this request?” the Red Angel evil spirit asked in amusement.
Klein nodded.
“That’s right.”
“No problem.” Sauron Einhorn Medici raised his right hand and grabbed at
his glabella. From there, a blurry figure was pulled out. It was none other
than Saintess of White Katarina, whose facial expression was filled with
horror.
“Can we have a private conversation?” Seeing this, Klein looked around.
The Red Angel evil spirit immediately laughed and said, “Do you need a
room where the two of you can be together?
Think about it with that brain of yours. Even if you want to hide the
questions you would like to raise from me, I can still find out through
Katarina’s spirit. That is, of course, unless you don’t plan on returning her
to me? Or are you a little boy who needs things to follow a ritual?”
Klein made the marionette reply with a deadpan expression, “I have a way
to make her forget my questions.”
This was both the truth and a lie. The truth was that he could use Hvin
Rambis’s Manipulator’s Beyonder characteristic to complete the job.
However, it was relatively difficult, and the chance of failure was very high.
Furthermore, the negative effects weren’t minor. The reason why he lied
was because he had no intention of doing so. This would expose many
important matters. He only had one purpose in saying this: to make the Red
Angel evil spirit suspect that the answers obtained weren’t the truth and that
there were key hidden parts beneath the surface. From that, “He” would
ignore the value of the answers obtained on the surface. This worked
wonders on people who were highly suspicious.
Of course, there was no hope of success. After all, the entity opposite him
was the Red Angel who was master of “conspiracies.”
“Not bad.” After Sauron Einhorn Medici heard Klein’s reply, “His” body
suddenly vanished, projecting itself onto the glass window.
Klein glanced at the blood that had already coagulated on the gray stones,
feeling somewhat wistful as he brought the somewhat muddle-headed
Demoness of White Katarina far away from the glass and into a dark alley.
He then took out candles, essential oils, and herbal powders. He set up an
altar and prayed to the Evernight Goddess, hoping that he could use
ritualistic magic to complete the mediumship.
This was a skill he had mastered when he was still a Nighthawk.
As the ritual was completed, an immense and terrifying power descended
from an indescribable height, causing the surroundings to become unusually
quiet.
Klein’s eyes instantly darkened, as it was like the dark night was
compressed.
He then saw more things around Katarina’s spirit—flickering light and
blurry mind storms.
He easily passed through those obstacles and faced the Demoness of
White’s Body of Heart and Mind.
“Has the cooperation between the Demoness Sect and George III come to
an end?” Without being careless, Klein began from a less sensitive question
to observe Katarina’s condition.
The dazed and confused look on Katarina’s face faded a little as she nodded
with a pure smile.
“Yes.”
“Then why are you still in Backlund?” Klein asked further.
Katarina replied solemnly, “I’m in pursuit of Trissy. She took an important
Sealed Artifact from us.”
“What’s the Sealed Artifact?” Klein suddenly recalled the sapphire ring that
Demoness Trissy had once worn on her hand. It was intricately made.
Demoness of White Katarina said with a pious expression, “It has
something to do with the awakening of Primordial. Apart from its high level
at Grade 0, it doesn’t have any special abilities.”
Indeed, it has to do with the Primordial Demoness… You people even
changed Trissy’s name to Trissy Cheek… Klein didn’t reveal that he knew
the true name of the Primordial Demoness. Instead, he asked, “Do you
know where the other eight mausoleums of George III are?”
Katarina frowned slightly and answered in a manner meant to garner
sympathy, “They’re separately located in the southwest suburbs of
Backlund, Awwa County, East Chester County…”
This Demoness of White first gave a simple account of the locations of the
eight mausoleums before introducing their specific locations and situations
in detail.
“The eight mausoleums have already been repaired. They temporarily
deactivated the teleportation tunnel. Even if they have the corresponding
charms, there’s no way to open them again. It’s almost impossible to find
them directly from the outside world…
“Other than Prince Grove, Duchess Georgina, the two angels of the royal
family, and George III, no one else can enter…”
Well, some of those places were places where Qonas Kilgor often went
hunting, so it matches my guess. This means that the Demoness of White
isn’t lying… I’ll make a confirmation above the gray fog later…
If this is really the case, it would be quite troublesome… With the current
situation, be it Prince Grove or Duchess Georgina, they would definitely be
in the sights of the angels…
The biggest hurdle is entering the ruins. Once entry is gained, what follows
won’t be that dangerous. War has already broken out, and there’s a need to
fight against the Feysacians. Demigods are a limited resource, so there’s no
way George III can have every ruin be guarded by a saint, with the option
of an angel to provide reinforcements… As Klein’s thoughts raced, he first
posed a question:
“The royal family has two angels?”
“In fact, that’s not the case. It’s very likely that George III is also one,”
Katarina replied honestly. “One of those two angels is the Founder of the
Loen Kingdom, Protector William I who has survived since the Fourth
Epoch. ‘He’ is a Sequence 1 Hand of Order of the Arbiter pathway, while
the other is the former Duke of Southville, Dlink Augustus. ‘He’ is a
Sequence 2 Balancer… As for how many Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts the royal
family has, I’m not sure.”
The Founder on the ten-pound note is still alive? I have the feeling that
history has seeped into reality again… After some thought, he nodded and
asked, “Why are you working with George III?”
“For a Conqueror Beyonder characteristic. It’s already in our hands.”
Katarina’s expression became a little excited. Conqueror was the name of
the Red Priest pathway’s Sequence 1 potion!
“Then, will it belong to the Primordial Demoness, or belong to the upper
echelons of your sect?” Klein asked thoughtfully. “Who are the higher-ups
of your sect?”
“It will be sacrificed to Primordial. However, we have to find the Sealed
Artifact that Trissy took away first. Currently, it has been kept by the
Saintess of Black… All the higher-ups of our sect have colors as their code
names…” Katarina answered truthfully.
After understanding more details, Klein terminated the spirit channeling,
cleaned up the altar, and allowed the Demoness of White’s spirit to return to
the glass window from before.
As for himself, his body suddenly turned transparent. With the help of
“Teleportation,” he disappeared from this region, rendezvousing with his
actual body and his other marionette.
After watching Gehrman Sparrow leave, the gloominess and confusion on
Katarina’s face suddenly vanished as her expression became extremely
astute.
She then entered the glass window which had turned dark again.
A few seconds later, Sauron Einhorn Medici and Demoness of White
Katarina walked out of the “mirror” together. The latter’s figure was clear
and filled with flesh. She showed no signs of death!
“Are you saying that he was asking about the other eight secret mausoleums
of George III? The power of the spirit channeling came from Evernight?”
The Red Angel evil spirit stroked “His” chin and turned to ask Katarina.
The Demoness of White nodded slightly and said, “That’s right.”
“Heh.” The Red Angel evil spirit immediately laughed. “So he doesn’t want
George III to become the Black Emperor.” Katarina’s eyes darted around as
she revealed a smile.
“But it’s impossible to succeed. No matter how fast he advances or how
much help he receives, there’s no way he can resist the combined forces of
the royal family, the military, and that organization. No, if it’s just the
Augustus family, with his level and strength, he won’t be able to do
anything, unless Evernight personally descends.”
Having said that, this Demoness of White asked in a seemingly casual
manner, “I’m very puzzled. Why didn’t you kill me directly after grasping
the absolute advantage over me?”
The Red Angel evil spirit glanced at her as the corners of “His” mouth
slowly curled up.
“Do you think you have the right to be my true target?”