Chapter 906

: Leonard’s Warning
Backlund, North Borough.
The pitch-black night had the crimson moon covered by clouds. There were
only street lamps on the two sides of the road that emitted a faint light,
illuminating the road ahead and the doors of the nearby houses.
7 Pinster Street’s mailbox was silently hiding in the intersection between
light and dark, bathing in a cool breeze that blew from the side as though it
was in a slumber.
At this moment, newspapers, bills, and letters from various unknown people
suddenly spewed out from its mouth.
These objects seemed to be dragged by an invisible hand as they floated in
midair before flying towards the door and entering through a gap.
Inside the house, at the foyer, the newspapers automatically spread open as
they rapidly flipped over. Then, they were casually left on the chair,
stacking over other newspapers.
The bills and letters continued flying into the living room, with the former
quickly stopping. With a few shakes, they floated to the surface of the
coffee table and lined up. The latter had their envelopes removed, and the
letters without envelopes quickly unfolded themselves, showcasing
themselves in midair.
After a while, a portion of these letters flew onto a rack on the first floor’s
study. Some rushed for the scissors to help it cut itself apart. Then, they
orderly surged into the washroom and were thrown into the toilet.
Whoosh!
The mechanical flush of the toilet was automatically depressed, washing
away the paper shreds into the sewers.
7 Pinster Street went back to normal, and its silence was identical to an
uninhabited house’s.
Southern Continent. East Balam. Kolain City.
Leonard Mitchell, who had just arrived, was resting in a residence arranged
by the local Church of Evernight.
Suddenly, that slightly-aged voice sounded in his mind:
“Punk, you have an important letter.”
“What letter?” While Leonard asked softly, he already had a guess in mind.
To mail an important letter to 7 Pinster Street without caring that it was
inhabited, there was only one, no—two people: Klein Moretti and Dwayne
Dantès.
As for why the old man named Pallez Zoroast could still clearly read the
letters sent to 7th Pinster Street despite the Berserk Sea and half the
Northern Continent separating them, Leonard had only a guess or two. This
was because he had helped the old man capture a specter before.
With regards to this, his theory was:
Old Man definitely used a Worm of Time to parasitize that specter, making it
“His” eyes, ears, and mouth in the Northern Continent.
At that moment, Pallez Zoroast replied to his question.
“It’s from Klein Moretti. He said that while Dwayne Dantès was heading to
the Southern Continent, he discovered traces of Ince Zangwill on Waypoint
Island in the Berserk Sea.”
Leonard fell silent immediately as his mouth turned agape. However, he
didn’t say a word.
After a long while, he muttered with a slightly hoarse voice, “As expected,
he didn’t forget the need for revenge…
“What can I do?”
“What can you do? You’re only a Sequence 6. Even if Ince Zangwill doesn’t
wield 0-08, you still lack the qualifications to exact vengeance on him. He
just needs to reveal his Mythical Creature form to make you lose control
and become a lunatic. The chances of you getting your revenge are zero!
This is the qualitative change that godhood brings,” Pallez Zoroast said
rather sternly.
He paused before chuckling.
“Thankfully, you understand yourself in a way that’s better than before. In
the past, you definitely would’ve said that you would inform the Church
with news of Ince Zangwill and join the team to pursue him. And now, you
know to ask what you can do.”
Leonard had wanted to retort a few times, but he ultimately didn’t say a
word.
Pallez Zoroast continued, “What you can do for now is to give Klein
Moretti some information. Wait for him to write back to you. Then, based on
the arrangements written, provide the necessary assistance.”
“So no finding excuses so as to inform the Church of Ince Zangwill’s
location?” Leonard heavily asked, somewhat surprised.
Pallez Zoroast chuckled and said, “No hurry. Do it at the critical moment.
“Although 0-08 enjoys causing its possessor’s death, it doesn’t wish to be
sealed even more so. As long as you inform the Church of Ince Zangwill’s
location and begin a pursuit, it will immediately learn of it and make the
necessary arrangements.
“Regarding this, you need to warn Klein Moretti.”
Leonard was taken aback for a second as he asked, “Old Man, you seem to
know 0-08 rather well.”
It wasn’t apparent in the past!
Pallez’s slightly-aged voice chuckled.
“Of course I am. During the Fourth Epoch, 0-08 had once caused the death
of an angel.
“I can’t tell you too much because once you know of it, it will also know
you. The more you know about it, the more likely you will become a
character in its stories.”
Leonard came to an actual realization of 0-08’s terror from Old Man’s
vague words. This had already exceeded the mysticism he knew!
After some thought, Leonard asked habitually, “Then how should I hint to
Klein Moretti without letting 0-08 know? Or that even if he were to know, it
will be very superficial knowledge, making me a bystander in the story…”
Just as he said that, Leonard clasped his hands and gritted his teeth. Without
waiting for Old Man’s reply, he continued, “An indirect hint? I’ll tell him
I’ll temporarily not inform the Church of Ince Zangwill’s location… I
believe he should be able to understand that there’s a problem based on the
situation. He will understand that we need to be extremely cautious. And
even if he fails to interpret that, his secret organization has members who
understand the Fourth Epoch well enough to provide him with help.
“Also, just writing the sentence, ‘Once you know it, it will also know you,’
without mentioning 0-08 should be enough for Klein to guess what this is
pointing at…”
After Pallez Zoroast finished listening, “He” chuckled and said, “Humans
will only grow under pressure.”
Leonard exhaled and sat up. He found a pen and paper and penned his
thoughts.
Following that, he set up a ritual right on the heels of that and summoned
Gehrman Sparrow’s messenger.
…
Berserk Sea, Waypoint Island. On a liner docked at the harbor.
Many tourists weren’t alighting. They were huddled in the lower deck
cabins, waiting to arrive at the Southern Continent to begin a life filled with
hope.
They had gone through a great deal of effort to save up the fare for a ship
ride that spanned a few short days. They were from Loen and were those
who had been forced to take such risks.
Klein, who was acting as the tycoon, Dwayne Dantès, wasn’t like them. He
lived in a spacious, clean first-class cabin that could even be described as
luxurious. Under some candlelight, he opened the letter that had just been
delivered by Reinette Tinekerr.
Will not be informing the Church of Ince Zangwill’s location for the time
being… To Leonard, although the source of the tip might put him in certain
danger, it’s not impossible for him to do it… Didn’t he join the Red Gloves
to seek revenge? This means that he has a reason why he can’t sound the
alarm on Ince Zangwill… As Klein thought, he continued reading the rest
of the letter: “Once you know it, it will also know you.”
Suddenly, Klein exclaimed, finding the description somewhat familiar!
This is very similar to the Twilight Hermit Order. Any mention of it will be
known… So, 0-08 is a Sealed Artifact of the Spectator pathway? Leonard
isn’t informing the Church of this matter because he’s held back by this. He
wishes to wait for a better opportunity? This is likely something the
grandpa in his body told him… Klein nodded in thought, feeling thankful
that he hadn’t asked Reinette Tinekerr for help moments ago.
That would’ve been equally dangerous for Miss Messenger.
Besides, most important of all, I haven’t made any preparations. If I were to
only rely on a helper I hire, my plan might very well be detected by 0-08
ahead of time. A series of coincidences would then be created, producing a
targeted arrangement… Klein silently sighed and felt that he needed to do
something, but he was at a loss as to how to begin.
From the angle of improving his strength, the acquirement of the
corresponding ingredients of Bizarro Bane and Spirit World Plunderer
depended on the subsequent request of the City of Silver’s Chief and how
long Miss Magician could receive the exact coordinates from her teacher.
These were all dependent on external factors that Klein had no means of
expediting.
The only thing he could do was to try his best to digest the Marionettist
potion as quickly as possible.
And after concluding most of the acting principles, the actual
implementation was more important.
Therefore, Klein believed that he needed to obtain two marionettes within a
short span of time.
He had previously been delaying it because he didn’t have any good targets.
It stemmed from him being in Backlund with servants around him. Unless
they were special marionettes, it was very difficult to hide their existences.
And now, he was almost at the Southern Continent. He decided that as long
as he identified an evil target who deserved the gallows, he would first
transform them into his marionette until he had a better replacement!
Perhaps using an ordinary marionette to complete a rather difficult task
will accelerate the digestion… Heh, my standards for a marionette has
dropped to its lowest. All it needs to know is Dutanese. That way, I don’t
have to hire an interpreter; after all, I can share their senses… Klein
quickly made up his mind and planned on writing to Leonard Mitchell after
he had a more advanced plan.
…
East Balam, Kolain City.
Klein carried his luggage and stepped onto the dock, touching ground on
the Southern Continent.
He looked into the distance at the city that was built on terraces. He silently
said to himself, I have to have two marionettes when I leave this place.
And before that, he had one thing to do. It was to lose the tail of the
“followers” that the military had arranged.
The two gentlemen were rather good at being spies, but to Klein, they were
as bright as fireflies in the night. This was because, no matter how well
disguised they were, Klein could use his Faceless’s ability of observation
and his memory of a human’s physical features and looks to recognize them
at a glance.