Chapter 751

: Loen-styled Euphemism
Late at night. 7 Pinster Street.
Leonard Mitchell sat on a chair with his legs raised onto the side of his
desk.
Following that, he leaned back, causing the wooden headrest to creak from
the pressure. His breathing gradually turned long and slow.
After an unknown period of time, his eyelids drooped and covered his eyes.
At this moment, Leonard’s spirit had arrived in a gray, hazy world, but he
was still in his bedroom.
He flew to the window and saw thick gray fog blanket the nearby streets
and extend outwards. It seemed to be embracing all of Backlund.
The street lamps along the streets and the warm light from the different
houses appeared abnormally dim. They were only able to illuminate a very
tiny region, and everything seemed to be tainted with a sense of blurriness.
At the same time, blobs of illusory oval lights appeared as they enveloped a
house in an intersecting manner, as though it was the source of their
existence.
This was the city through a Nightmare’s eyes.
Leonard followed up on his previous investigations and leaped out the
window in a Nightmare state. He then flew to 17 Minsk Street.
He didn’t attempt to storm in. He stood at the door in the thick fog as he
politely pulled the doorbell.
Cuckoo! Cuckoo! Dressed in her nightgown, Stelyn Sammer opened the
door.
She placed her silver-inlaid pleated fan at her chest as she asked in
confusion and puzzlement, “Who are you looking for?”
She was none other than Klein’s landlord back when he was acting as
Sherlock Moriarty. She was a blonde-haired, blue-eyed lady in her thirties.
Leonard had already changed into a black-and-white checkered police
uniform. He casually showed his identification and asked, “Do you know
Sherlock Moriarty?”
Trapped in the dream, Stelyn’s reaction was very slow. She asked after a
few seconds, “Did something happen to him?”
Just as she asked, her impression of Sherlock Moriarty appeared beside her
under Leonard’s influence.
He wore a half top hat, a double-breasted frock coat, gold-rimmed
spectacles on his nose, and a bushy mustache around his mouth…
This was identical to the information he previously received about Sherlock
Moriarty. Hence, he didn’t show any doubts and said, “He’s been involved
in a case and is undergoing an investigation.
“I hope you can cooperate with us.”
“A-alright.” Stelyn wished to raise her chin, but for some reason, she felt a
little horrified.
Leonard thought for a second and asked, “Since when did he rent this place
from you?”
“Early September last year,” Stelyn said after recalling her memories.
Leonard continued asking, “What do you know of him? Or should I say,
what kind of person do you think he is?”
When that was mentioned, Stelyn appeared as though she had long
considered the answer to such a question.
“He comes from Midseashire, and he has an accent from that area. He’s a
very capable detective, and he once exposed the adultery which Mary’s
husband was undertaking. However, his income isn’t too high. He doesn’t
even hire a full-time housemaid. All he can do is get my maid to help him
part-time… My children tell me that he’s good at telling stories, especially
detective-related stories. This might be why he had chosen this
profession…”
Without giving Leonard a chance to interrupt her, she droned on
incessantly, “He’s not as boorish like the typical detective. He went to
grammar school and studied history. What leaves me most envious of all is
how he obtained Mary’s gratitude. He joined the Quelaag Club where its
members are people with significant status. I’ve only been there a few
times…
“Later, he apparently became famous in the detective circles, and private
detectives often came to look for him…”
Leonard lost his patience listening to her drone on as he couldn’t help but
rub his temples.
He had failed to obtain any useful information from Mrs. Stelyn. Apart
from Sherlock Moriarty’s poor financial situation and him being good at
telling detective stories, the rest was within the scope of what he had
previously investigated. He even knew that Sherlock Moriarty had good ties
with Isengard Stanton.
Next, I’ll investigate those from the Quelaag Club who have good
relationships with Sherlock Moriarty… Once he patiently finished listening
to Mrs. Stelyn’s droning, he immediately thanked her and left her dream.
…
160 Böklund Street. Inside Dwayne Dantès’s mansion.
In the hall that could accommodate more than a hundred dancers, Klein was
embracing a lady in her thirties as they danced.
This was the etiquette teacher that Walter had hired. Her name was Wahana
Heisen.
She had a common name, but she wasn’t ordinary at all. Her facial features
were only above average, but her disposition was impeccable. Her every
action was filled with charm.
According to Walter’s introduction, she was born in a baron’s family. She
received a good education from a young age and later entered the palace.
She had the job of court lady until she was married.
As her family had declined and her husband’s financial situation was only
ordinary, being a believer in the Evernight Goddess prompted her to choose
to become a private tutor in etiquette. She often went to the families of
nobles and tycoons to teach their children.
Although the butler didn’t spell it out, Klein knew that he couldn’t perform
badly in front of this lady, or there was no way to save his reputation.
The way members of high society asked about a person’s situation was
mainly through common acquaintances. And at times, the interaction
between servants also mattered.
With nimble footsteps and graceful moves, the black-haired Wahana nodded
approvingly.
“Mr. Dantès, it’s hard for me to imagine you not having learned these dance
steps before.
“In less than half an hour, you’re as skilled as a noble who received
education on this from a young age.”
“It’s all thanks to your teachings.” Klein gave a humble smile as he wore a
warm, humble look.
With the Clown’s balance, dancing was a very easy matter for him.
Wahana lowered her head and chuckled softly.
“You’re a gentleman who can really make a lady happy.”
She immediately raised her light brown eyes and swept her gaze across
Dwayne Dantès’s silver sideburns and deep blue eyes.
“That’s the best praise I’ve heard today,” Klein replied with a smile. During
this period, his feet kept moving as he spun Wahana gently around. Not far
away, the hired quartet’s melodious music echoed through the hall.
He had the intention to have close ties with Wahana, not to improve his
reputation, but because she was once a court lady.
After Wahana corrected a minor mistake that Dwayne Dantès committed,
she said, “When inviting a lady to dance, it’s not only a dance. You also
need to converse. You can’t be like two dolls unless both of you are so
immersed in the dance and music’s rhythm that you do not wish to speak.
Of course, that’s also a form of communication—a form of communication
of the heart.
“When conversing, you must be euphemistic because this is Loen, not Intis.
“To put it simply, do not be direct and crude. You need to appear
gentlemanly.
“Let me raise an example. If you wish to compliment a lady for her
perfume, you can’t directly tell her how nice it smells, nor ask what kind of
perfume it is to praise her. You need to connect a more euphemistic
meaning to it and mention that. Yes, you can say something like: It feels
like I’m out in the spring meadows.
“Of course, this needs to match the traits of perfume.”
There’s no literary feel. Shouldn’t you say that “the moon is beautiful, isn’t
is?” Klein lampooned with a Japanese-styled euphemism as he said with a
self-deprecating smile, “Thank you for not telling me that my praises
weren’t gentlemanly enough.”
Wahana’s smile deepened.
“Mr. Dantès, do you know what kind of gentleman is very welcomed by
women at social events?”
“Pray, do tell.” Klein honestly shook his head.
Wahana said without a change in her smile, “The second most popular type
are men who make women think that he’s very intelligent.”
“What about the first?” Klein asked cooperatively.
Wahana glanced at him and said, “The most popular type are men who
make women think that they are very intelligent.”
Upon saying that, she smiled and didn’t say another word. Klein instantly
understood she was hiding her praise in between the lines.
So this is Loen-styled euphemism… It’s not like Intis where they just aim
straight for the lower half of the body… Hmm, that’s what’s written in
papers and magazines. I’ve no way of confirming what real Intis social
events are like. Anyway, both countries often sully each other… The
emperor’s era does match that description though… Klein nodded in
enlightenment.
The two-hour etiquette lesson ended in a harmonious mood. Klein walked
Teacher Wahana Heisen to the door with Butler Walter and Valet
Richardson before giving her a tiny gift.
It was Moonlight, a perfume from the Dream Company. It was mixed with
gray amber, making it rather expensive.
As for how much it was, Klein wasn’t sure, as Housekeeper Taneja was
responsible for buying it. The payment was through her. Only when the
1,000 pounds was almost expended would she come to him with receipts
and a list for him to vet so as to receive fresh funds.
The reason why Klein knew the company and perfume was that his butler
had informed him ahead of time. It was to prevent him from appearing
insincere if Ma’am Wahana were to ask.
From this detail, he had a deep understanding of the use of a good butler.
Watching the satisfied Ma’am Wahana Heisen leave, Klein held back the
urge to rub his temples as he sighed inwardly, This is more tiring than a
Beyonder battle. I have to constantly watch my actions and deliberate over
my words… I need some rest.
At that point, the white-gloved Walter took a step forward and said, “Sir,
since you wish for your etiquette studies to progress faster, we can move the
remaining lessons forward.”
“What lessons?” Klein felt a headache.
“History, international politics, philosophy, music, as well as general
knowledge of sports like golf, racing, hunting…” Walter answered
meticulously.
“Philosophy?” Klein asked in surprise.
Walter nodded.
“It’s one of the most common topics discussed in high society. You don’t
need to have very deep research into it, but you need to know what others
are discussing. You need to know that the origins of philosophy stem from
Kongsoka, Mareddy, and Paterson, and not Emperor Roselle. You need to
know that “Man was born free” came from Leumi.
“When tycoons first enter high society, many of them often make mistakes
in such aspects. They’re used to attributing certain sentences and
philosophical thoughts to Emperor Roselle.”
Klein felt his head ache the more he heard. He forcefully smiled and said, “I
haven’t got any matters to do recently, apart from my afternoon naps and
heading to the cathedral. You can arrange the lessons to be at anytime.”
…
In a dark room, a letter floated up and opened by itself before shaking the
piece of paper.
In her tiny bonnet, Sharron’s figure was outlined. She grasped the letter and
seriously read through it.
She then wrote a reply and set up a ritual to summon Sherlock Moriarty’s
messenger.
During this process, she didn’t forget to prepare a gold coin.
Soon, Sharron finished the incantation as she watched the candle flame
burgeon and be tainted with a gloomy green color.
Reinette Tinekerr, with the four blonde, red-eyed heads in hand, appeared
out of the candlelight and appeared before Sharron.
Sharron’s eyes constricted as her doll-like face suddenly showed immense
emotional fluctuations.
She blurted out, “Teacher!
“Haven’t you already…”