Chapter 893

: Hair-Resembling Plants
The one that was most interested Cuarón’s suicide was none other than
Justice Audrey. However, she had long noticed that Fors had some slight
interest in the case. Hence, she didn’t ask and had maintained her posture,
patiently waiting for a particular best-selling author to pose the question.
In just a second or two, Fors looked at the borders of the table in front of
The World and asked after some deliberation, “What’s the truth?”
Klein had already rehearsed how he was to describe it, so without any
hesitation, he got The World to say, “The mastermind behind it is the royal
family’s consultant, Hvin Rambis. He probably has another identity—a
councillor of the Psychology Alchemists.”
When she heard the first sentence, Audrey’s mind had already naturally
produced the image of a genial elder. This man came from an aristocratic
background. He had graduated from Berth University and possessed
profound knowledge and outstanding insight. He had been a consultant to
the royal family for more than a decade and was publicly recognized as a
scholar, a good man, a gentleman.
Audrey had previously suspected that Cuarón’s suicide might have been
instigated by the royal family, but she never expected the mastermind to be
the genial, amiable, kind, and humorous Hvin Rambis!
When The World announced the other identity of the man, she found herself
unable to hide her alarm and puzzlement.
Hvin Rambis is a Beyonder? He’s a councillor of the Psychology
Alchemists?
This also means that he might be a demigod… I’ve seen him so many
times, but I’ve never connected him to the mysterious world. I always
found him to be solely a scholar, a knowledgeable scholar…
If Mr. World wasn’t misled in his investigations, I’d really find it
unbelievable. That Hvin Rambis, who’s known to be helpful to others,
would treat a life with such coldness. He coldly made a child lose his father,
a wife to lose her husband, parents to lose their son… He usually presents
himself to be cultured and loving… Hmm, politics is dirtier than I
imagined. Same for the royal family…
Speaking of which, I have yet to meet a councilor of the Psychology
Alchemists. I’ve never made contact with their upper echelons. I never
expected that this secret organization is almost no different from the cults
like the Aurora Order and Numinous Episcopate… Our Tarot Club is better.
Mr. Fool is always stopping or disrupting the plans of the evil gods and
devils…
While Audrey’s mind was in chaos, Alger acutely sensed the brewing
problems in Backlund’s political climate. He felt that various factions were
interlinked and that there were many secrets. They formed a massive bucket
of explosives that could explode at any time.
The nobles, royal family, Church of Storms, Church of Evernight, Church
of Steam, the burgeoning rich, the commoners who live on a precipice, and
the lowest class who live abject lives… The revolution of the times is so
obvious. To think I didn’t recognize this at all. I just simply believed
Qilangos’s words and the “evidence” he showed. An epoch where the old
gods fade and new gods arise is about to descend. The tides of history are
roaring in an unstoppable manner… Alger silently sighed, seemingly seeing
the tall gothic bell tower and the Bell of Order that hung in it.
And surrounding this famous landmark, swirls of air was materializing and
the light was darkening. It appeared that eddies were gearing up to form
hurricanes.
Suddenly, Alger had a theory.
What arises might not be a new god, but an ancient god from an even more
remote age…
He instinctively glanced at the seat of honor at the end of the long bronze
table before quickly retracting his gaze. He could hardly quell the upheavals
in his heart.
At that moment, he had a baffling feeling that his ambition and goals were
too puny. He had only wanted to become an archbishop of the Church of
Storms, a saint. In this position, he would have authority in the world and
he could direct many things in secret.
Since the old gods are fading away and new gods are rising, Mr. Fool will
be returning to “His” throne in the astral world. Then why shouldn’t I
consider being an angel?
Only at this level can I complete a qualitative change in my existence. I’ll
be able to live a long lifespan. Only then can I lord over people and lead a
large-scale organization. I’ll wield authority over the world!
As thoughts flashed through his mind, Alger trembled in an almost
indiscernible manner. His heart was spewing with agitated emotions.
When Cattleya connected Queen Mystic’s whereabouts for the past two
months, she felt that the latter had been spending a large portion of her time
in Backlund.
Is something about to happen in Backlund? I can try asking when I write
this time. I wonder what response Her Majesty will give… Cattleya nudged
her heavy glasses on her nose and swept her gaze across Miss Justice and
the other members from Backlund.
Fors knew some of the details of Cuarón’s suicide case. She knew that the
victim had acted on his own the entire time and that he wasn’t controlled.
She also knew that the witnesses believed without a doubt that everything
was a result of Dwayne Dantès. Comparing this with the actual situation
had induced a deep sense of fear towards the councillor of the Psychology
Alchemists. She didn’t wish that she would one day find out that her
thoughts and hobbies were all a result of someone else’s doing.
How is this different from being a puppet? A High-Sequence Beyonder of
the Spectator pathway is terrifying… However, this is really good writing
material. Currently, the science of psychology already has hypnosis… In
my next book, I want to write about a sick girl liking a gentleman. She uses
hypnosis to make him fall in love with her. The ending climax is when she
discovers that the gentleman is actually a master hypnotist… Fors gaped her
mouth before closing it again. She didn’t ask further about Hvin Rambis
since she didn’t know him at all.
Klein’s sharing of Hvin Rambis was mainly to warn Miss Justice. He
wanted her to be careful and wary of this Psychology Alchemists councilor.
Now, seeing that his goal had been achieved, he said, “There’s another
matter. Help me take note of Brigadier General Qonas Kilgor. He’s the
deputy director of MI9. On the surface, he’s only a Sequence 5, but in
actual fact, he’s a Black Emperor pathway demigod. He possesses rather
potent spiritual perception and can sharply detect that others are observing
him.”
Qonas Kilgor… Audrey repeated this name inwardly and realized that she
had no impression of this gentleman.
Either we have little overlap in our social circles, to the point of just
nodding at each other when bumping into one another without asking who
the other is, or he keeps an extremely low profile. He doesn’t attend such
gatherings often… If I have a chance, I should ask Kance. He’s from MI9.
He definitely knows this superior of his… Audrey was no longer surprised
that Qonas was a demigod despite being a Sequence 5 in name. From her
point of view, it was common for members of an intelligence agency to be
in such situations.
Alger and Cattleya had more or less heard of the high-ranking member of
MI9, Qonas Kilgor. However, they lacked a deeper understanding of the
matter, so all they could do was refresh whatever they knew and remind
themselves to be especially careful when encountering anything to do with
the person in question.
Seeing that Mr. World had nothing else to share, Derrick didn’t wait for Mr.
Hanged Man to ask. He said, “I’ve made a new friend again.”
He paused for a moment before getting to the crux of the matter.
“The area he patrols includes the former Chief’s mausoleum. He told me
that the six-member council has yet to open the door that leads
underground. However, through the cracks on the outer rocks of the
mausoleum, there are luxuriant and strange plants growing out from them.
They look like human hair.”
The six-member council has three demigods. Even if there are some out on
expeditions and aren’t in the City of Silver, the other three likely control a
certain powerful Sealed Artifact or have Grazed an evil spirit, giving them
nearly demigod strength. Despite joining forces for so many days, they
haven’t managed to open the entrance to the former Chief’s mausoleum…
This means that it’s quite a serious problem… Also, what’s the reason for
plants that resemble human hair to suddenly grow? One question after
another arose in Klein’s mind as he waited for The Hanged Man to ask
Little Sun.
He knew that the former would definitely have questions.
Alger, who finished listening quietly, frowned slightly before relaxing his
brows. After some deliberation, he said, “Apart from that, are there any
anomalies?
“Is the one in charge of opening the mausoleum that Shepherd Elder
Lovia?”
“It’s not her. The Chief is present too. Likewise for two other Elders,”
Derrick answered seriously. “There aren’t any other anomalies for the time
being.”
Alger nodded and said, “Very good. Maintain your present state. Establish
communications with more people. Keep a note of any changes with that
mausoleum.”
After being praised, Derrick hurriedly nodded as he answered eagerly.
After a few more exchanges of words, the gathering naturally began the
learning segment. Fors had planned on asking what the Pharaoh mummy
was for, but after seeing The World, she shut her mouth.
When the gathering ended, Klein, who had returned to the real world,
turned on the tap and washed his face and hands before patiently waiting for
night to come.
When the time came, he would be riding on a military airship to Desi Bay.
…
Southern Continent, Behrens Harbor.
As the Golden Dream was cruising south in the Fog Sea, Danitz only took a
few days to arrive at the harbor northmost of West Balam.
He draped himself with a dark-colored cloak and carried a suitcase.
Wearing the Sun Brooch inside his clothes, he carried an iron-black boxing
glove close to his chest. He was walking down the harbor’s roads and was
out while sweating profusely. He felt that he was already armed to the teeth,
far stronger than he was before.
Once out the harbor, Danitz glanced to his sides and extended his hand to
stop a carriage.
When the carriage driver saw him, he said out a string of words:
“%#@&&&()(())…”
What is he saying… Danitz looked blankly at him. It took him a few
seconds to recall one thing.
He didn’t know the local language, Dutanese, at all!
And back when he came to West Balam, he had his captain, a polyglot,
leading the crew. He didn’t need to worry that he didn’t understand
anything.