Chapter 899

: Berserk Sea’s Spirit World
The ingredients used for Desi’s pies are much more generous than in
Backlund. However, they prefer adding some local spices. It felt a little odd
when taking the first few bites, but after getting used to it, it’s quite a
different style… Klein sat inside his hotel and swapped between taking a
mouthful of the oily pie and drinking a mouthful of cool, refreshing sweet
ice tea. He was living quite an idyllic life.
After he had his fill, he didn’t immediately pack up. He picked up the top
hat on the chair beside him and wore it.
Meanwhile, his left palm suddenly turned transparent as his entire body
faded away.
Klein had entered the spirit world and was planning on Traveling to the
Poto Harbor in the Berserk Sea. He was there to seek out food for Creeping
Hunger.
Eskelson, where he was, did belong to Desi Bay, but it was nowhere along
the coast since it was an island. This was the southernmost island of Desi
Bay, and going past it meant one’s entry into the Berserk Sea.
Therefore, the second Klein headed for the predetermined coordinates, an
abnormal sight appeared before his eyes.
The spirit world’s air flows seemed to be materialized as they spun into a
wind. They howled as they enveloped a huge region that seemed boundless.
It was dim inside, with layers of dark clouds. Bolts of lightning tainted with
the deep gloom kept flashing, illuminating the surrounding area like it was
the apocalypse.
At that moment, Klein felt as though he had arrived in a sea that was
eternally ravaged by storms. However, he knew with certainty that this was
the spirit world.
Indeed, it’s just like what many books on mysticism mention. The power
involved with the perishing of Death has not only changed the atmospheric
weather of the sea between the Northern Continent and Southern Continent,
but it also filled it with disaster and danger. It’s how its name was derived.
Furthermore, it also broke the barrier between reality and the illusory,
tainting and damaging the corresponding spirit world and causing them to
affect one another… In the Berserk Sea, if one holds a ritual that involves
the spirit world, using powers related to the spirit world, there will be a high
probability of an accident occurring, causing unimaginable developments…
Klein reflected poignantly as he used his eyes to verify what the books
wrote.
From his point of view, if it weren’t because of this, the various countries in
the Northern Continent wouldn’t have waited for Emperor Roselle to find
the safe sea route before they had a chance of invading the Southern
Continent. After all, to most High-Sequence Beyonders, they could easily
traverse normal kinds of natural barriers.
Roselle’s safe sea route wasn’t simply geological in nature, but also
mysticism in nature!
This also meant that since the Berserk Sea and spirit world were influencing
each other and overlapped, Klein could directly use the local sea maps to
traverse the spirit world’s calamities.
Recalling the content he had read before, Klein found the correct location
and entered the dark spirit world.
The howling of the gales sounded from every direction. Even the secondary
gusts of wind left a chill running deep down from Klein’s soul or spine.
This made him believe that if he had traveled in a Spirit Body state without
the use of the Black Emperor card, Tyrant card, and Azik’s copper whistle
to augment himself, there was quite a good chance of him suffering a
serious injury.
And if this wasn’t the “safe sea route,” he believed that there was a chance
his physical body couldn’t withstand the black storms that were filled with
death.
Compared to the gales, the dark lightning bolts were far more dangerous.
Klein suspected that he couldn’t even withstand being smote by one of
them. As for the hidden maelstrom and the wandering creatures, they were
another form of danger.
This is a place without any material seawater. I wonder what’s at the end of
the maelstrom… Klein followed the safe sea route and traversed the land at
an adequate speed. From time to time, he would survey his surroundings to
broaden his horizons.
Suddenly, he saw a strange creature.
It was dragging a huge sickle and was situated inside a black hurricane. As
it was formed by individual skulls, it was swollen and massive.
The skulls were either grayish-white or grayish-black of varying sizes. They
were also from different species, and all of them were stacked into one,
forming its torso, limbs, and head.
Almost at the same moment that Klein saw this strange creature, it also
discovered Klein. All the skulls turned their heads in unison, producing a
grinding sound that couldn’t be concealed.
The dark eye sockets were countless in number as they followed and
overlapped one another.
Klein’s forehead throbbed as he used Traveling to pass through the area,
entering the next safe sea route.
And on the nearby illusory sea, bloody arms and illusory greenish-black
tentacles extended out from the sea surface.
…
Outside the City of Silver, a black mausoleum stood inverted over the
ground like an inverted pyramid.
At that moment, there were all kinds of dense black plants that grew out
from the cracks in the mausoleum’s bricks. Even the heavy door by the
entrance was covered with them.
Colin Iliad had two swords slung across his back as he stood with two other
Elders of the six-member council. They were observing the passage that
diagonally led them deep underground.
Lovia with her silver, curly hair watched silently for a moment before
saying, “It should be possible already.”
Unlike how she usually switched randomly between two mental states, this
Shepherd Elder was now staid and calm. She didn’t show any signs of
abnormalities as her pale-gray eyes were deep and placid.
Colin gently nodded and took out a bottle of medicine from two different
compartments on his belt. Unscrewing the lids, he downed them.
His light-blue eyes rapidly brightened. His unwrinkled skin had blood
vessels protrude as they got tinted with silver.
Right on the heels of that, the Chief drew a sword and smeared a silver-gray
ointment across its surface.
As he took steps to prepare, another six-member council Elder, Waite
Chirmont, did something similar.
This bald man who had a tattooed symbol on his head stood nearly 2.5
meters tall. He didn’t look a day over 45. But in fact, he was nearly 80. He
was also a Sequence 4 Demon Hunter, a demigod that was one of the main
pillars of support for the City of Silver.
In the City of Silver, due to the lack of main ingredients, and with the
citizens being aware of the acting method and having sufficient combat
experience, they advanced from Low- to Mid-Sequences rather easily.
Sequence 6 Beyonders were the majority, but from Sequence 5 onwards,
due to the rituals required and other reasons, the number of Beyonders
drastically fell. At Sequence 4 where there was a qualitative change, an
entire generation might not even produce one.
Waite Chirmont didn’t dual wield like an orthodox Demon Hunter. This
allowed him to use different ointments to produce different effects so as to
handle more complicated situations. He wielded an iron-gray hammer, and
on his back was a huge bow that was equally as massive as his body. He
was like a miniaturized giant that walked out of an oil painting.
The bow was a mystical item, one that didn’t have overly severe side
effects. In the historical records of the City of Silver, it received its name
from killing a dragon at the demigod level. Its name was: “Dragon Slaying
Bow”!
After finishing their preparations, Waite slammed his hammer in front of
him loudly, drew his bow, and slowly pulled it back.
Sizzling bolts of lightning suddenly emerged as they condensed into one,
and as it grew longer from the pull, it formed a blinding and radiant arrow
between the bowstring and the back of the bow.
Just as Waite’s fingers released the bowstring, the lightning arrow shot
straight to the mausoleum’s door which was overrun with human hair-like
weeds.
Silently, the heavy door appeared to have long rotten. It exploded into
pieces along with the electric bolt’s explosion, revealing a deep
passageway.
This passageway shimmered with pale white lights. It extended far beyond
what one’s eyes could see, giving off a creepy and cold feeling.
Colin’s eyes suddenly flashed with two complex, dark green symbols, and
he reflected the mausoleum’s entrance in them.
A few seconds later, he held his sword diagonally and walked into the
mausoleum. Waite slung his Dragon Slaying Bow, picked up his hammer,
and followed closely behind.
The purple-robed Lovia’s expression remained the same as she followed
through the shattered door at a decent pace with her hands empty.
As they descended via sections of passageways and staircases, the three
members of the six-member council didn’t show any unrest or anxiety in
the completely silent environment. They allowed their footsteps to echo in
their surroundings.
After descending one level, they suddenly saw a river before them. It was
an illusory and jet-black river.
Under the river’s surface were blood-colored arms that had been skinned.
Green baby-faced veins and slippery tentacles with eyes were densely
entwined together. They kept flailing upwards in a bid to grab whatever
passed them.
The river was close to the side of the entrance. There were figures of
different heights wearing old clothes with their backs facing the three
Elders. They kept walking back and forth as though they were vexed over
the crossing of the river.
Suddenly, one of them sensed the trio approaching them. He slowly turned
his body to look at Colin, Waite, and Lovia.
It was an elder with his hair being completely white. His forehead and the
corners of his mouth were deeply wrinkled. His eyes were light blue and
hollow. His expression was numb and blank.
Colin Iliad’s pupils shrank, as he recognized the man.
It was his brother, the brother that had been possessed by Amon. He had
personally ended his life!
At this moment, the other figures turned around, revealing faces that Colin,
Waite, and Lovia found extremely familiar. But they were all abnormally
numbed faces.
Lovia’s expression remained unperturbed, but behind her, an illusory knight
more than five meters tall had appeared at some point in time.
This knight wore ancient silver full-body armor. Its eyes were red like blood
as they burned akin to flames.
…
After traversing the “safe sea route,” for about ten seconds, Klein arrived at
the Berserk Sea’s Poto Harbor. This place deviated from the main sea route
and didn’t belong to any country. It was a free city for pirates.
When his feet hit solid rock, he randomly produced a face, but he wasn’t in
a rush to enter the port city which had buildings randomly laid out. He
reached into his pocket and pulled out an iron cigar case.
While passing through the Berserk Sea’s spirit world, he had sensed Azik’s
copper whistle trembling slightly.
Removing the wall of spirituality, Klein opened the cigar case and took out
the ancient and exquisite copper whistle.
This copper whistle had lost its usual coldness and mildness, and it was
now burning hot. However, this anomaly was rapidly dissipating.