Chapter 947

: House Call
Backlund, East Borough, in a two-room apartment.
A few policemen in black-and-white checkered uniforms opened the door
and entered. All of them reached out to cover their mouths.
There was a strong stench of blood inside!
“Officer, I’ve no idea what happened. Other tenants said that it seems like
there’s plenty of blood here that they can even smell it from next door.” The
landlord with a silk top hat looked around in fear, unwilling to stay in the
room for another second.
A black-haired, blue-eyed police officer with an inspector epaulet waved his
hand and said, “Wait by the door. We still have questions for you.”
As he spoke, he wore his white gloves and cast his gaze towards the
wooden door of the bedroom.
However, he wasn’t in a rush to enter. He slowly surveyed the area and
visually took in the surroundings-a pile of coal, a cupboard with cutlery and
food, a small stove, a cleanly washed iron pot, a somewhat greasy table,
two collapsed circular stools, two slanted chairs, a few glass bottles with
unknown powders, and a stack of scattered tarot cards.
“A mysticism enthusiast with an ordinary financial situation?” The black-
haired, blue-eyed inspector nodded gently as he made a judgment. Then, he
signaled for a subordinate to open the bedroom door.
With a creak, a stronger smell of blood gushed out.
The constable who opened the door looked in and let out a short
exclamation as he repeatedly retreated.
The inspector frowned. He pressed the retreating constable’s shoulders,
circled around him, and approached the bedroom.
When he swept his gaze, his expression immediately changed.
In the bedroom, on a wooden bed, there was a man lying there. His hands
were tied to the bedpost.
He was naked with deep and shallow marks on his body. His blood had long
been drained, dyeing the bedsheet and blanket beside him dark red.
On a cursory glance, the deceased had apparently been bound by metal
wire, cutting into his skin and flesh, right into his bones.
This scene still affected the policemen who had seen many murder scenes.
Furthermore, it had a diabolical feeling like it was a ritual.
As the inspector was about to say something, two people rushed into the
room. One of them attempted to take photos while the other bombarded him
with questions.
“Another murder case?
“Hasn’t there been many murder cases in East Borough recently?
“Officer, do you think it’s a serial murder?”
The black-haired, blue-eyed inspector frowned and waved his hand.
“Do not interfere with the scene; otherwise, we will view you as the
criminal’s accomplice.”
He then said to the constable from before, “Khazix, please escort the two
reporters away. Tell them that if they have any questions, ask the news
department of Sivellaus Yard.”
After the reporters were escorted out of the crime scene, the inspector let
out a long sigh.
“I’m going on the newspapers again. Damn it!”
In Empress Borough, the opulent villa of Earl Hall.
“Another murder in East Borough. The victim is suspected to have been
abused before being killed…” Having had dinner, Audrey was in the
activity room casually reading the Backlund Evening News.
Upon hearing his daughter’s soft muttering, Earl Hall shook his head and
sighed.
“This isn’t new in East Borough. The statistics show that there are people
dying every day in there. It’s far from one person.”
Audrey didn’t pay too much attention to the matter. After a casual chat with
her parents and brother, she returned to her room with her golden retriever,
Susie.
The human and dog could read each other’s minds without any exchanging
of words. The latter stood by the door as a guard while Audrey locked the
door. She sat by her bed and chanted Mr. Fool’s honorific name.
After a few seconds, she saw a dark red beam of light surge and drown
everything.
Audrey arrived above the gray fog, coming inside the magnificent and
ancient palace.
She then saw a small room to the side. The mottled door was ajar.
It’s much better than the old confessional from before… However, this
doesn’t match Mr. World’s character. Did something happen to his state of
mind? In thought, Audrey entered the room and closed the mottled door.
She had previously had a follow-up appointment with The World Gehrman
Sparrow and concluded that he had fully recovered. To her surprise, she
received a request from him for another treatment.
This left her puzzled as she felt a little intrigued.
In the rather spacious dark room, Audrey leaned against the wall that
obviously had another person behind it. Her body slowly slid down as she
knelt down with her legs placed diagonally.
In the calm and serene atmosphere, she adjusted her state of mind and said
with a brisk tone, “Good evening, Mr. World~”
Just as she said that, Audrey’s spiritual intuition already knew the situation
with his Body of Heart and Mind, or in common parlance, his emotions or
mood.
Gloomy, disheartened, confused, depressed, and having no interest in
anything… Mr. World’s current problem is completely different from the
last one… What happened this time? Audrey gently bit her lip and calmly
made a judgment and used a timely Placate.
This was the most useful power of a Psychiatrist. In ancient times, it was
called Psychoanalysis.
The “dark clouds” behind the wall scattered significantly. Gehrman
Sparrow finally hoarsely said, “Good evening, Miss Justice.”
Leaning against the wall, Audrey thought and canceled her original plan.
She maintained her brisk tone and said, “I’m very curious about your recent
experiences. It seems you have had too, too many encounters.
“There’s no need to think about anything else. Let’s have a chat first, just
like we’re friends.
“If you’re interested in my life, I’m also willing to share with you some of
the interesting matters.”
On the opposite side of the wall, Gehrman Sparrow fell silent for a moment.
Without answering the question, he asked, “What hopes do you have for the
future?”
Audrey’s eyes darted slightly to the side as she replied seriously, “To
advance myself, to work hard to become a demigod so as to better protect
my father, mother, and brothers.
“Oh, I’ve recently visited the applicants to the bursary foundation with the
other staff of the foundation. Their living conditions are really worse than I
imagined. Although I’ve read some reports and was mentally prepared, I
still found it unsettling when I saw it with my own eyes. A girl who’s just a
few years younger than me was very short and skinny. She doesn’t fill her
stomach daily, and she only has two tattered dresses. When she said that she
wishes to study, her eyes were extremely pure and filled with an earnest
desire. I can’t forget it to this day…”
As she spoke, Audrey acutely sensed the change in Gehrman Sparrow’s
mental state. It was no longer a completely still lake, and it was now
rippling and undulating
After a short deliberation, this Psychiatrist continued as though she didn’t
seem to notice anything, “I once anticipated having a beautiful wedding,
wishing that my ‘prince’ will appear like those popular novels. However,
after becoming a Spectator, I realized that I might never be able to fulfill
this dream. I can often read the true thoughts of those men and see through
their lies. I’m able to confirm that many people aren’t as nice as I imagined,
and it has left me disappointed. Hmm, in a few more years, I might be able
to appreciate people for their flaws, but it’s really difficult to do so now…”
Noticing that Gehrman Sparrow, who had his back to her across the wall,
having the emotions of laughter, Audrey did a timely Placate on him. Then,
she heard him ask, “You once gathered information about dragons from The
Sun. You should have some understanding of the Dragon of Imagination.
“If I were to tell you that your father, mother, and brothers are imagined by
the Spectator pathway’s King of Angels and that they do not really exist,
what would be your reaction?”
I’ll definitely collapse on the spot and directly lose control… Mr. World has
a psychological problem because of his discovery that the thing that he has
been anticipating-his ultimate goal—will never be fulfilled? Audrey was
first alarmed by Gehrman Sparrow’s question before she realized the
essence of the question.
She didn’t reply as she asked in a guiding manner, “You seem to have
witnessed the destruction of hope.”
“Heh.” There was a self-deprecating scoff sounding from the wall behind
Audrey. “Indeed, I once thought that I had family. Later, I realized that it
was only an extravagant hope of mine.”
“Why do you say that?” Audrey asked like she was having a casual chat.
Gehrman Sparrow fell silent for a few seconds before saying, “Have you
heard of those fairy tales that Emperor Roselle used for bringing up
children?”
“Those are my childhood memories,” Audrey acknowledged.
At the same time, she discovered that Mr. World’s emotions were clearly
stirred on the other side of the wall. Repressed pain was surging out. This
time, Audrey didn’t use Placate. Her spiritual intuition and professional
knowledge told her that he needed to vent it out.
“Then you should know of Sleeping Beauty and her prince,” Gehrman
Sparrow said with a soft, hoarse voice. “There’s one such person who also
entered a deep sleep until he suddenly woke up one day… He believes that
his family is still around, and he works hard to improve himself, hoping that
he can one day find them. This becomes his main driving force in life.
Finally, he realized that he has slept for at least three hundred years, or even
more than a thousand years, perhaps even longer. He can never find
anything that he once had any more…”
The intense pain and sense of loss was extremely clear to Audrey. She came
to a realization.
The gloomy, restrained, experienced, and ruthless Mr. World also has his
own goals and reason for existing!
This is in line with his gentle heart… How pitiful… Although he was giving
an example using a fairy tale, some of the emotions he felt when saying
certain words reflect reality… When he mentioned “deep sleep,” “family,”
“three hundred years,” “more than a thousand years,” “even longer,” “never
find,” his pain clearly increased… This means that he’s from an ancient
time and has lived to this day due to certain encounters? This matches the
situation of Mr. Fool being an awakening ancient god. It’s no wonder he
became his Blessed… Audrey quickly grasped the key to the matter.
She pursed her lips and pondered for a moment.
“Did his family say anything? Did they say what they wanted him to do
when he wakes up?”