Chapter 738

: Life of a Tycoon
“Please wait a moment. Would you like coffee or tea?” Baylin asked
warmly.
Klein laughed and replied, “I enjoyed coffee when I was younger, the rich
and fragrant kind, but now, I prefer black tea.”
“I prefer black tea as well. Then… a cup of marquis black tea?” Baylin
suggested with a smile.
The coffee and tea provided to guests at the City Family Servant Assistance
Association were ordinary in quality, ranging from low- to medium-quality.
Marquis black tea was tea that Baylin had brought from home for her own
enjoyment.
Klein wasn’t a simpleton, and he was great at observing. Just as he walked
into the door, he would take in everything about his surroundings without
anyone noticing. He discovered that the coffee and tea container placed in
the display case were very ordinary, and he believed that the quality was
definitely lacking. Therefore, he believed that marquis black tea was likely
reserved by the association for VIPs, or it belonged to the lady before him.
Regardless, it expressed how sincere she was.
He didn’t expose her as he smiled.
“Thank you, you leave me unable to reject your suggestion.
“How may I address you, ma’am?”
“Baylin, just call me Baylin,” Baylin said with a smile which resembled a
blooming flower.
She immediately briskly walked inside, and she selected suitable candidates
from her colleague. Then, she returned to the reception counter, picked up a
tin container, and skillfully brewed a cup of black tea.
Sigh, with a good-looking face and a good disposition while being dressed
in a way that speaks volumes of my status, I can still sense the friendliness
from a beautiful girl even though I’m middle-aged… Klein was having such
an experience for the first time as he couldn’t help but sigh.
This made him further understand the importance of the Faceless principle
of ultimately “being yourself.”
If he didn’t keep this in mind and lost himself to the benefits brought about
by his appearance, he would keep maintaining the corresponding
appearance, resulting in him forgetting or even rejecting his former self, and
he would gradually lose his identity!
Soon, Baylin carried a white gold-rimmed porcelain teacup and placed it in
front of Dwayne Dantès. She said with a smile, “It still needs some time to
cool down.”
Klein looked down at the cup, and he said half-jokingly, “Perfect, this gives
me the time to adjust my mood to more formally face this cup of black tea.”
His compliments and gratitude made Baylin feel even better. She found him
a true gentleman, one who knew his way with words.
He’s definitely not a believer of the Lord of Storms… Baylin combed her
slightly curly brown hair, and she returned to the room to hurry her
colleague.
Before long, she came over with a stack of documents and sat on the single-
seater beside him.
“After the screening, we have three suitable butlers. I’ll briefly introduce
them to you.
“The first person is Mr. Asnia, age 55. He once served Viscount Yorkville,
but after this viscount had a failed mining prospect investment, his family
fell into a particular financial situation, and he had to sell its land and
manors while terminating many of its servants. In the past decade, he was
hired by two tycoons, and he has contributed significantly to the
management of their households.”
As she spoke, Baylin’s brown eyes sparkled like two stars hid in them. She
exuded the unique vibes of a teenage girl.
Klein nodded slightly and said, “Then why did he leave the two tycoons?”
Baylin replied with a smile, “The first tycoon invested greatly in East
Balam, and his whole family had moved there. Mr. Asnia wasn’t willing to
leave Backlund, so he offered to resign. The second tycoon’s health isn’t
too good, and he had handed the family business to his son who has a butler
he trusts more.
“Mr. Asnia is a believer of the Evernight Goddess, and his political
inclinations is with the Conservative Party. He expects an annual salary of
130 pounds.”
“May Goddess bless him.” Klein tapped four spots in a clockwise manner
on his chest, forming the sign of the crimson moon.
Baylin’s eyes lit up as she asked, “Mr. Dantès, are you a believer of the
Goddess?”
“Of course.” Klein nodded with a smile without explaining further.
It’s no wonder he’s so gentle! Baylin praised inwardly as she continued
introducing, “Mr. Rebach, age 48. He once served the Negan family, and he
was the deputy butler for a long period of time, as well as an assistant to the
butler. Later, after a transaction, he became Baron Syndras’s butler.
“Shortly after Duke Negan was assassinated, Mr. Rebach, whose contract
came to an end, didn’t receive a new contract from the baron, so he had no
choice but to seek our help.
“He’s not a staunch believer of the Lord of Storms, and his personality is
without problems. His political inclination is with the Conservative Party.
He expects an annual salary of 120 pounds.”
Klein listened silently, nodding from time to time as a response, but he
didn’t cut off Baylin’s description.
Baylin flipped through the documents and took a few glances and spoke
again.
“The third person is Mr. Walter, age 42. He had been the land steward and
assistant butler at Viscount Conrad’s household. Due to certain matters, he
had a conflict with the butler, and he chose to leave. He expects an annual
salary of 115 pounds.
“He’s a believer of the Evernight Goddess, and his political inclination is
with the New Party.”
Oravi Island’s new governor-general is a member of Viscount Conrad’s
family. This family pledges loyalty to the royal family… The relevant
information quickly flashed through Klein’s mind.
After the introduction, Baylin handed over the stack of documents.
“Mr. Dantès, who do you wish to choose?”
Klein fell silent for a few seconds before saying with a smile, “Let’s do this.
Let the three of them come to where I live tomorrow at 9 a.m. I’ll meet
them and have a chat with them to make the final decision.”
He knew that such associations didn’t provide lodging, and it was purely an
agency. Even if he made the selection right there and then, he still had to
wait until the afternoon or tomorrow to see his butler. Therefore, he decided
to have a small interview to select the person that matched his intentions the
best.
“No problem,” Baylin said with a smile. “May I know your address?”
Klein sipped the black tea, picked up a pen and paper from the table, and
wrote down the location and name of the hotel he was staying in.
“You just came to Backlund?” Baylin blurted out a question when she saw
it.
Only then did she realize that Mr. Dwayne Dantès’s skin was slightly darker
than normal. It was slightly bronze-colored, seemingly a result of tanning. It
gave him quite a rugged flavor.
Yes, he doesn’t have a Backlund accent… Baylin slowly recalled more
details.
Klein smiled.
“I came from Desi Bay. I’m waiting for an excellent butler to help me seek
out a suitable house and servants.”
After handing over a 3-pound deposit, he politely drank another sip of black
tea and got up to bid farewell.
Baylin sent him all the way out of the door and watched him board the
carriage.
Mr. Dantès also seems to be a tycoon… Compared to that, his bearing and
gentlemanliness are even more charming… Baylin stood in her spot as she
casually thought.
On the carriage, Klein half-closed his eyes as he leaned against the wall,
and he couldn’t help but calculate the subsequent expenditures awaiting
him.
The butler will cost around 120 pounds. Taking into account the average
cost, a valet will cost 35 pounds, a chef 30 pounds, a gardener 25 pounds, a
carriage driver 25 pounds, a nursery governess 20 pounds, three ordinary
lady’s maid 15 pounds, and three maidservants 10 pounds. This way, just
the servants alone would cost 330 pounds a year. It’s equivalent to 6 pounds
7 soli a week. This already exceeds my salary back in Tingen.
Furthermore, I’ll need to have a carriage which costs about 100 pounds. I
need a garden and house, and the weekly rental fee is about 2 pounds. With
all the food, clothes, and charcoal expenditure for all these people, the
overall cost is ridiculous.
Is this the life of a tycoon…
Klein suddenly felt a little regret over choosing such a persona.
He exhaled as he tried hard to ignore the matter. He took a carriage to
Phelps Street in North Borough.
There was a pure-black cathedral here, with a clock tower on each side,
producing a symmetrical beauty. This was none other than the headquarters
of the Backlund diocese of the Church of the Evernight Goddess, Saint
Samuel Cathedral.
Klein adjusted the handkerchief on his left pocket, held a gold-inlaid cane,
and strode into the cathedral and walked down the quiet aisle. Under the
sunlight which penetrated the colored glass panes, he came to the main
prayer hall.
It was very dark, making one’s mood automatically turn peaceful. Klein
casually found a spot, leaned his cane, and took off his hat. He then closed
his eyes and prayed.
Time passed, and after listening to the preaching, he slowly got up, walked
to the altar, and bowed at the bishop with short, black hair. Then, he walked
to the donation box by the side.
Exhaling silently, Klein took out two 10-pound notes, six 5-pound notes and
stuffed it inside.
The bishop caught this sight through the corner of his eye as his expression
couldn’t help but turn soft.
Typically, unless they specially solicited for donations or received donations
from a deceased’s will, the cathedral’s donation box received tens of pounds
at most.
This meant that the person was a tycoon, a rich person!