Chapter 1198

Frenzy
The Saint of Secrets, Botis, began to traverse the spirit world the moment
he entered, heading straight for the easternmost front of the Sonia Sea—the
ruins of the battle of the gods.
At this moment, his thoughts blurred. His body turned and left the spirit
world through another place.
By the time Botis received a warning from his spirituality and had regained
control of his own thoughts while feeling tense, what he saw was a bare
forest with nearly all its leaves scattered. There was no one around, and the
crimson moon hung high in the sky.
As a former Traveler and Astrologer, he immediately identified his location
and found that he was still in Backlund. However, he had moved from the
city to a remote area in the suburbs.
At the same time, he also understood what had happened.
It was unknown when his mind world had been infiltrated with someone
else’s consciousness. At the critical moment, it affected his thoughts and
changed his destination!
That Spectator pathway’s demigod! I didn’t realize it! Botis’s pupils dilated
as a silvery-white illusory book appeared.
The book flipped to one of the pages.
Botis immediately raised his hand to grab at his glabella. He grabbed a ball
of darkness from the island of consciousness and threw it into his shadow.
His shadow was separated from him as it twisted to a stand, revealing a
female silhouette.
Black Knight, Shadow of Depravation!
This was an ability that Botis had “Recorded” from Saint Tenebrous Kisma.
It could separate one’s depraved thoughts into a shadow and form an
uncontrollable independent creature.
Botis used it to erase the consciousness that didn’t belong to him, and
escape the influence of the Manipulator!
At the same time, this was also Botis’s counterattack. As long as the hidden
Spectator pathway demigod couldn’t quickly resolve this “shadow,” the
thoughts she had fractured would gradually become independent, turning
her half-mad and even causing her to lose control.
Once he was done with the latent mental problems, Botis didn’t hesitate to
escape the enemy’s predetermined battlefield and “Teleport” elsewhere.
However, at this moment, his mind suddenly turned frantic. He felt that the
entire environment was making things difficult for him, and his anger could
no longer be contained.
As the silver book flipped in front of his eyes, the entire forest collapsed
with a loud bang. The black “shadow” almost collapsed into a ball.
After his bout of mania, Botis’s mood dropped to a nadir. He couldn’t lift
his spirits with regards to anything. He felt that he was useless, a burden to
others and even the world.
Mental Plague! In the previous battle, Botis had already been infected by
“Mental Plague,” and it had finally acted up!
The reason why Cattleya first used “The Little Match Girl” magic wasn’t
only because she wanted to interfere with Botis’s “Teleportation,” but also
because she was helping Miss Justice conceal any traces, allowing her
Virtual Persona to infiltrate Botis’s mind world without triggering his
spiritual intuition. A seed of “Mental Plague” was planted secretly without
triggering it.
It was precisely because of this that when the sneak attack failed, Cattleya
and Audrey dared to initiate the contingency plan. They retreated on their
own accord, allowing Saint of Secrets Botis and Saint Tenebrous Kisma to
separate from each other after they were out of danger.
Cattleya’s final igniting of the final green vine appeared to create a huge
commotion to attract the attention of the official Beyonders, making the
enemy abandon their pursuit, but in fact, it was to force the Saint of Secrets
to leave as quickly as possible. This way, he didn’t have the time to
carefully examine and check his condition at a deeper level.
Hence, at the critical moment of his “Teleportation,” he had his thoughts
changed by Audrey’s Virtual Persona. He came directly to the outskirts of
Backlund, an uninhabited kill box which the Tarot Club had chosen.
And once he finished off the Manipulator’s Virtual Persona, the eruption of
“Mental Plague” came right on the heels of that.
In fact, if he had used “Reboot of Fate” earlier, he definitely would’ve been
able to return to a state where there were no latent problems. However, he
only decided to use this trump card when he was nearly killed by the Spear
of Longinus. And by that time, his mind world had already been infiltrated
for far more than three seconds!
He was dispirited and depressed, trying his best to resist his mental illness.
It was at this moment that he saw a bunch of surreal yarn balls appear out of
the void in front of him.
At the back of the yarn ball, the bright-colored yarn extended into an
infinite distance.
Following this line, Cattleya, who was wearing a purple-patterned black
robe and a dark-colored hood, walked over from the spirit world and
appeared in front of the Saint of Secrets, Botis.
She was unable to track down enemies that had done some level of
interference, but she could establish a connection with the predetermined
battlefield. She could trace Justice Audrey’s Virtual Persona!
The moment she arrived, Cattleya closed her eyes and formed a phantom
image that fell towards an invisible coffin.
The already depressed Botis instantly felt extremely exhausted. He couldn’t
help but close his eyes, wanting to collapse.
Sleeping Beauty!
On the other side, Audrey’s “Virtual Persona” which hadn’t fully turned
independent was like a dark shadow, bringing with it a sense of depravity.
She raised her hand and pinched her forehead.
Her pupils silently turned vertical; they were pale gold and cold.
Botis’s mind instantly exploded as bubbles of light appeared on the surface
of his body. Within the bubbles, rays of starlight condensed into insects
with their heads and tails fused into the void.
Psychiatrist, Frenzy!
This could completely trigger the target’s emotions and even cause him to
lose control.
Botis had already been infected with “Mental Plague” and was in an
extremely abnormal state. Following that, he was affected by “Sleeping
Beauty” magic and was in an extremely dispirited mood. “Frenzy” now
triggered everything, immediately making it difficult for him to control
himself as he showed signs of losing control.
Seizing this opportunity, Cattleya opened her eyes, raised her right hand,
and rapidly formed a handful of spinning star sand in her palm.
The forest beneath the night became even darker. The crimson moon
disappeared from the sky as stars appeared one after another. They were
densely packed and dazzling.
The stars scattered their rays of light, forming a magnificent pillar of light
that enveloped the area around Saint of Secrets Botis and his surroundings.
In the midst of the shock, Botis became a little more awake. His figure
rapidly turned into a blur as he kept “Blinking,” creating more than ten
afterimages in the forest.
However, he could not escape the starlight’s envelopment, nor could he
“Teleport” away.
One by one, the starlight melted and dissipated the different Botis. Finally,
there was only one person left genuflecting, propping up his body with one
palm as he struggled.
Botis’s body was in shambles. His eyes were already dark red, and he
appeared to be on the brink of insanity.
When the starlight was in its final moments, he “Blinked” and dodged the
follow-up attack of Audrey’s Virtual Persona.
Then, he kept “Blinking” and created “doppelgangers” beside Cattleya and
Audrey’s Virtual Persona.
One of his “doppelgangers” grabbed with his left hand, distorting the area
where Audrey’s Virtual Persona was located. He concealed it in a bid to
restrain the enemy.
As for his other “doppelganger,” he spread open his arms and summoned a
thick pillar of light surrounded by holy flames, letting it blast down into the
concealed space.
During this process, Botis’s other “doppelganger” had secretly removed the
concealment of space.
Hence, as soon as the shadow corresponding to Audrey’s Virtual Persona
was freed from the restriction, it was enveloped by a holy pillar of light,
quickly melting away.
In his “Blinking” state, Botis could use Beyonder powers at a speed faster
than normal, but he couldn’t sustain it for long. This was something that
was achieved via using his numerous Worms of Star.
Elsewhere, the Saint of Secrets, Botis, was also attacking Cattleya. He had
used various powers, and in the short span of a second or two, he had
inundated his target with a barrage of attacks.
This forced Cattleya to constantly use “The Emperor’s New Clothes” magic
to avoid it. She was momentarily unable to counter-attack and was in grave
danger.
A few seconds later, Botis’s “Blinking” finally slowed down. The mania in
his heart also eased.
At this moment, grayish-white and heavy scales suddenly appeared outside
the forest. They were faintly discernible, as if they were forming an
extremely oppressive behemoth.
In the dark night where the crimson moon was obscured, a nearly invisible
stream of breath swept down from top to bottom, enveloping Botis and
Cattleya.
The two demigods felt as though they were struck by lightning as their
psyche was torn apart. Their Spirit Bodies seemed to be penetrated.
The breath of a mind dragon!
With his mental state already in a terrible state and having used a couple of
his trump cards, Botis’s mind went blank. As the flashes flashed before his
eyes, his body couldn’t help but tremble.
As for Cattleya, she was carrying the Moon Paper Figurine that she had
obtained from Fors. This helped her bear the burden of “Psychic Piercing”
once!
Although it was unable to completely eliminate the effects of “Mind
Dragon Breath,” it could help Cattleya recover faster.
This meant an opportunity in a battle at the demigod level!
In just a second or two, Cattleya’s eyes returned to normal. As for Audrey
who was in her dragon form and hiding in the darkness outside the forest,
she cast another “Mind Deprivation” on Botis.
Without any hesitation, Cattleya raised her right hand and condensed the
terrifying spear that was stained with fresh blood. She threw it at the Saint
of Secrets, Botis.
This time, Botis could no longer dodge or resolve the situation. His chest
was pierced through by the Spear of Longinus.
His body stiffened for a moment before it rapidly collapsed, turning into
countless dazzling Worms of Star.
Some of these Worms of Star vanished directly, while others devoured each
other. Some of them fused into a distant spot, forming a new Botis.
There was no longer any rationality left in his eyes. His body was
continuously collapsing, revealing an incomplete and extremely weak
Mythical Creature form.
At this moment, an illusory door appeared beside him. It was grayish-blue
that had seven brass locks.
The illusory door quickly opened as it spat out a three-layered “jewelry
box” embedded with various gems.
The Box of the Great Old Ones which had been exiled had returned.
With a crazed look in his eyes, Botis caught the box, revealing a cruel and
bloodthirsty smile as he tried to open it.
The third level!