Chapter 1273

The Poor Arrodes
Klein didn’t visit Benson and Melissa, because the matters he was involved
in were at too high a level. Approaching his siblings would only bring them
disaster. For existences who didn’t know Klein’s original identity, such acts
would help them understand the relationship between Benson, Melissa, and
Klein. To know of Klein’s past experiences, this would make “Them”
confirm one thing—Klein still maintained his humanity and was still very
concerned about his family.
Therefore, staying away from Benson and Melissa was the best form of
protection he could give them.
Of course, Klein had already grasped the situation of his siblings through
Miss Justice.
During the war, Benson had displayed his experience and ability at the
Ministry of Finance. He received many promotions and had become the
deputy director of the Fifth Department, and his annual salary reached 300
pounds.
Melissa won the favor of her mentor, Portland Moment, and was given a
chance to become a Beyonder. The chancellor of the Backlund University
of Technology was a believer of the God of Steam and Machinery, so he
had long become a Beyonder. He was currently a Sequence 7 Appraiser. He
wished for Melissa to become a Sequence 9 Savant so that she could better
absorb the knowledge and improve her memory. This established a good
foundation for her in her subsequent development in the mechanical
domain.
This was Melissa’s secret, but she wasn’t able to hide from a Spectator at
the demigod level. Besides, Audrey definitely informed Klein that Melissa
was more inclined to agree, and would be making a decision in the next few
days.
Klein’s attitude towards this matter was a tacit acquiesce. On the one hand,
the spiritual perception enhancement one gained from the Savant pathway’s
advancement was rather limited. Melissa wouldn’t really hear or see what
she shouldn’t. On the other hand, with the impending apocalypse, the
madness caused by the Low-Sequence potions would further decrease.
Furthermore, there was also him, a Miracle Invoker, to help lower the risk
of her losing control.
For an avid fan of machinery, a Sequence 9 Savant is enough… Moment
shares the same attitude. He doesn’t wish for a believer of the Evernight to
obtain too many potions from the Church of Steam…
Yes, the apocalypse is approaching, and the invisible barrier is weakening.
The intrusion of this world by the Outer Deities will become more and more
obvious. The chances of ordinary people encountering Beyonder incidents
will definitely gradually increase. From this point of view, it’s also a good
thing for Melissa to become a Beyonder. If she can successfully advance to
Sequence 6 Artisan, or a Machinery Specialist, then she can fulfill her
dreams and protect herself and Benson…
I’ll get Miss Justice to find an opportunity to disclose the “acting method”
to Melissa in a discreet manner. The extent of her future growth will depend
on her. At most, I can give her some good luck—uh, formulas and
ingredients… I’m really like an older brother who can’t rest easily. Heh,
I’ve been like this since the beginning. Does this count as granting a “wish”
in a certain sense?
Wait, Melissa definitely wishes for Klein to come back to life. If I were to
walk right in front of her, would I receive enough feedback?
…Forget it. This will bring her and Benson a devastating disaster… Klein
shook his head and stopped himself from making excuses.
He then pressed down on his top hat and turned towards a hotel by the
streets. He took out a gold pound and got a room.
The gold pound was real. It was an item that Klein had brought back to the
real world some time ago.
In the previous war, Klein had donated 14,800 pounds in cash, 14,200
pounds worth of gold bars, and nearly 20 high-quality gems through Miss
Justice. Apart from all the strange items left on the junk pile, he only had 39
Loen gold coins and ten high-quality gems left.
Glancing at the hotel owner’s returning change in soli and pennies, Klein
put them away and entered the room before walking to the full-length
mirror.
Right on the heels of that, he took out a pen and paper and drew the
incantation that summoned Arrodes.
Seconds and minutes passed, but nothing abnormal happened.
The full-body mirror remained silent.
A few seconds later, Klein chuckled and raised his eyebrows. He took out a
gold coin from his pocket.
…
Chug! Chug! Chug!
A steam locomotive that was spewing thick smoke tore across the rail,
heading west of the continent.
The disheveled Ikanser and a Machinery Hivemind member stood in a
particular carriage as they focused on the metal cage in front of them.
The metal spikes above the cage extended outwards in all kinds of
menacing ways, coruscating with a dim light.
The Machinery Hivemind member, who had the looks of a typical Loenese
citizen, looked out the window at the plains rapidly sweeping past them. He
couldn’t help but ask, “Deacon, are you planning on returning to Loen after
reaching Intis?”
After the war ended, the Church of Steam, who had taken the wrong side,
had no choice but to bear the consequences of its actions. It had to transfer
all Beyonders above that of demigods, and Sealed Artifacts above Grade 2
out of Loen within a time period set by the two Churches of Evernight and
Storm.
In other words, they had lost their original status. In the future, they could
only maintain a small number of cathedrals, just like the Church of Earth
Mother in Loen.
If it weren’t for the fact that there were too many people who believed in
the God of Steam and Machinery, and some of them being key figures in
the reconstruction efforts after the war, the Church of Steam might not have
been able to retain such treatment.
Similarly, a smaller number of cathedrals only required a small number of
Machinery Hivemind members. Most of the Beyonders in Loen had to
migrate to Intis.
Ikanser fell silent for a few seconds before smiling bitterly.
“I have to heed the archbishops’ arrangements, but I will take the initiative
to request a return to Loen. That’s where my childhood, teenage, and young
adult life was. There are too many memories that I can’t forget…”
As he spoke, his gaze grew distant, and he seemed to see the Capital of
Capitals.
At this moment, the metal cage that was overgrown with spikes suddenly
trembled.
Silver bolts of lightning appeared out of nowhere and landed one after
another. They were all absorbed by the metal cage, and through a few wires
wrapped in rubber, the current flowed to the ground outside the steam
locomotive, dragging out a line of sparks.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
The metal cage seemed to be hit by an invisible hand, but it was unable to
break the barrier.
“The Magic Mirror’s reaction is very intense… It’s always been very quiet
in the past,” the Machinery Hivemind member who had been asking was
rather puzzled.
Amidst the banging, Ikanser subconsciously touched his hair.
“That’s not the case. It will sometimes show its crazy side. If it wasn’t for
what had happened, we would’ve still treated it as a Grade 2 Sealed
Artifact.”
“Is that so? Heh heh, I haven’t come into contact with it before, so it might
just be me, but it feels to me that the Magic Mirror doesn’t want to leave
Backlund,” the Machinery Hivemind member teased with a smile.
Pa!
Lightning struck and was absorbed by the metal cage.
Bang! Bang! Bang! The slamming sounds dragged on slowly, as though it
was making its last, helpless cry.
Ikanser took out an old and exquisite pocket watch and opened it.
“It only lasted two minutes. It’s much better than in the morning.”
Just as the member of the Machinery Hivemind, who had just been
transferred over, was about to ask, he suddenly heard the slamming sounds
stop abruptly. It was as though it had been affected by some factor that it
couldn’t put up resistance to.
“This is the style of the Magic Mirror?” he asked.
Ikanser frowned slightly and said, “No.
“Normally speaking, it wouldn’t have the strength to last twenty to thirty
seconds.
“Something’s wrong…”
“Deacon, don’t worry. There is a powerful figure on board the train, one
who outranks the archbishops.” The Machinery Hivemind member beside
him consoled him indifferently.
There were too many dangerous Sealed Artifacts on the steam locomotive.
Without a powerful figure watching them, there would definitely be
problems.
Ikanser nodded, indicating that he wasn’t worried.
Klein was sitting in a conjured carriage in a hamlet’s path more than ten
kilometers away from the steam locomotive. In front of him was a mirror.
Just as he finished outlining the symbol that was a mixture of concealment
and mystery prying, a wave of light suffused the mirror as golden Loenese
text appeared:
“Exalted Great Master, you’re finally here! Your puny, loyal, and poor
servant, Arrodes, misses you!”
Eh… Klein couldn’t accept the enthusiasm behind this line as he shrank
back indiscernibly.
If Arrodes’s previous attempts to curry favor still maintained a hint of
dignity, it was now complete fawning over him. Klein could even detect a
hint of crying.
“The frequency of Amorous news popping up in Trier is far higher than in
Backlund. It should be a place that you’re fond of,” Klein teased Arrodes
with a smile.
“That’s because you don’t wish to go to Trier.” The golden words on the
surface of the mirror faded their colors, turning a faint silver.
Klein secretly clicked his tongue.
“I have something to ask you.”
“Please ask,” Arrodes replied humbly.
“Do you know who Earth Mother is?” Klein went straight to the point.
The mirror instantly turned dark as the faint silver words turned palish
white:
“I don’t know… But during the war of gods, I heard a voice coming from
deep within Tenebrous Heaven. ‘He’ shouted a name… That’s the true name
of the Sanguine Ancestor.”
This magic mirror didn’t dare to directly present Lilith’s name.
Lilith? It’s actually Lilith… Klein was surprised, but he also felt that this
answered many of his questions.
Then, he thought of The Moon Emlyn.
This vampire kept going in circles, imagining all kinds of developments,
only to have never changed his faith.
If Emlyn had Anderson’s personality, he would definitely say to the
Sanguine’s Grand Duke and Marquises, “Hey, are you also coming to
believe in the Mother Goddess…” As Klein imagined the funny scene, he
said to Arrodes, “It’s your turn to ask.”
“Supreme Master, please continue asking. I’ll ask it all at once towards the
end.” The palish-white words regained their faint-silver luster.
Klein thought for a moment before saying, “How’s the situation like now?
For example, the situation in Feysac.”