Chapter 1215

Not Time Yet
“The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.”
When he heard the voices deep in the grayish-white mist, Klein trembled
slightly as the back of his head turned numb.
This feeling quickly spread to every part of his body, causing tiny
goosebumps to protrude on his skin.
This was the second time he had heard the name “The Celestial Worthy of
Heaven and Earth for Blessings” in the real world. And the first time, it was
said by Amon after “He” stole his thoughts. In fact, Amon didn’t know the
exact meaning behind it, nor did “He” truly grasp the incantation.
Therefore, in essence, this was the first time.
At the borders of the legendary Western Continent, outside his hometown
that had vanished, this was the first time that he heard the incantation that
caused him to transmigrate into the real world. He heard one of the most
important secrets hidden at the bottom of his heart and heard the oriental
honorific name that was pointed at an unknown existence.
He stood there, his mind almost blank. His ears echoed with occasional
sounds of chanting and shouting.
“The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings…
“The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings…
“The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings…”
When the voices became softer and softer until they almost disappeared,
Klein finally recovered his train of thought.
As a fake god that had done a lot of “guilty matters,” his first reaction was:
By changing ‘The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings’ to
the ‘King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck,’ will I suffer divine
punishment?
Back when he had set up the three-stanza honorific name of The Fool, the
first stanza described his experience and state. Back then, he had thought
that it was a transmigration, and he was afraid of exposing the problem. He
had changed “The Fool from an alternate world” to “The Fool that doesn’t
belong to this era”, but in the end, it pointed to his true nature. The second
stanza was to bind the gray fog to him, making the direction clearer.
And in order to completely limit and not cause any ambiguity, Klein
directly translated the last line of the incantation which was, “The Celestial
Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.”
He originally thought that it was nothing, but later on, he suspected that his
“transmigration” was a result of the former owner of the strange door of
light in Sefirah Castle—The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings. Or rather, it was a certain existence hiding “Their” true identity.
Of course, it was also possible that the “The Celestial Worthy of Heaven
and Earth for Blessings” was the actual incarnation before creating another
identity that suited the present world. As for what the identity was, Klein
wasn’t sure.
This was because he had never heard the honorific name of The Celestial
Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings elsewhere in the real world.
Therefore, although there was suspicion and fear present, he didn’t actually
pay too much attention to it. It seemed like he was already used to it.
However, at that moment, the words “The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and
Earth for Blessings” were like salvos that kept blasting at his heart,
bombarding his mind, causing all the concerns and fear that he had
accumulated in his subconscious to surge out.
After regaining his composure, he began to force himself to use his
rationality to think about his current situation:
Is this chanting hidden in the grayish-white fog, or is it from the vanished
Western Continent?
I already thought that this fog’s color and state is very close to the one
below Sefirah Castle… Its power comes from “history”? One has to have
the correct powers over “time” to open it?
Queen of Calamity Cohinem once said that the Western Continent would
definitely reappear at the dawn of the apocalypse… In other words, only by
pushing “time” towards that temporal node would the grayish-white fog
come alive. Only then would it be possible to use the corresponding
incantation to open it?
The person who made the Western Continent vanish, seal it, or create a
protective quarantine… is The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings, the existence suspected to be the previous owner of Sefirah
Castle?
According to all the clues, Sefirah Castle and the rest were left behind by
the original Creator. They were created by the various parts of “His” body,
or something that “He” personally created… The Celestial Worthy of
Heaven and Earth for Blessings is equivalent to the former owner of Sefirah
Castle, and also equivalent to the original Creator? However, Sefirah Castle
existed only after the original Creator split. Furthermore, the chants of The
Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings only point to Sefirah
Castle and don’t affect places like the Chaos Sea…
Also, the disappearance of the Western Continent is definitely something
from before the Second Epoch. As an ancient god, even Elf King
Soniathrym was unable to return to “His” hometown…
In other words, in the chaotic and crazy First Epoch or even before then, the
original Creator—the Oldest One—had split into objects like Chaos Sea
and Sefirah Castle. More things happened before the ancient gods were
born? These matters caused the Western Continent to vanish, and the former
owner of Sefirah Castle to disappear?
The prophecy of the ancient sun god—the City of Silver’s Creator—is also
very interesting. It says that someone will walk out of this grayish-white
fog, so “He” sent people to stay in Moon City and guard this place. Strictly
speaking, I actually come from the Western continent or this grayish-white
fog. However, I left the Western Continent to enter Sefirah Castle in a time
long before the ancient sun god’s prediction. The year I left the grayish-
white fog was 1349 and found myself in Loen…
Yes, after going around in circles, I came here again and met with the
people from Moon City… The ancient sun god’s prophecy really has come
true. It’s just that the process is a little twisted and complicated, but the way
it was achieved is rather unexpected…
As he pondered, his mood gradually improved. This was because the
situation at the scene and his spiritual intuition had told him that there were
still civilizations in the Western Continent that were isolated by the grayish-
white fog. Many people were still alive.
This method of making the Western Continent vanish reminds me of the
ritual for Miracle Invoker, as well as using the power of space-time. They
are mainly from the Apprentice and Marauder pathways… So, the previous
owner of Sefirah Castle, The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings, corresponds to these three neighboring pathways? Klein reined
in his thoughts as he took two steps forward.
He then turned around and said to Nim and the rest, “I heard the voice
clearly.”
“…What are they saying?” Nim’s grayish-white eyes suddenly widened, his
deeply pockmarked face filled with excitement.
A’dal, Xin, Rus, and company had similar reactions, ones that were even
more intense.
Even their bodies began to tremble.
This was a problem that had troubled the residents of Moon City for more
than a thousand years. Resolving this problem was a symbol of escaping
their current predicament!
Klein took a deep breath and said in the tone of a charlatan, “They are
praying to my Lord.”
This was definitely not a lie. After all, as The Fool, he had already gained
initial mastery of Sefirah Castle. The last sentence of his honorific name
was the “King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck,” which was
equivalent to “The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.”
Nim and company fell silent. When they looked back at Klein, their eyes
were filled with obvious respect and fear.
Together with the “miracles” Klein had displayed, they gradually viewed
Mr. Fool as their savior.
Klein surveyed the area and said, “Retreat at least a hundred meters.”
“Alright, Your Excellency.” The High Priest, Nim, agreed without
hesitation.
After the Moon City’s Beyonders had retreated to a sufficient distance,
Klein reached into the void with his right hand and quickly dragged out
another projection of himself as his actual body disappeared.
Right on the heels of that, the Historical Void projection of Klein walked to
the front of the solidified grayish-white fog. He extended his right hand and
pressed it down.
It was as if there was an invisible barrier that was slightly cold, blocking
everything.
After staring at it for two seconds, Klein opened his mouth, suppressed his
voice, and recited in Chinese, “The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth
for Blessings.”
As his voice echoed out, the grayish-white fog in front of him didn’t react at
all. It remained still and frozen.
He waited for nearly a minute. After some thought, he took a deep breath
and muttered again:
“The Immortal Lord of Heaven and Earth for Blessings;
“The Sky Lord of Heaven and Earth for Blessings;
“The Exalted Thearch of Heaven and Earth for Blessings;
“The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.”
This was the complete incantation of the luck enhancement ritual.
As the last word was said, Klein’s right hand that was pressing on the
invisible barrier suddenly felt an obvious tremble.
The gray fog began to shake as though a boulder had been thrown into a
lake.
The ripples quickly spread, overlapping each other as they formed a “door”
in front of him.
A bolt of lightning streaked across the sky, illuminating the scene. Not far
away, the pupils of the Moon City Beyonders widened as they were unable
to shift their eyes away.
Amongst them, the ones who arrived later felt their hearts waver after
witnessing such a scene. They found it impossible to contain themselves.
To them, this was undoubtedly a miracle!
Klein held his breath as he waited for the door to take shape. However, the
ripples finally calmed down. They were only a step away from success.
“…” After a moment of silence, Klein repeated the incantations again.
However, even if the ripples in the grayish-white fog didn’t disappear, they
were unable to truly outline the door.
For a moment, he wanted to attempt with the complete ritual procedure. In
other words, he would place four portions of food and recite the
incantations while taking four steps counterclockwise. But very quickly, he
was amused by his idea.
Because by doing this, he would enter Sefirah Castle without opening the
invisible barrier here.
After exhaling, Klein took out a gold coin from the void and used
divination to confirm that the effects of the complete ritual would be as he
imagined.
It really isn’t time yet because the apocalypse hasn’t dawned on us? Klein
looked at the grayish-white fog in front of him for a few minutes without
any movement.
When a bolt of lightning tore through the sky and illuminated his face, he
turned around and walked in front of the Moon City High Priest, Nim, with
the lantern in hand. He said calmly, “It hasn’t reached the correct point in
time to open it, as spoken in the revelation. There’s more than a decade of
waiting left.”
Without waiting for any response from the likes of Nim, A’dal, and the rest,
Klein pointed to the nearby darkness with his empty right hand.
“I will be meditating here for some time. If you want to experience the
radiance of the Lord and listen to ‘His’ teachings, you can come here
anytime whenever the lightning frequency is high.
“I’ll do a single purification and treatment session every day, at a time when
the lightning is most frequent.”
He didn’t attempt to get the residents of Moon City to convert their faiths,
nor did he plan on heading directly to the city or ask about any specific
information. He wanted to give them some time to take things in.
Nim secretly heaved a sigh of relief and replied with increasingly great
respect, “I will pass on your words to everyone.”