Chapter 1223

That Level
Who am I? Just as Klein was about to remove the Historical Void
projection, he was taken aback by Amon’s question.
He controlled himself and didn’t frown. Instead of answering, he asked,
“You aren’t Amon’s true body?”
Standing at the edge of the cliff, Amon took a step forward and smiled.
“Of course not.
“You seem to know my true body or my other avatars?”
Although the Amon in front of him didn’t take any action, the step “He”
took still gave Klein an indescribable pressure. It wasn’t easy for him to
keep still without retreating, which would betray his cowardice.
He grunted and replied in a low voice, “That’s why I’m curious as to why
you don’t know me.”
“Are you very famous?” said the Amon who had crawled out of the
darkness. “He” then raised “His” hand and adjusted “His” crystal monocle
on “His” right eye.
This action lasted for a few seconds before it came to an end. As though in
thought, Amon muttered, “There are no other ‘me’s nearby… Are there
really none, or has the connection been completely severed?”
What kind of accident caused this Amon to be independent? No way, I can’t
believe this fellow’s acts. “He” is a top-notch swindler… Klein’s heart
stirred at first before he suppressed his corresponding thoughts and asked,
“Why did you crawl out from underground?”
Amon’s expression returned to normal as “He” chuckled.
“Guess.”
Be it “His” actual body or “His” avatars, the fact that he has a terrible
personality doesn’t change… Klein thought to himself and tried to probe
with an answer, “You are exploring the secret that lays underground.”
Amon nodded slightly and said, “Isn’t that obvious?”
“He” then half-turned “His” body and pointed at the darkness beyond the
cliff that the light failed to light up.
“My father crawled out of here just like I did.
“Ah, right. It has a name. You should have heard of it—Chaos Sea.”
Chaos Sea? The Chaos Sea, one of the nine sefirots… It is indeed hidden
deep underground… Is the corruption behind the bronze door really brought
about by it? Previously, I was made aware of this mysticism knowledge
through my casual chats with Amon… The ancient sun god was originally a
member of this research facility. Then, he fell into the deep depths of the
Chaos Sea, only to awaken in the Second Epoch and crawl out? As he was
only an ordinary person back then, based on the law that proximity to the
underground increases in danger with higher Sequences, he wasn’t affected
too much? Klein’s mind raced as he recalled many matters and came up
with various guesses.
Three seconds later, he said in response, “So you took the risk and jumped
in to search for the truth of the buried history and the world?”
“Something like that.” Amon man pinched the edge of his monocle and said
in a self-deprecating tone, “But I didn’t do it willingly.”
“Ah?” Klein used a terse exclamation to express his doubts.
Amon smiled and said, “Every single one of me knows that it’s very
dangerous deep underground. We don’t want to go down alone. We have
tried many detours, including creating a marionette to replace us. However,
we failed to succeed and failed to obtain any feedback.
“In the end, under the true body’s watch, we held a fair vote. Unfortunately,
I was chosen.”
…It’s a miracle that Amon hasn’t completely gone mad yet… As expected
of the God of Mischief… Internal decisions have to be done in such a
way… Klein resisted the urge to lampoon.
“And then, you jumped down yourself?”
“What else? Let ‘Them’ throw me down?” Amon said as “He” spread “His”
hands.
Having said that, “He” seemed to finally understand something as “He”
muttered to “Himself,” “The Chaos Sea made ‘me’ sever ties with my main
body and the surrounding avatars?
“Am I independent?”
Independent… Previously, in front of the bronze door of the Hall of Truth, I
felt that every cell and every Worm of Spirit were giving birth to a new
consciousness, generating a different form of self… It’s very normal for
there to be similar changes in Amon’s avatar after directly entering the
Chaos Sea… An independent Amon avatar should be able to effectively
trick Amon’s true body… No, I can’t trust “Him”… Klein validated Amon’s
words using his own experience, but he quickly reminded himself not to
trust the God of Deceit.
He smiled and said, “I suspect you’re bluffing.”
Amon held up the crystal monocle and sized up Klein for a few seconds.
“It doesn’t matter whether you believe me or not. Even if I want to find a
partner, it wouldn’t be someone as weak as you.”
In the era of the eight Kings of Angels, were you very close to Red Angel
Medici… Having made up his mind not to trust the independence of the
Amon in front of him, Klein tried asking, “What did you discover in the
Chaos Sea?”
“Plenty of things. Guess what they are,” Amon said with a smile.
“You didn’t discover anything,” Klein said deliberately.
Amon shook “His” head.
“The other ‘me’s probably think so too. Besides, I haven’t been out for a
very long time, and I didn’t respond. It’s logical to believe that I had already
been corroded and was digested by Chaos Sea.”
Without waiting for Klein’s response, Amon continued, “Chaos Sea is very
large. It almost fills the core, and goes to a further layer. It’s also the only
sefirah that merges the real and the illusory and has an entrance in the real
world. The others are either completely illusory and hidden somewhere
unknown, or they’re definitely real while existing in the real world.
“I found something very interesting inside. The first Blasphemy slate was
likely born there, but it was later attracted by some power and left the
ground before it was complete.
“My father might’ve browsed through that Blasphemy Slate in the
beginning, which is why ‘His’ condensed into the second Blasphemy Slate
when ‘He’ perished.”
This is the origins of the two Blasphemy Slates? It’s no wonder the ancient
sun god was so powerful in the late stages of the Second Epoch… Klein
vaguely understood something and subconsciously asked, “What’s so
different about the two Blasphemy Slates?”
Amon adjusted the crystal monocle and said, “The second Blasphemy Slate
changed some of the Sequence names and added content.
“Those contents contain secrets about transcending Sequences.”
“Transcending Sequences?” Klein’s pupils widened slightly. He felt that his
long-term guess had been confirmed. “Become the Creator?”
Amon smiled and said, “More or less, but this description isn’t accurate
enough.
“I like to refer to that level as ‘Above the Sequences.’ There are also a
number of true deities who name it in other ways. Some call it ‘Great Old
Ones,’ others refer to it as ‘Outer Deities’ or ‘Cosmos.'”
Cosmos… The moment Klein heard this term, his spiritual intuition began
to give crazy warnings.
He remembered very clearly that the ascetic leader of the Church of
Evernight, Arianna, had told him before that unless he became an angel, he
shouldn’t attempt to understand the cosmos. Otherwise, just having
knowledge of it would bring him great danger!
Without any hesitation, Klein, who had been hiding in the Historical Void’s
in a time before the First Epoch, gave up maintaining the projection. He
stood up from the stacked cities of old, and he took four steps
counterclockwise.
Almost at the same time, the violent lightning that streaked across the sky
of the Forsaken Land of the Gods calmed down. The endless darkness
vanished as well.
A gigantic crimson moon covered half the sky.
The light on the surface of the crimson moon stretched out as if it was alive.
Outside this world, the moon that was revolving around the Earth had a
crimson sea flowing. It drowned everything, as though it was digesting this
huge natural satellite.
The blood-colored sea boiled when Klein learned about the news of “Great
Old Ones,” “Outer Deities,” and “Cosmos.”
They quickly gathered towards the middle, constantly piling together until
they formed an indiscernible, blood-red phantom image.
This phantom image was many times bigger than the moon. It had countless
eyes, and “it” looked down at the blue planet. It cast its gaze at Klein’s main
body through the connection that was established the moment he learned
about these matters!
As the crimson sea “receded,” many craters appeared on the surface of the
moon.
From the ground, the moon no longer crimson. It was bright and clear. It
had remained the same despite the hundreds of millions of years.
Further out in space, the Brown Star, Orange Star, Scarlet Planet, Gold
Planet, and Blue Planet twinkled like the blinking of eyes.
In the fog of history, boils began to emerge from the surface of Klein’s
body. Each boil had a mutated Worm of Spirit. They wore the faces of Zhou
Mingrui, Klein Moretti, Gehrman Sparrow, and Dwayne Dantès. They were
trying their best to drill out of his body.
Klein’s thoughts quickly turned chaotic. His entire Spirit Body seemed to
be torn apart by an invisible blade, but he still forced himself to finish
reciting the last sentence of the incantation.
“The Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings.”
Silently, Klein’s Spirit Body tore through the gray fog and entered Sefirah
Castle. The power of the entire space began to boil as it surged forward and
enveloped him, melting away wisps of black gas, streams of red light, and
boils, severing the invisible connection.
Nearly ten seconds later, the struggling Klein finally regained
consciousness. He stood up using the high-back chair as support.
Inside Chernobyl, Amon, who was standing at the edge of the cliff, said to
“Himself” in a low voice as “He” adjusted the crystal monocle on “His”
right eye, “Quite a fast reaction…”
If Klein had been a second slower and was embroiled in that chaotic state,
Amon could deceive the connection between the projection and the actual
body before Klein could remove the maintenance of the historical
projection. “He” could then appear inside the corresponding historical
fragment.
Above the gray fog, Klein sat down and rubbed his temples.
That Amon was indeed lying…
“He” should be the avatar that stayed behind to guard Chernobyl. When
“He” discovered that I had come, “He” hid somewhere between the cliff
and the Chaos Sea, pretending that “He” had just crawled out. “He” was
unable to deal with my main body by bypassing the historical projection.
Furthermore, “He” might not have the strength of a Sequence 2 angel.
Therefore, “He” pretended to be an independent avatar so as to carry out the
deceit…
On the surface, “He” attempted to make me believe that “He” was an
independent avatar and could be cooperated with. “He” made me focus on
this aspect, but in fact, “He” concealed the danger in “His” words…
Even in a normal conversation with the God of Deceit, one can still be
scammed…
However, in order to achieve “His” goals, “He” had also given a sufficient
amount of secrets…