Chapter 1191

Grasping One“s Mentality
Friendliness? Upon hearing The World Gehrman Sparrow’s question, Fors
nearly doubted her ears.
The image of Mr. X’s head that was put together, leaving it covered in
cracks, crevices, and blood surfaced in her mind.
Just as Fors was deliberating over her words, Audrey glanced at her and
smiled at The World Gehrman Sparrow.
“To let the Abraham family sense your friendliness, it isn’t about what you
do, but what Miss Magician writes in her letters.”
That’s right, unless I appear directly in front of Miss Magician’s teacher, his
understanding of me will only be limited to the various rumors and things
that Miss Magician tells him… As long as the story she tells is good
enough, even if it doesn’t fit the actual situation, it doesn’t matter… Klein
suddenly realized that he had been splitting hairs on the question.
“Ah?” Fors was somewhat enlightened by Miss Justice’s words, but she
didn’t fully understand it.
After looking at The Hermit, The Star, and company, Justice Audrey said to
Fors, “You need to convey Mr. World’s friendliness to your teacher. For
this, you can fabricate some stories and not tell him the truth.”
“Then what should I say?” Fors asked for advice.
This wasn’t because she wasn’t good at making up stories. On the contrary,
this was what she was most adept at. However, the problem was that
writing a novel that was well-received was different from a story that could
convince people. If she could get a senior psychologist’s advice on the
latter, it would undoubtedly be easier.
Audrey had already thought of the details of the letter before she opened her
mouth. She replied unhurriedly, “It’s obvious that your teacher has already
noticed that you’ve rapidly advanced, and because of Mr. X’s death and all
sorts of sensitive issues, he has a certain level of doubt and vigilance
regarding the Beyonder circles that you’ve participated in.”
“Yes.” Fors nodded indiscernibly in agreement with Miss Audrey’s
judgment.
If her teacher, Dorian Gray Abraham, was careless, he wouldn’t have been
able to survive to this day. He would have long been caught by the Aurora
Order or died in the hands of other powers who were interested in the
Abraham family.
Audrey continued, “In such a situation, he will still maintain contact with
you. He will teach you knowledge, give you formulas, and provide you with
ingredients. This shows that, on the one hand, he acknowledges your
character and morals, and on the other hand, he will also have a certain
level of anticipation for you to obtain important information from the
mysterious and dangerous Beyonder circle, as well as you becoming a
Sequence 4 demigod.
“This is the mentality we want to exploit.”
Audrey originally wanted to use the more neutral term, “grasp,” instead of
“exploit,” but after pausing for a moment, she chose to face herself directly
and face the essence of the matter.
With Fors listening attentively and Judgment, The Star, and The Hermit
looking forward to what she had left to say, Audrey pursed her lips and said,
“When you return, you can write to him and tell him that you have already
become a Traveler. It will make him happy for your growth, and also be
surprised by such an exaggerated advancement speed. Then, you can
answer the question he asked previously, saying that the gentleman who
was seeking to purchase the Worm of Star had mentioned something—that
the ancient curse in the Abraham family seems to come from a secret
existence known as Mr. Door.
“This is a question that your teacher has never told you about but is
definitely concerned about.
“Without a doubt, he will feel fear towards the gentleman who seems to
know that you’re related to the Abraham family. He will want to avoid you,
but he will definitely yearn to know more. He will then try to find out what
secret lies behind the curse that has plagued generations of Abrahams, one
that he has no solution to.
“At the same time, a letter exchange isn’t a direct meeting. It will give him
a certain sense of security. He might change his residence, change his
identity, and use a more roundabout way to receive the letter, but there is a
high chance that he will not sever the connection.
“Maintain this connection. Step by step, reveal something more valuable.
You will awaken your teacher’s desire and use it to portray an image of Mr.
World so that your teacher can experience some form of friendliness.”
At this point, Audrey stopped and looked at The World Gehrman Sparrow
once again.
She could roughly tell that Mr. World’s goodwill towards the Abraham
family was because he had a request, but as for the specific request, she
wasn’t a clairvoyant, nor had she read Gehrman Sparrow’s mind. Naturally,
she couldn’t guess it, nor could she continue explaining.
Klein nodded and said with a hoarse smile, “After we establish this kind of
indirect connection, I might ask your teacher for a transaction and use the
promise of breaking the curse to exchange for certain items of value.”
Through Demoness Trissy, he had already grasped the solution to the
Abraham family’s curse. However, he didn’t plan on exchanging it for the
Planeswalker potion formula or a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.
On the one hand, the difference in value was too great, making him feel
guilty. On the other hand, he didn’t want to bring a dangerous existence like
Mr. Door back into the real world. It was being irresponsible to himself and
the innocent.
He was thinking of another way to make the curse of the Abraham family
disappear to a certain extent. In other words, it might still exist, but it
wouldn’t affect the normal lives of the Abraham family and provide a
certain range of improvements.
Is that so… Mid- to High-Sequence Beyonders in the mind domain are
really impressive. She can make people follow her arrangements without
realizing it… Compared to when we first met, Miss Justice has seemed to
undergo a complete metamorphosis. It makes people fear and respect her…
Fors glanced at Xio and seemed to read the same poignant thoughts from
her eyes.
After some thought, she mustered her courage and said to The World
Gehrman Sparrow, “What if my teacher rejects your request?”
Did you think I would murder for property? Klein lampooned in Chinese.
He scoffed and said, “Don’t worry, I won’t harm him. I won’t use any
methods that will force him.”
Phew… Although Mr. World is a little scary, he’s still a man of his word…
Fors slowly nodded and said, “I’ll write a letter to my teacher according to
Miss Justice’s suggestion.”
Klein nodded slightly and surveyed the area.
“You can begin discussing the hunt.”
Cattleya took control and said, “The biggest problem with this operation is
finding the Saint of Secrets Botis.”
Fors immediately recalled how she had encountered him and raised her
hand.
“If I can borrow that powerful Sealed Artifact from my teacher, then I can
bring it with me. I can often wander around Backlund and use the
convergence of Beyonder characteristics to attract Botis to a nearby
location.
“Uh, this might attract other demigods of the Apprentice pathway; or the
leader of the Secret Order, Zaratul; or Blasphemer Amon…”
The more Fors spoke, the lower her voice became. She felt that this method
was too dangerous.
She didn’t know what would happen to the other members who participated
in the operation if Zaratul and Amon really appeared, but as bait, it was
without a doubt that she would fail to escape.
Cattleya nodded and said thoughtfully, “If it’s only a Grade 1 Sealed
Artifact of the Apprentice pathway, the law of convergence of Beyonder
characteristics shouldn’t be that attractive to neighboring pathways. The
range will be limited to the demigods of the Apprentice pathway. And from
what I know, there aren’t many of them. In fact, it can be said that there are
very few of them. Most of them exist in the form of a characteristic or
Sealed Artifact.”
I suddenly do not wish to become a Sequence 4… Fors’s eyelids twitched
when she heard that.
Cattleya cast her gaze at The World Gehrman Sparrow.
“Let’s not discuss the problem of whether there are any Grade 1 Sealed
Artifacts of the Apprentice pathway. If we want to let the Saint of Secrets
and Miss Magician bump into each other, the prerequisite is that he is also
in Backlund. He mustn’t be that cautious and often goes out.”
Upon hearing this, Leonard said from the angle of a professional official
Beyonder, “It’s actually not difficult. As a demigod of the Apprentice
pathway, Botis is definitely in charge of dealing with accidents among the
upper echelons of the Aurora Order. He has sufficient mobility to aid the
other members in different places. Heh heh, this is a term that appeared
after the steam engine and the airship were invented.
“As long as you can create some matters against the Aurora Order in
Backlund, he has a high chance of showing up.”
As he spoke, Leonard glanced at Klein.
Based on what he knew, in the chaotic battle outside Bayam City caused by
Gehrman Sparrow, the Saint of Secrets had appeared and picked up a glove.
“This is a solution…” Audrey and company nodded.
At this moment, The World suddenly said, “Let me remind you that the
Aurora Order is an organization that worships a true god. Once you take
action against them and secretly target their upper echelons, the True
Creator might be able to foresee this and give them a warning.”
That can happen? Audrey’s eyes widened slightly as she observed Cattleya,
Leonard, and company. She realized that they were equally astonished.
This was something that they had never considered before.
It wasn’t that they weren’t smart enough, but that they had never
participated in such matters that involved high-level existences before. Or
rather, even if they were involved, they weren’t aware of it.
“Then what should we do?” Fors couldn’t help but ask.
Klein replied in a suggestive tone, “By not targeting the Aurora Order
directly, we can use a milder approach to fish out the Saint of Secrets
Botis.”