Chapter 760

: What a Small Circle
I thought she would contemptuously say that she doesn’t like immature and
incapable men, hinting that she isn’t impressed with ordinary people. Who
knew she can’t even be bothered to answer this question… Heh, this sense
of superiority will easily lead to a loss of control for subsequent
advancements… Klein couldn’t help but lampoon inwardly.
From what he knew, Beyonders were only humans who had additional
powers. It was equivalent to having plenty of money or status. In fact, they
were still considered human and had no way of escaping human society.
Only by reaching Sequence 4 would one experience a qualitative change.
Furthermore, most demigods continue being active in human society. Even
the Sequence 1 Snake of Fate Will Auceptin is being an obedient unborn
fetus… Perhaps only at the level of Blasphemer Amon and the others will
they be able to view the real world as a “god”… Klein’s mind whirred as
he said, “I’m sorry. I was once a merchant who often spent time in the
Northern Continent and Southern Continent, and I have had little
experience with a ball. Heh heh, I mean, this type of ball.”
“It’s fine,” Hazel replied calmly as though she didn’t care about the topic he
had just raised.
If it were anyone else, they would’ve been at a loss for a conversation with
this arrogant lady. All they could do was focus on the dance, but Klein was
considered quite a knowledgeable and experienced person at this point. He
knew quite a bit of the different Beyonders in the mysterious world, so with
his apology, he said with a smile, “This is a challenge that isn’t simpler than
the sea. It similarly has beautiful scenery but hides countless difficulties. Of
course, the sea also has stories of all kinds of treasures. Some of them are
clearly fake, but others sound rather realistic but are impossible to verify.
It’s just like Death’s Key that’s ranked first amongst them.”
“Death’s Key?” Hazel looked up at Mr. Dwayne Dantès who was a lot taller
than her.
Indeed, a Beyonder with a strong sense of superiority would often have
their interest piqued when it’s something that involves mystery… Klein
chuckled inwardly and he nodded gently.
“Yes, it’s rumored to be hidden somewhere in the Berserk Sea…”
He used the legends he had heard back when he was aboard the White
Agate, as he added more of the details he had heard during his career as an
adventurer.
During this process, he couldn’t avoid mentioning the Four Kings and the
Seven Pirate Admirals.
Hazel was clearly interested in these as she responded to Klein in a rare
instance. She would even occasionally ask other questions, making the
dance between them less awkward. Without realizing it, their dance came to
an end.
Klein skillfully ended the topic and switched to asking, “Do you plan on
returning to where you were, or do you plan on heading over to get some
food?”
After a dance, the gentleman had to abide by the lady’s wishes and send her
to where she wished to go. It didn’t have to be where she originally stood.
Hazel opened her mouth as though she wished to ask further, but she
ultimately didn’t speak further. She nodded her head in a reserved manner,
“Where I was.”
Hehe, she clearly misses the stories at sea… She’s just a big brat. As long
as you grasp her temper and find what interests her, she’s actually not
difficult to interact with… Klein held back his smile as he sent Hazel back
to the periphery of the dance floor where she previously stood.
As for him, he acted casual as he walked to the long table that had all kinds
of food placed on it. He picked up a plate and began to scoop a serving of
pan-friend Dragon-Bone Fish, and he matched it with some sliced black
pepper steak.
Compared to the dance and entertaining others, food is the true essence of
a gathering… As Klein thought, he worked hard at trying to make his
appearance while eating appear elegant enough.
At this moment, he saw Ma’am Mary walk over and fork a piece of foie
gras soaked in red wine onto her plate.
When Klein saw her glance at him, he politely smiled with a nod as a
response.
“How may I address you? I haven’t met you before at the balls and
banquets hosted by Member of Parliament Macht.” Perhaps it was because
of Dwayne Dantès’s gray sideburns and deep blue eyes that were very
charming, the ordinary-looking Ma’am Mary with slightly high cheekbones
took the initiative to ask.
Klein laughed and replied, “I’m a merchant who just returned from Desi
Bay, Dwayne Dantès. I live on this street.
“Ma’am, do I have the honor of knowing your name?”
Mary nodded in thought, and she roughly understood this man to be a
merchant who was trying hard to enter high society, just like she was
previously.
She said with a smile, “Mary Schott, Coim Company’s executive director.”
She didn’t mention that she was the biggest shareholder of the Coim
Company, or mention that she was a member of the National Atmospheric
Pollution Council. This was a Loen-styled euphemism.
Mary Schott. She has taken up her original last name? Right, she has
already divorced… Klein silently thought to himself and said with a smile,
“I know of this company. Its main business is in anthracite and high-quality
coal. It has expanded rapidly in the past few months. Heh heh, to be frank, I
have the intention of investing in it, but I don’t seem capable of competing
with the rest.”
After the atmospheric bills were passed, there was a drastic increase in the
demand of anthracite and high-quality coal. Coim Company managed to
develop itself in ways that exceeded its past efforts. Its overall valuation
had already exceeded 250,000 pounds. Klein wasn’t shooting his mouth
when talking about investing, but that he believed that this industry would
become even more important in the coming years until humanity found a
resource to replace it.
Mary had always been very proud of the National Atmospheric Pollution
report she pushed for, as well as the development of the Coim Company, so
she couldn’t help but smile when she heard that.
“This is because people are beginning to pay attention to the environment
that they are living in.”
Having said that, she gently sighed and said, “As it gets better, trouble also
increases as a result.”
Having “just” acquainted himself, Klein didn’t ask about the trouble. With
his prior acquaintance with Ma’am Mary, he easily found a topic of interest
and had a good conversation with her.
Heh heh, her attitude towards Sherlock Moriarty and Dwayne Dantès is
very different… Despite being someone she knows, just a change in looks
and identity will be given a brand new form of treatment without any
problems arising. This feeling is truly magical… As they chatted, Klein felt
wistful as he felt that the additional Faceless potion he had consumed was
quickly digesting.
After a few minutes, a handsome man with bright blond hair walked over
with a cup of red wine. He smiled at Ma’am Mary and said, “Mary, what
are you talking about?”
“Hibbert, this is Mr. Dwayne Dantès from Desi. His experiences at sea and
West Balam are truly interesting,” Mary immediately introduced the two.
“Dwayne, this is Mr. Hibbert Hall, the eldest son of the Earl of East
Chester. Heh heh, we should be calling him Lord, but he prefers people to
address him as Mr. Chief Secretary. He’s the chief secretary of the National
Atmospheric Pollution Council.”
I’ve heard you mention him before. Of course, that was when the identity,
Sherlock Moriarty, was still active… The Earl of East Chester is a major
noble in the nation. He’s considered the top brass when it comes to high
society… Klein politely bowed without appearing overly low.
“Please permit me to convey my thanks as an ordinary citizen. The work of
the National Atmospheric Pollution Council has allowed us to live in better
living environments.”
Hibbert Hall was rather pleased with such sincere gratitude, so he smiled in
reply.
“This is all thanks to the hard work all of us have put in.”
By the side, Mary said with a smile, “Dwayne, don’t mention such matters
again. You will make Hibbert arrogant. No, I was just joking. He’s more
humble than all the noble children I know. He should be having a vacation
in the East Chester County’s fief at this time and spending his time hunting
with his friends, but he immediately returned after I sent him a telegram
informing him that I was invited to this ball by Member of Parliament
Macht.”
“It’s not only for this ball. There are many things that require my attention.
My father, Earl Hall, would also frequently commute between Backlund
and our fief before June,” Hibbert seriously explained.
A gentleman who places great importance on his social image… Klein
made a preliminary judgment.
When Mary heard that, she asked in passing, “Is there anything still keeping
you back? When are you leaving Backlund?”
“Most of my work has already been completed. There’s only one matter
left. Heh heh, my sister, Audrey, is very interested in the Backlund Bike
Company’s 10% shares. She hired a specialized team to help her in the
negotiations, and I’m responsible for overseeing the matter,” Hibbert said
without much thought.
Backlund Bike Company’s 10% shares? What a coincidence… I have to say
that the circle of high-society is quite small after all… Klein sighed
inwardly as he deliberately mentioned, “I also found a team to attempt to
purchase the 10% shares, but I only managed to offer up to 9,000 pounds.
Unfortunately, I wasn’t able to compete with the other competitors and
could only give up.”
Hibbert glanced at him with a look of surprise.
“You have good taste.”
He didn’t mention how much his side’s bid was, to prevent his competitor
from participating again.
9,000 pounds… Mary silently muttered, realizing she had underestimated
Dwayne Dantès’s wealth.
At this moment, the music for the third dance sounded. Hibbert Hall turned
to Mary and said, “May I have the pleasure of a dance with you?”
“That’s what I’ve been waiting for.” Mary immediately extended her hand.
This made Klein unable to exchange name cards with them; however, he
wasn’t in a rush, because it was still some time before the ball ended.
After getting another plate of food, he enjoyed it while looking at the dance
floor, admiring the madams’ and ladies’ dancing.
During this process, he noticed that Member of Parliament Macht and
Ma’am Riana were mingling with different guests from time to time, having
happy conversations with them and even dancing with them.
According to Walter, after confirming the guest list, the hosts need to
seriously conclude every guest’s preference and background, so as to tailor
a different topic of conversation or jokes for them. This is to make everyone
feel as though they are being treated uniquely… Socializing in high society
sure is troublesome… Heh heh, this might be why Loenese gentlemen tend
to have receding hairlines… Klein lampooned as he sighed in reflection.
He retracted his gaze and looked at his cleared plate. He seriously
considered if he should invite another lady or madam to a dance, or if he
should eat a little more.
At this moment, he caught Hazel Macht’s figure through the corner of his
eye. She was heading for the third story with hurried footsteps.