Chapter 396

: Pure Light Brotherhood
After returning to the real world, Fors sat at her desk and lost herself in
thought about the Abraham family for a while. She had a whole new
understanding of the few words mentioned in the mysticism notebooks she
had.
So that’s how it is… It’s no wonder Mrs. Aulisa didn’t wish to inform Mr.
Lawrence of her and her husband’s death… Now that I think about it, the
Abraham family is really pitiful and sad… Fors muttered a few sentences to
herself before rummaging and taking out Sights in the Spirit World from a
pile of ordinary books, in preparation to copy the first and second chapters.
For this, she entered Cogitation and adjusted her breathing in order to be in
her optimal condition. Otherwise, just copying the contents of Sights in the
Spirit World would bring her mania and confusion.
The words clearly didn’t have any spirituality, but once they were combined
together to describe those ridiculous scenes, it was as if they had the ability
to affect her emotions… I need to take a five-minute break after every five
minutes of copying it. I don’t want to lose control because of this… Fors
took out her small, intrinsic pocket watch and placed it diagonally in front
of her desk.
…
In the Berg household in the City of Silver.
Derrick woke up as a flash of lightning which illuminated everything
flashed in his eyes.
He looked around, but he didn’t feel like he was being monitored.
But The Hanged Man’s precise description of the prior events, through
reasoning and his deep confidence, convinced him that his conjecture was
correct and that there had to be one or more Beyonders with particular
powers that were secretly monitoring him at that very moment.
Besides, Mr. Fool didn’t deny it… Derrick got out of bed and stretched his
body like he usually did.
During this process, the analysis and suggestions, that The Hanged Man had
given him, rapidly surfaced in his mind.
“Up till now, no one has come looking for you or has chosen to throw you
into the dungeons. That’s enough to tell us that your Chief and the other
elders of the six-member council are still leaning towards observing. They
wish to find a way of evacuating the entire City of Silver out of the forsaken
land through Amon, the first person they’ve encountered in more than two
thousand years.
“So, if you don’t do anything out of line, they definitely wouldn’t rouse you
so that Amon wouldn’t notice anything amiss.
“As such, their surveillance wouldn’t be too close, physically; at least not
when you’re awake.
“And because of this, they probably didn’t discover that you’ve already
coughed out that Worm of Time. Their subsequent reactions are enough to
indirectly prove this.
“Similarly, they should only be able to observe what kind of ritual you held,
but they won’t be able to figure out who you’re praying to. If it were me, I
would definitely suspect that it was related to Amon.
“Due to the above reasons, you can openly hold the bestowment ritual.
After all of this, you can push the blame onto Amon. Of course, you have to
pretend to be sufficiently cautious and careful. You have to be prepared to
undergo the examination of a Psyche Analyst and other Beyonders of other
Sequences when everything is over. Regarding this matter, you can seek Mr.
Fool for help…”
With The Hanged Man’s suggestion, Derrick walked around the table twice,
carefully closed the window, lit a candle, and set up a bestowment ritual.
…
Above the gray fog, within the towering, ancient palace.
Klein was staring idly at the stone pillars that supported the dome, feeling
that the building he had willed resembled an Athens temple.
Is it because of my own subconscious? his thoughts wandered.
At that moment, the dark red star corresponding to The Sun began to emit
light, and it quickly dispersed the ripples to form an illusory and mysterious
door. Above the gray fog, a small amount of power was stirred up as it
flowed like water.
Upon hearing the stacked pleas, Klein lowered his head and looked at the
All-Black Eye placed in front of him.
Let’s hope Little Sun doesn’t lose this. Otherwise, Mr. World would have to
be gloriously sacrificed…
It was precisely because he had the All-Black Eye that Klein, who wasn’t a
Nimblewright Master, could secretly control The World as a fake person,
allowing him to act as if he was made of flesh and blood.
Once the item was lost, he would have to let The World die to prevent the
“magic” from getting exposed.
While sighing, Klein emanated his spirituality, stirring the power of the fog
into flowing towards the illusory door, forcefully pushing it open slightly
and stabilizing the transmission channel.
Soon after, he placed the All-Black Eye into an iron box and threw it into
the gap of the mysterious door. He casually said, “Do not touch the item
inside.”
After doing all this, he didn’t stay any longer, because he knew that Little
Sun wouldn’t be able to find an opportunity to take action that quickly, and
he was unsure when Miss Magician would be able to finish copying the two
chapters of Sights in the Spirit World.
Relaxing his spirituality, Klein’s figure disappeared from the space above
the gray fog.
…
In the Berg household in the City of Silver.
As soon as Derrick saw an iron-black box on the altar, he heard Mr. Fool’s
familiar voice: “Do not touch the item inside.”
Do not touch… Derrick made a note of this reminder and decided to carry it
out to a tee.
After thanking The Fool and Mr. World and ending the bestowment ritual,
he opened the box with extraordinary care and examined the contents.
It was a completely black eye without a pupil. Just looking at it threw his
mind into chaos, and his thoughts became sluggish. Faint, indistinct, and
seemingly crazy ravings sounded in his ears.
After a sudden shiver ran through his body, Derrick closed the lid of the
iron box, picked up a silver dagger, and completely sealed the iron box with
a wall of spirituality.
Then, he put the iron box into a secret pocket on the inside of his clothes,
fixed the Axe of Hurricane in place and left the room, heading straight for
the training field.
The exploration team members were still under the disguised quarantine.
However, Derrick had no plans to take action today. He carefully followed
Mr. Hanged Man’s instructions and planned to observe the situation first
and patiently wait for an opportunity. Of course, if there was a good
opportunity, he would have to act decisively.
Upon entering the training field, Derrick circled around the exploration
team’s area and saw that they were gathered in groups of two or three,
whispering to each other, but once they noticed that someone was watching,
they would immediately stop and stand there in silence. At times, they
would take a few steps, like zombies that had just crawled out of the
darkness.
What would they do if I removed the wall of spirituality now and allow them
to sense the feelings emanated by Mr. World’s item? Will they turn their
heads at the same time to look at me? Derrick imagined the scene of
everyone turning their heads and looking at him with cold and emotionless
eyes, and he felt a baffling, indescribable fear.
He drew a breath and told himself to be patient, to wait, and not to panic.
…
City of Silver, at the top of the spire, in a room that belonged to the Chief.
Demon Hunter Colin Iliad, who was resting his mind with his eyes closed,
looked towards a dark corner.
A human figure stood up from the ground with a twisted posture. It swayed
slightly and said with a voice that sounded like metal abrasions, “Your
Excellency, Derrick Berg has held another ritual. According to my
observation, it’s likely to be a bestowment request ritual. It’s very similar to
the sacrificial rituals we usually hold, but what’s different is that he
received a response and was given an iron-black box.
“I couldn’t exactly see what was inside, but it gave me a very evil and
dangerous feeling.”
At this point, the shadow urgently pleaded, “Your Excellency, it’s definitely
directed by that mysterious person. We have to take action and not let this
continue unheeded! Otherwise, Derrick Berg will summon an evil god or a
similar existence sooner or later, destroying the entire City of Silver!”
Colin’s expression became unusually grave. He stood up and slowly paced
up and down, saying, “Let’s wait a little longer.
“Up till now, we still haven’t figured out the purpose of that mysterious
person who called himself Amon. We don’t understand why he only sent
one avatar to the City of Silver after discovering it, as well as the goal of
patiently staying in the underground dungeons for forty-two years.
“If his intention is solely to destroy us, he wouldn’t have done such
incomprehensible actions.
“Just wait a little longer. This might be our hidden hope, the hope for us in
surviving the apocalypse when it comes!”
Just as he finished his sentence, a bolt of lightning flashed past the window,
illuminating the pitch-black sky and the gloomy room.
…
When it was almost evening, Klein finally received Miss Magician’s prayer
and obtained the first two chapters of Sights in the Spirit World through the
sacrificial ritual.
When he sat in the seat that belonged to The Fool, he leisurely flipped
through the copied notebook, and he read them, line by line. He was
stunned to find himself turning increasingly irritable.
What’s happening? Those words clearly don’t contain any spirituality, and
the paper is ordinary as well. It couldn’t be a Sealed Artifact, so how can it
affect my state of mind? Furthermore, I’m above the gray fog, a fog that
can even sever the influence of a true god… Klein frowned, leaned back,
and carefully recalled the information in the Book of Secrets which had
similar phenomena.
Not long after, he roughly understood the reason.
When certain existences were described in detail, even if it was written in
text form, it would still affect the reader’s thoughts and psyche!
Amongst them, the scariest were records related to true gods.
A book explaining a particular god in detail would cause every reader to go
crazy or even distort their ideologies. As for Beyonders, there was a high
chance of them losing control!
Sights in the Spirit World was written by a certain ancestor of the Abraham
family. He had recorded all the strange and wonderful things that happened
when he traveled through the spirit world.
In the first chapter, he described the lights in the spirit world. He believed
that the seven rays of pure light of different colors contained the limitless
knowledge of different domains, and that no matter where the travelers
were in the spirit world, they would be able to see them blanketing higher
elevations.
What was even more surprising was that these seven rays of light were
alive! They were like Spirit Bodies that lingered there!
In the field of mysticism, many of the secret deed rituals were actually
aimed at the seven pure lights, and through their secret connections, they
allowed one to gain a certain amount of knowledge. Therefore, many
mysticism experts called the seven pure lights “master” or “teacher.”
In response to this, the seven pure lights seemed very happy. They had even
pulled quite a few spirit world creatures to form a secret organization that
specialized in teaching people—the Pure Light Brotherhood!
In the second chapter, the traveler from the Abraham family recorded his
encounter with the “Yellow Light,” Venithan.