Chapter 1217

The Five Mush and Two Rooms
Moon City.
Many humans walked out of buildings which stood unusually sturdily
despite having mottled surfaces. Some of them were obviously deformed,
while others had already developed some abnormalities.
The humans looked at each other and noticed some confusion on each
other’s faces.
There were still two to three months before the Sun Sacrifice. Why was the
High Priest summoning everyone to the square?
Could something have happened? The residents of Moon City were filled
with anxiety, fear, and confusion as they entered the only square from every
street.
At this moment, the high platform was empty. The person who had
convened them appeared to have not arrived.
The residents of Moon City gathered together in a very orderly manner
according to their respective zones, and they discussed amongst each other
in whispers.
“Why isn’t the High Priest here yet?”
“Doesn’t he like to wait and not want others to wait for him?”
“What happened exactly? Why did he suddenly gather all the city’s
residents aside from the guards?”
…
Amidst the voices, at the top of a tower near the square, High Priest Nim
leaned against the wall and looked at the square from behind the crystal
glass with a twisted expression as he endured something.
His grayish-white hair flared up as a bunch of short black hair grew on his
face. His ribs and waist were squirming, forming a swollen patch.
These abnormal changes would disappear and occasionally appear. It was as
if he was suffering from relapses again and again. His entire being was
sinister and terrifying.
After about a minute, he finally calmed down. He let out a long breath and
wiped the cold sweat on his forehead.
Just now, he had been resisting the madness that had accumulated in his
body.
In fact, no matter which Beyonder pathway it was, the higher the Sequence,
the greater the insanity and inhuman inclinations one had. This gradually
exceeded one’s own humanity. One had to rely on external anchors to
maintain a balance.
Normally, such situations weren’t obvious at Sequence 4 and Sequence 3.
And at the level of an angel, even if there were enough anchors to stabilize
them, they would fall into darkness from time to time. In the negative and
abnormal states, one had to endure and resist on their own, waiting for them
to ease up.
They were like a sacred and solemn existence who might appear
unproblematic normally. They could respond to prayers, chat normally, and
even joke. However, at times, they could only hide in dark rooms and in the
shadows. They tore off the surface of their skin, revealing a sinister side
that showed signs of madness.
As Nim often ate monster flesh, he had accumulated a lot of toxins,
corruption, and madness. This forced him to endure such pain despite being
a Sequence 4.
Of course, those who didn’t know the acting method and relied on time or
luck to advance to Sequence 4 and Sequence 3 would also share the same
fate.
After composing himself, he turned and left the room. With the help of an
illusory door, he appeared on the high platform in the middle of the square.
After the discussions died down, the residents of Moon City cast doubtful
and uneasy gazes at the High Priest.
Nim looked around and directly said, “The hunting team led by A’dal met
an outsider.”
An outsider! The eyes of the residents of Moon City suddenly widened as
though it was a bolt from out of the blue.
This was the first time in two thousand years for Moon City to encounter an
outsider! Of course, this was referring to human interaction and not
monsters.
Nim took a deep breath and continued, “He claims to be a missionary who’s
here to spread the light of a deity. He caused the grayish-white fog to
undergo obvious changes. He cleansed A’dal and the others of the
corruption and toxins accumulated within them. Also, he treated their
physical mutations.”
As he spoke, he nodded to the side of the platform, and A’dal and Xin, who
were hiding in the shadows, immediately passed through the row of torches
and walked to his side, using their own conditions to prove what the High
Priest had just said.
“Oh my…”
“God!”
“Is that A’dal and Xin?”
“They really, really…”
Exclamations sounded out as surprise and shock mixed together into
something almost physical.
A’dal and Xin exchanged looks, took two steps forward, and recounted
what their hunting team encountered.
The crowd heard about the tiny flame that appeared in the darkness, the
cross that emitted a bright light, the cane that could cure any mutations and
ailments, the parting of the grayish-white fog, as well as the appearance of
the door. Upon hearing the hunting team’s delightful description of their
excellent condition, the residents of Moon City gradually fell silent.
Some of them had already unknowingly teared up—a result of the extreme
fatigue and repression. Finally, they saw a ray of light.
The tears carried a mild and salty feeling as they flowed past their faces,
slipping across the corner of their lips and dripping onto the ground.
In addition, a person who was still rational and clear-headed raised his arm
to express his opinion.
“Could that missionary be a special monster from deep within the
darkness?”
“Are A’dal and Xin acting like this because they’ve already been controlled
and influenced?”
After the wave of doubt calmed down, Nim said in a deep and clear voice,
“I’ve checked them and have also used the Sealed Artifacts. I haven’t found
anything unusual for the time being.
“I will let them remain in the black tower and undergo at least fifteen days
of quarantine.”
After making the promise, he paused and said, “That missionary named
Gehrman Sparrow will be meditating in the vicinity of the grayish-white
fog for some time. He has permitted us to experience the glory of the god
he believes in, and listen to the corresponding teachings. And every day, at
the time when the lightning frequency is highest, he will provide cleansing
and treatment.
“Everyone can make their own decision on heading over there, but they
have to report their decision in advance and follow instructions. No one is
to act on their own accord and affect the city’s defenses. After they return,
they will be quarantined for fifteen days like A’dal and Xin.”
The residents of Moon City fell silent. They looked at each other, unable to
make up their minds.
At this moment, Rus and another member of the hunting team, who had
previously missed the cleansing and treatment because of their choice to
return to inform the High Priest, stepped forward.
“High Priest, I’m going!”
“Alright, I’ll lead this… team tomorrow.” Nim nodded and agreed.
He had originally planned to give this team a name, but he failed to come
up with a good description. He could only stammer and skip it.
In his heart, there was actually a name, but he didn’t dare say it out loud. It
was: Pilgrimage.
With Rus and company leading the way, several Moon City residents stood
forward, indicating that they were willing to take the risk.
When the frequency of lightning increased, it was the dawn of a brand new
day. A group of seven to eight Moon City residents carried animal hide
lanterns and began to traverse the darkness, heading towards the periphery
of the grayish-white fog.
After darkness and light exchanged countless times, Rus and company’s
eyes suddenly lit up.
It was a bonfire that was slowly burning. Gehrman Sparrow, who was
wearing strange clothes and a strange hat, was sitting around it. He held an
iron-black long skewer and was roasting something.
There were corpses of monsters lying around the bonfire. On these corpses,
there were all sorts of strange objects. Some of them were white and full, as
if they would spew out liquids the moment they were poked. Some of them
were black, embedded with blood-colored lines and marbling. Some were
covered with golden spots, while the tops were the size of a palm…
These items were densely packed, covering the different parts of the
monster’s corpse. They had a strange and alluring beauty to them.
After taking a few steps forward, High Priest Nim noticed that Gehrman
Sparrow was roasting one of the strange objects. Drops of oil dripped down
and produced sizzling sounds in the fire, brightening the light and allowing
an alluring fragrance to spread.
Gulp. The residents of Moon City swallowed their saliva instinctively as
they developed an irresistible urge to eat.
Every cell of theirs was screaming crazily:
I wish to eat it!
I want to eat it!
Give it to me!
Sitting on a rock, Klein raised his head and pointed at the colorful objects
growing on the corpses of the monsters around him. He said in a deep
voice, “These are called mushrooms. They’re divided into different types. If
you’re willing, you can pick and eat them yourself, but do not touch the
black ones. Furthermore, they have to be thoroughly cooked before you can
eat them. Otherwise, you will encounter a terrifying curse.”
The High Priest of Moon City thought for a moment and replied on behalf
of the others, “We would like to first listen to your Lord’s teachings and
experience ‘His’ radiance.”
With a slight nod, Klein said as he rotated the long barbecue skewer that he
had summoned from the Historical Void, “You may sit down and listen.”
When the eight Moon City residents sat opposite the bonfire, he said with a
solemn expression, “I came from the Giant King’s Court.”
This was a term that all the residents of Moon City were familiar with.
Their spirits were instantly lifted as they cast their attention away from the
items above the burning fire and cast it at Gehrman Sparrow.
Following that, Klein described the situation outside the City of Silver and
the situation beyond the cursed land. He also shared with them his sightings
of city ruins along the way.
The residents of Moon City sighed when they heard this. Sometimes, they
looked forward to it, but sometimes they found it hard to believe. At times,
they could empathize with it and be filled with sorrow.
Halfway through his sentence, Klein suddenly stopped. He retracted the
black long metal skewer, brought it to his mouth, and bit down on a
mushroom.
Thick meat juices seeped out and, with a slightly scorching feeling,
cleansed his mouth.
After spending half a year in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, Klein had
already overcome his disgust towards mushrooms. After all, Danitz was
often tasked by him with things to do. He was unable to meticulously
prepare food and sacrifice things to him. During this period, he could only
rely on mushrooms for sustenance.
He closed his eyes in satisfaction and handed over the long, black skewer.
He smiled and said, “You can try some.”
High Priest Nim was still hesitant when Rus reached out his hand. As he
expressed his gratitude, he got a mushroom and put it into his mouth.
He ate too quickly, so much so that his mouth was scalded. However, after
his expression twisted, it suddenly froze.
Following that, his expression slowly relaxed as he gradually revealed a
sense of intoxication, pleasure, and yearning.
In the end, Rus’s tears flowed out unknowingly as he muttered in a deep,
choking voice, “This is the best and most superb food I’ve ever eaten…”
Even though their taste for food had changed after generations, humans
couldn’t adapt to food with toxins and madness. They still yearned for sugar
and fat.
At that moment, all the residents of Moon City could tell that Rus was
moved.