Chapter 476

: The Straw Men
Light suddenly faded from where Ince Zangwill disappeared, staining the
area with the richest and deepest darkness.
In the darkness, the sounds of melodic chanting could be heard. It was quiet
and tranquil, hypnotic even. Even the countless pale arms flailing upwards
underneath the pitch-black water seemed to slow down, no longer as
frenzied as before, as if they had won redemption for their souls.
In such a “dark night,” a figure walked out. It was none other than Ince
Zangwill who had just been dragged into the spirit world.
Compared to before, he had lost the bonnet on his head. The clothes on his
left shoulder were tattered, and a piece of flesh had been torn off. Faint
yellow pus bubbled out one after another.
His eyes were no longer indifferent, but filled with pain, as if he was
suffering some unimaginable torment.
The 0-08 quill continued writing.
“Some might feel regret, while others might rejoice. Ince Zangwill had the
umbilical cord of the evil god which came from the baby in Megose’s womb.
It was from the True Creator, and through the umbilical cord, he
successfully escaped from the restraints of the unknown existence and
forcefully returned to the real world, but as a result, he had lost that
mystical item. In addition, he would suffer the ire of the evil god’s spawn
from having failed to descend for a short period of time.
“This made his strength appear like some kind of commodity in a
department store during a change of seasons, with only 55% left. Yes, this
number is extremely accurate.”
…
In a street in the depths of East Borough.
Old Kohler hurried back to his rented apartment, carrying some ham in a
paper bag.
He looked around warily, afraid that those ravenous wolves around him
would pounce on him and steal his New Year’s gift.
He had seen wolves back when he was still in the countryside, but to his
surprise, he was able to experience that familiar feeling in Backlund.
It’s still too expensive. I can only split the cost with someone else and cut it
into pieces… This is enough for the new year holiday. I can eat two slices of
ham for every meal. Three slices, no—at least five slices of ham. I can cut
some of them off and stew them together with the potatoes. I don’t even need
to add salt… With this in mind, Old Kohler looked at the ham in his arms,
seeing the white spots mixed in with the red meat, his throat couldn’t help
but twitch and he swallowed a mouthful of saliva.
As he walked, he felt the fog around him grow thicker. The cathedral’s
clock tower that was still relatively clear in the distance was gradually
swallowed by a mixture of iron-black and pale yellow colors. Even the
pedestrians around him were reduced to blurry shadows once they were ten
steps away.
Old Kohler suddenly felt like he has been forgotten by the world as he
raised his palm to cover his nose.
“Why does the fog smell so bad today?” he muttered, and he quickened his
pace.
One step, two steps, three steps. Old Kohler felt his face heat up and his
forehead start to burn.
His chest tightened, his throat felt uncomfortable, and soon he was
experiencing difficulty breathing.
Have I fallen ill? Damn it, I still want to have a good new year’s, and now I
can only send my savings to the clinic or hospital… No, perhaps I’ll be fine
with some sleep. I’ll be fine sleeping with a blanket over me! Old Kohler
silently muttered to himself as his head grew hotter and hotter and his
senses became more and more muddled.
Gasp. Gasp. Gasp. He heard his own labored breathing, and his hands went
limp as the bag of ham fell heavily to the ground.
Old Kohler instinctively bent down to pick it up, but he ended up falling to
the ground.
He held the bag of ham and tried to keep it in his arms.
At this moment, he thought there was thick phlegm rushing up his throat,
blocking it, so he fought back, making panting sounds.
Thud! Old Kohler began to see, through his blurry vision, that a few steps
away, someone else had also fallen and was gasping for breath. He was
about the same age as him, in his fifties, with white sideburns.
Suddenly, he understood that he was about to die.
It reminded him of his own wife and children, who, like him, suddenly got
infected with the plague and died shortly after.
It reminded him of the time when he had been hospitalized. The patients in
the same room were still chatting and laughing that night, but they would be
sent to the morgue early the next morning.
It reminded him of the friends he had known as a tramp, many of which had
disappeared over the course of the winter until they were found stiff under a
bridge or some spot which was sheltered from the wind. A small number
died from suddenly having food.
This reminded him of the days when he was still a decent worker, when the
neighbors in the neighborhood would suddenly die like this. Some of them
died from headaches, some of them died from accidentally falling into
molten steel, some of them died from all sorts of painful, bloating ailments.
Some of them even collapsed silently in the factories, one batch after
another.
This reminded him of what he had heard from a drunk in the bar when he
was scrounging for information.
“People like us are like straw on the ground, falling when the wind blows.
It’s even possible to fall on our own even without the wind.”
The wind is coming… Old Kohler suddenly had such a thought.
He clutched the bag of ham tightly as he groped the pocket of his old jacket
for the crumpled cigarette he had always been unwilling to smoke.
What he couldn’t understand was why his healthy body would suddenly
become ill. It wasn’t like he had never experienced such a dense fog before.
What he couldn’t understand was the reason for him suddenly collapsing
just as his life was back on track, moving in a direction that was sufficiently
nice for him. Furthermore, he had been paid in advance by Detective
Moriarty to buy his long-awaited ham for the new year, and he was looking
forward to tasting it.
Old Kohler fished out that crumpled cigarette, but he no longer had the
strength to lift his arms again as they slammed heavily to the ground.
He used the last of his strength to shout out the words that had been
building up inside of him, but he could only let the frail words linger at his
mouth without producing them.
He heard his last words.
He heard himself ask, “Why?”
…
In an apartment at the edge of East Borough.
Liv hung up the last piece of clothing she had washed and waited for it to
dry.
She looked at the sky outside, somewhat unsure of the time due to the thick
fog which had appeared without her realizing it.
“Anyway, it’s still early, and we’ve already done the laundry…” Liv’s
expression grew heavy.
It wasn’t a good thing to finish work too early. This meant that they could
rest, but it also meant that they didn’t have enough work which would
imply inadequate income.
Liv took a deep breath, turned around, and looked at her eldest daughter,
Freja, who was wiping her hands and casting her gaze towards the
vocabulary notebook in the opposite room.
“It’s almost New Year’s. Most of our clients have left Backlund and have
gone on vacation elsewhere. We can’t go on like this. We have to find new
work.”
As she spoke, she walked towards the door.
“During this period, the rich will host banquets one after another. They
definitely won’t have enough servants and might hire temporary kitchen
cleaners. I plan on inquiring. Freja, you stay at home and pick up Daisy
when the time comes. We need income, but so do the thieves, bandits, and
human traffickers of those prostitutes to welcome the new year.”
In the East Borough, every woman, who didn’t work in the factories, had to
be skilled or aggressive enough in order to survive.
Freja answered briskly, “Alright.”
Her mind was already on the desk and vocabulary notebook next door.
Liv had just opened the door when she stumbled and fell to the floor.
Cough! Cough! Cough! She broke into a violent coughing fit as her face
flushed red, with every joint in her body experiencing an unbearable ache.
Freja ran over in panic and squatted beside her.
“Mother, what’s wrong with you? Mother, what’s wrong with you?”
“It’s nothing. Cough, I’m fine.” Liv began to find it harder to breathe.
“No, you’re sick—sick! I’ll take you to the hospital immediately!” Freja
tried to help her mother up.
“It’s too expensive, too… expensive. Cough—Let’s go to a charity hospital.
A charity hospital, I can wait. It’s n-not a big problem.” Liv gasped a
response.
Freja burst into tears and her vision blurred rapidly.
But at that moment, she felt her lungs burn, and her body went limp as she
fell to the ground with Liv.
“What’s the matter with you, Freja? Cough! You’re sick too?” Liv shouted
anxiously. “There’s money, cough—in the closet, cough—in the hole in the
wall. You have to be quick. Go to the hospital! Get a good—a good doctor!”
Freja tried to say something, but not a sound came out from her mouth. Her
eyes slanted up to the door beside her.
It was their bedroom, their bunk beds. On top of it was her favorite table
and her vocabulary notebook.
Her body suddenly began to twitch.
Liv’s coughing stopped.
Within the public elementary school at the edge of East Borough, the fog
still wasn’t thick yet, but many students had already started to cough.
The experienced teacher on duty immediately ordered, “Quick, to the
cathedral. We need to head for the cathedral next door!”
Daisy stood up in a panic and ran with the crowd to the cathedral next to the
school.
Suddenly, her heart palpitated as she felt the horror of losing something
important.
… Mother… Freja. Daisy turned her head sharply, wanting to rush home
against the crowd.
However, she was stopped. She was caught by her teachers and forcibly
dragged towards the cathedral.
Daisy struggled and screamed at the top of her lungs, “Mother! Freja!
“Mother! Freja!”
…
In East Borough, the dock area, and the factory district, the old or those
with latent ailments collapsed in the fog in succession like felled trees,
while those who came into contact with them felt as if they had been
infected by the plague. They died quickly, and even the able-bodied adults
and children also felt slightly unwell.
In their eyes, the light yellow and iron-black fog was like the descent of
Death.
On the Tuesday of the last week in 1349, Backlund was shrouded in haze.
…
In the corner of the hall, Klein pressed himself against the stone wall so that
he wouldn’t be discovered by Mr. A.
Soon, he heard muffled groans and could smell the scent of flesh and blood.
“Give up your lives for the Lord,” Mr. A’s voice suddenly sounded.
Thud. Thud. The sound of figures collapsing entered Klein’s ears, and a
strong spirituality fluctuation appeared and constantly reverberated.
Mr. A sacrificed his four attendants? Just as this thought appeared in
Klein’s mind, illusory layers of weeping sounds could be heard. Some of
them were calling out for their mothers, others coughing violently, and
some moaning in pain.
As half of an expert at mysticism, Klein seemed to see a series of
disgruntled and transparent figures entering the ritual one after another,
followed by the years of numbness, despair, pain, and resentment from the
dock area, factory district, and East Borough.
Has it officially begun? Klein closed his eyes and leaned his back against
the wall, his right hand clenching and relaxing.
For him, the best thing to do at this moment was to slip out of the hall and
flee into the distance while Mr. A was concentrating on the ritual.
His right hand loosened and tightened before relaxing many times in a row.
Seven or eight seconds later, Klein opened his eyes, the corners of his
mouth curling upwards in an exaggerated manner.
He reached out his hand to grab the revolver, turned around abruptly, and
dashed out.
Dressed in his black double-breasted frock coat, he raised his right hand and
aimed at the altar.