Chapter 1138

“Scholar of Yore“
In the highlands, on an altar with eyes, arms, heads, and organs embedded
in it.
Dark red blood-red light surged out like a tidal wave, distorting into the
shape of a deformed tree.
Amidst a buzzing sound, the human bones, candles, silver plates, and gold
boxes trembled, as though they could slice through one’s Spirit Body.
The surrounding supplicants instinctively bowed their heads and prostrated.
Then, they simultaneously came to a realization:
“The Berserk Sea, reef island…”
When he saw the ancient palace above the gray fog and sensed the slight
tremble of the mysterious space, Klein felt that he had a deeper connection
with the so-called “Sefirah Castle,” one that was hard to accurately grasp.
At this moment, he truly felt that place would gradually belong to him.
In just a few seconds, all the abnormalities disappeared. Without any delay,
Klein got the two marionettes to put away the items that were still of value,
and destroy the rest. He took out a paper figurine and shook it.
With a smacking sound, the paper figurine ignited with a scarlet flame as
dense illusory wings appeared behind his back.
When he saw this, Klein was stunned. He never expected that the simple
Paper Figurine Substitutes would have hints of Angel’s Embrace.
He then grabbed Qonas and Enuni, using “Teleport” to vanish from the
island formed by reefs.
After using several islands in the Sonia Sea as waypoints, he took a huge
detour before finally returning to his residence in Backlund’s East Borough.
During this process, he repeatedly used Paper Figurine Substitutes, which
had undergone several qualitative changes, to disrupt divination, prophecy
powers, tracking, and observation.
Phew, I didn’t expect it to really trigger the changes in Sefirah Castle,
resulting in an unconcealable phenomenon… Fortunately, I was sufficiently
careful and cautious. I wasn’t careless. If I had advanced in Backlund or the
surrounding areas, I’m certain that Amon and Zaratul would’ve already
“seen” me… Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he hurriedly took four steps
counterclockwise and went above the gray fog to do a divination.
After confirming that he was in a safe situation, he didn’t stay for long. He
immediately returned to the real world, and with the help of Cogitation, he
began to restrain his diverging spirituality.
After doing this, he took off his clothes, threw himself into bed, and fell
into a deep sleep.
Normally, a Bizarro Sorcerer wouldn’t be as exhausted as he was after
successfully advancing to Scholar of Yore. He would definitely have energy
left to check his physical condition. However, while traveling through
history, he relied on his mark to travel a very far distance. He relied on his
own mastery of ancient secrets, that far exceeded his current level, to reach
the establishment of the Giant King’s CourUn the early of the Second
Epoch or the end of the Epoch.
This was equivalent to digesting the potion.
After a few hours of deep sleep, Klein woke up as he slowly opened his
eyes.
He sat up, pulled a pillow to prop him up from behind, and rubbed his
temples.
After ten minutes of regulating himself, he was completely awake and
began to inspect himself.
Indeed, I’ve digested most of the potion right after I consumed it. At least
eighty percent… This is roughly what I expected… but I wonder how much
more ancient history I’ll have to obtain before I can digest it completely…
From the looks of it, the acting of a Scholar of Yore has two main
directions: One is a scholar from ancient times, and the other is a scholar
who studies ancient history. Both of them are required. The first is relatively
easy because the ritual itself contains the key point of making one a person
from ancient times. Once the advancement is successful, one can naturally
act as a scholar from ancient times.
The second point is extremely difficult. It would be alright in normal
society, but in this world with true gods, devils, and evil existences, just
gathering ancient information is a very risky matter. If I endeavor to gather
the truth of history, I might die a horrible death at any moment without any
reason. The more I understand, the greater the danger…
The reason why I know so much is mostly thanks to the arrangements of a
few existences, as well as the complicated fate that Sefirah Castle brings
me. This makes me encounter all sorts of things. Of course, even so, I’ve
already died once despite being a true deity’s Blessed; what’s more, other
Scholars of Yore?
Changing the spot of Miracle Invoker and Scholar of Yore will make acting
relatively simple. Unfortunately, there’s no such thing…
In addition, the previous two meanings have an inclination towards ancient
times. I have to pay attention to the word “scholar.” What must I figure out
from history before I can be considered a “scholar”?
Next, there are a few directions towards my digestion. First, I need to figure
out Dark Angel Sasrir’s current state and truly replicate the actual process
of the Cataclysm. Second, I need to spend some effort to connect the history
of the Fourth Epoch together, and not just be fine with having them in
disconnected segments. Third, I need to go deep into the details from a
macroscopic view. For example, the rise and fall of the Antigonus family…
After confirming that prior acting was effective, and considering his future
path ahead of time, Klein combined the mysticism knowledge he had
gained from his advancement and his observation of his godhood’s divinity,
and he had a trial run of his powers to slowly figure out the powers of a
Scholar of Yore.
Worms of Spirit can be split into six hundred pieces. The godhood patterns
have also changed to a certain degree; it’s even more complicated, and it
can showcase concepts of strength, strangeness, and supematuralness…
The changes in my godhood patterns firstly originate from the newly
obtained characteristic, and secondly, it comes from the mysticism
knowledge contained within the potion. This is both a result of the
Beyonder characteristic and also something obtained from a higher level…
After becoming a true High-Sequence Beyonder, is it possible to directly
change the knowledge at a higher dimension to affect Beyonders at other
Sequences?
Deciphering a potion formula from the godhood patterns seems like an
actual example…
Also, at the level of Sequence 3, the changes in godhood patterns have a
personal effect. This is closely related to prayer and responses. As a Scholar
of Yore, the corresponding honorific names will be different in nature. This
is because of different personalities, experiences, and traits.
Yes, I can allow different Worms of Spirit to instinctively listen to prayers
and respond to them when it’s a relatively uncomplicated matter. It doesn’t
affect my other actions… The specially marked ones and more complicated
matters will be handed over to my actual body…
A Scholar of Yore can use a Worm of Spirit to act as a god, but what about
other Sequence 3 Beyonders from other pathways? It’s impossible for them
to respond while sleeping, right…
Heh heh, I’ll think of my honorific name as a Scholar of Yore later. I’ll first
study the specific abilities.
Uh… A Scholar of Yore’s main ability is to obtain help from history. This is
split into two parts. One is to borrow strength from my past self.
This is rather embarrassing for me. It’s currently useless because the past
me is definitely weaker than the present me. Yes, when I was hanging above
the door of light above the gray fog, I was just an ordinary person…
Compared to those who were important figures in the past but are now
weak due to all kinds of reasons, this is a godly skill. One can be a baby
crying for ice cream while engaging in a Sequence 1 battle. It would be
impossible to find any weaknesses… The only problem is that it’s not long-
lasting…
Of course, as more time passes after I become a Scholar of Yore, this will
begin to show its effects. I can often borrow strength from my past Scholar
of Yore self so that I wouldn’t have any moment of weakness. Even if I
were to suffer serious injuries… To a certain extent, this is something that’s
self-perpetuating, preventing myself from ever being in a nadir until my
spirituality is completely drained.
Yes, before my spirituality is drained, I can always borrow energy from my
past self. There’s no limit to the number of times. As for my current
spirituality, even without the process of recovering, I can borrow power
nearly ten times a day, maintaining it for five minutes each time.
The second part is to summon images from the Historical Void. It can be
humans or objects. The more detailed and the better the understanding I
have of the corresponding piece of history and matters, the higher the
chance of success is and the longer it will last.
Similarly, the lower the target’s level is, relative to me, the higher the
chance of success and the longer it can be maintained.
In addition, increasing my affinity with the target will increase the chances
of success and the time it can be maintained.
These are the three conditions to succeed. Furthermore, when summoning
someone of a higher level than myself, or an item, even if I barely succeed,
the final projection will only have a portion of the strength and quality of
the original. It can’t be one who’s at full strength. Also, I can only maintain
three images summoned from the Historical Void at any point in time,
including those summoned by my marionettes…
Currently, even if it’s the most ordinary item or something that was once
mine, I can maintain its availability for a maximum of fifteen minutes.
The fact that the target has a close relationship with me is worth rumination.
In essence, borrowing power from one’s own body is also a form of
summoning. It’s just that one’s relationship with oneself is extremely close,
so there’s no possibility of failure. It’s an extreme example.
In other words, if I were to summon the important figures from the
Historical Void, it would be best to establish a friendly relationship with
“Them” and maintain it for a long time. Yes, if I were to summon Mr.
Azik’s projection, the chances of success will definitely be higher than
projecting other angels…
How is this a Beyonder power? This is obviously studies related to EQ,
Relationships, and Interpersonal Communication!
As he sighed with emotion, Klein sincerely felt that the core powers of a
Scholar of Yore were godly. After all, those that involved history and time
were most likely extremely magical.
However, in order to put it to use to its fullest potential, one had to have
sufficient intelligence, and also make the necessary preparations.
This was an unchanging requirement of the Seer pathway.
Yes, when summoning images from the Historical Void, there’s no way to
communicate with them. That is to say that a Scholar of Yore can’t interfere
with history and change the past. From the angle of acting, this can be
summarized as “witnessing fate, affecting the present, and the inability to
reverse the past…”
Apart from the ability to transfer a certain part of ailments, wounds, curses,
attacks, prophecies, and observations to Paper Figurine Substitutes, there’s
another power. It can transfer a certain part to the target. Before one
discovers that it’s fake, things can continue proceeding as per normal. Heh
heh, if anyone loses their heart while their brain remains active, I can give
them a paper heart for a short period of time. He will be able to obtain
strength from history to beat and circulate blood…
The time it takes to attain initial control of Spirit Body Threads has
shortened to two seconds, and completely transforming into a marionette
takes ten seconds. The maximum range for the two is 500 meters… By
controlling a marionette, the limit to swapping positions is five
kilometers…
Flame Jump is also five kilometers… I can freely control the might of Air
Cannon, and at its maximum might, it’s equivalent to a coastal defensive
cannon…
A creature that can transform into a physical form whose characteristics
have a difference that does not exceed a certain level. Some of the organs
created can be used, while others are only decorations…
Phew, this is a Scholar of Yore who has digested most of the potion… After
examining himself, Klein slowly stood up.
He planned on entering the world above the gray fog to check on the
changes in Sefirah Castle.