Chapter 1159

Validation
They won’t give blessings… Derrick was a little confused by this answer,
not fully comprehending it.
Back in the Afternoon Town camp, when he handed the Silver Knight
potion formula to Chief Colin Iliad, the other party had praised him for
making a huge contribution. He believed that the upper limit of the City of
Silver was no longer that of Sequence 4, and his tone didn’t reveal the need
to seek blessings from external sources.
Hence, Derrick had always believed that the Chief would be able to use the
two god-level Sealed Artifacts to complete the Silver Knight’s advancement
ritual. Now, it was inevitable that he was surprised.
Back then, the Chief didn’t know that the two god-level Sealed Artifacts
couldn’t provide blessings, and he only realized this problem when he
returned to the City of Silver? Derrick subconsciously made a guess and
didn’t ask further. He nodded heavily and said, “Alright, I will try my best
to help you seek blessings from a deity.”
Demon Hunter Colin exhaled silently and pointed at the door.
“There’s no one in the room opposite.”
Derrick turned around and passed through the corridor, entering the half-
open room.
Then, he took a seat and recited softly, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to this
era.
“The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.
“The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck…”
Inside Sefirah Castle, and hidden within the gray fog, the crimson star
representing The Sun rapidly expanded and contracted. It kept repeating the
process, producing rings of pleas.
And not far beside it, the crimson star representing The Magician remained
in the same state because of The Fool’s lack of a response. The circular
rings, ripples, and tremors that the two created intertwined and became
more intense.
Under the illumination of the bolts of lightning, Klein carried a leather
lantern and walked into the valley. He suddenly felt that the illusory pleas in
his ears became even more chaotic and louder.
However, he realized that he had heard it clearer than before. Not only
could he tell that the plea came from a woman and a man, but he could also
vaguely make out certain content: The woman seemed to mention “The
World” and “Backlund.” The man used Jotun, and the keyword seemed to
be “a ritual.”
Ritual, Jotun… That’s Little Sun… Uh, that Chief wishes to receive Mr.
Fool’s blessings? Mr. Fool also needs some blessings right now… The
woman might be Miss Magician, but I can’t rule out Miss Justice either…
The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched in embarrassment. He turned his
head to look at Amon in the pointed hat and monocle, and he said, “Can I
pop over to Sefirah Castle to answer a prayer?”
“What do you think?” Amon was taken aback as “He” asked in amusement.
“Since you want to play such a game, why won’t you let it be more
exciting?” In fact, Klein didn’t have any hope regarding his request. This
was because, as long as he could return to Sefirah Castle, he could use the
power there to make the first step in escaping from his predicament. This
was equivalent to getting Amon to just set him free.
The reason he mentioned this was because he wanted to use this to start the
subsequent topic.
Amon nudged the crystal monocle with his knuckle and chuckled.
“As the God of Mischief, I’ve been alive since the Third Epoch. I believe
you know what that means.
“Yes, what do you want to ask?”
…This is an accurate grasp of my state of mind and thoughts… Klein
sighed and asked, “Why did you parasitize the City of Silver’s exploration
team back then? You even patiently stayed in the dungeon for decades.”
Amon nodded and replied in a relaxed manner, “I had a premonition that
the City of Silver would obtain extremely important information. Now, this
prophecy has come true, right, Mr. Fool?”
…”He” did all of that just to wait for me and the Tarot Club? From the
looks of it, this Marauder pathway’s King of Angels can see the
disturbances in fate caused by Sefirah Castle to a certain extent… Klein had
never expected the answer, leaving him momentarily at a loss as to how to
continue the topic.
After about ten seconds, he sighed and said, “You’re really patient.”
“He” was a King of Angels who liked to play pranks; yet, “He” actually
stayed inside a dark dungeon without any sources of entertainment for
decades.
“This has nothing to do with patience. It didn’t take too much of my time,”
Amon casually replied.
…I’m still used to using a human’s standards when talking about a deity. To
Amon, who was born as a complete Mythical Creature, a few decades is
nothing. “He” might even be more than 3000 years old… Klein regulated
what he knew and asked again, “The City of Silver is one of the few places
that persist on believing in your father. Aren’t you going overboard with
what you did to the expedition team?”
This question didn’t seem to be necessary, but Klein believed that it would
aid him in understanding Amon’s thoughts and style, doing so in order to
see if there was anything that could be used.
Amon turned his head and glanced at him with his monocled right eye.
“He” said with an indifferent smile, “If it wasn’t for their faith in my father,
the City of Silver would’ve already been reduced to ruins.
“Heh heh, according to my observations, they’re hiding quite a significant
secret. As for what it is, because of the gaze directed by you and The
Hanged Man, I haven’t had the chance to pry into it.”
…A trueborn Mythical Creature. The deaths of just a few humans might be
equivalent to trampling a few ants to death. “He” wouldn’t take it to heart at
all… The City of Silver actually has a secret that even Amon thinks is a big
secret… What could it be? Klein thoughtfully changed the topic.
“Was Dark Angel Sasrir really created from your father’s rib?”
This was something that Klein had wanted to ask the entire time, but he
hadn’t found the opportunity to ask.
The smile on Amon’s face faded as “He” looked at the darkness in front of
“Him.”
“Yes, ‘He’ separated a portion of his characteristics and corresponding
negative personalities. ‘He’ used his rib as the material to create Dark Angel
Sasrir.
“If that wasn’t the case, how could a proud and arrogant person like Medici
obey the so-called Left Hand of God, the deputy of Heaven?
“Without Sasrir’s rebellion, implication, and influence, even if Evernight,
Earth, God of Combat, and the other Kings of Angels joined forces, it’s
impossible for my father to perish.”
Indeed… Dark Angel Sasrir is the most key factor in this matter… It’s no
wonder the Goddess wanted to bewitch “Him” at the very beginning…
Who would’ve thought that “He” would betray “Himself”? Klein’s initial
speculation of the battle of gods had been confirmed. He felt his Scholar of
Yore potion digest a little more.
He deliberately hesitated and made a guess:
“Could your father have foreseen such a development? Dark Angel Sasrir is
also the key to his resurrection?”
Amon suddenly laughed.
“You asked so many questions in order to further digest the Scholar of Yore
potion, right?”
“…” Klein pretended to break out in cold sweat, and he quickly adjusted his
state of mind.
“I’m just curious. What are you looking for in the Forsaken Land of the
Gods? What are you pursuing? The Marauder pathway Sequence 1
Beyonder characteristic that you’re missing isn’t here, nor is Sefirah Castle.
“Are you trying to revive your father?”
Amon maintained “His” smile and looked straight ahead.
“Yes, and no.
“My zealous brother is already very close to reviving my father. ‘He’
probably doesn’t need my help anymore.”
Adam really wants to revive the ancient sun god? I thought that “He” was
purely doing it for the sake of becoming a Sequence 0… Without hiding
anything, Klein called out the name of the Twilight Hermit Order’s leader.
He was even looking forward to Adam beating “His” younger brother up.
Of course, beating someone up wasn’t in line with the style of a King of
Angels of the Spectator pathway.
“There’s no need to mention ‘His’ name. ‘He’ won’t interfere with my
matters, nor will I interfere with ‘His.’ I don’t address ‘Him’ as Adam,
because I think that a nickname like ‘zealous’ is very suitable for ‘Him.’ I
have to say that Medici is very talented in giving nicknames. Also, even if I
say ‘His’ name, ‘He’ wouldn’t be able to hear it if I don’t wish for ‘Him’ to
hear it.” At this moment, the monocled Amon smiled as he exposed Klein’s
idea.
Following that, Klein didn’t mention the Dark Angel any further, because it
was obvious that Amon wouldn’t answer.
Before long, the man and angel walked out of the valley and saw a silent
city.
More than half of the buildings in this city had collapsed. The remaining
ones had a sharp roof, as though they were towers that led to heaven.
On the surface, dark red vines and plants grew, forming fruits whose
edibility was unknown.
After entering the city, he discovered that there were stone coffins placed in
front of each house. Inside were skeletons or recently rotted corpses.
A common point between them was them being greatly deformed. Some
had four legs; some had a slit in the middle of their eyebrows; some lacked
skin, directly revealing their flesh; some had arms wrapped around their
necks like tails.
“This was originally a city that believed in the Phoenix. Later, it converted
its target of faith to my father, but it retained some customs related to
death.” The monocled Amon, casually sized up his surroundings and said,
“After the Cataclysm, they were left behind in the Forsaken Land of the
Gods. However, there were no edible, relatively normal plants around them,
so they could only eat those corrupted monsters. Over generations, their
bodies began to produce defects and psychological problems. Eventually,
they were completely wiped out.”
The Cataclysm brought about by the Goddess’s assassination of the City of
Silver’s Creator really was a calamity for civilization… Before that, there
were elven, giant, phoenix civilizations, and so on. After that, all that’s left
are traces of them… When Klein thought of the city that had been
swallowed into the ground, he sighed.
In the history books, in mysticism, it was very apt to call that history: “The
Cataclysm.”
He paused for a moment before asking, “Why are we entering this city
instead of going around it?”
Amon smiled and said, “In the Second Epoch, apart from wielding the
Death pathway, the Phoenix Ancestor also occupied part of the Apprentice
pathway. Some of the decorations here can become a loophole that I can
make use of to shorten our journey to our final destination.”
Klein’s expression immediately darkened.