Chapter 988

Joint Operation
Emlyn couldn’t help but clasp his hands together, lift up his chin, and say to
Miss Magician diagonally opposite him, “I’ve already confirmed that the
ancient abandoned castle in Delaire Forest is an internal test that the
Sanguine had given me, having hidden the key situation.”
With that said, he felt as though a weight had been lifted off his chest. He
no longer felt as hesitant, embarrassed due to the difficult situation he was
in.
He surveyed the area and looked for Ma’am Hermit’s and Mr. Hanged
Man’s reaction. He realized that they appeared to have expected it, showing
no signs of surprise.
From the looks of it, they had already an idea when Miss Magician
mentioned the problem with the intel… Emlyn nodded his head in secret
and added before Miss Magician replied, “I’m very sorry. I will refund you
the 300 pounds for the intel fee. In addition, I’ll pay you another 300
pounds. Also, I will punish the Sanguine who deliberately omitted
information.”
Although Mr. Moon always wears a proud demeanor, he’s rather sincere
when a mistake has been made. He didn’t find an excuse to push the blame
onto… However, I’ve already obtained the ancient wraith’s cursed item and
remnant spirituality, so the matter is already over. He didn’t deliberately
wish to cause harm to me and Xio. There’s no need for me to get so much
compensation… Fors remembered Xio’s exhortations. Without looking at
her, she said, “It’s only a matter of oversight. There’s no need for
compensation. Just refunding me for the intel fee is sufficient.”
Just as she said that, she suddenly thought of something. Since the ancient
abandoned castle was a test of the Sanguine, didn’t that mean that Xio and
herself had been targeted by the Sanguine?
Fors finally couldn’t hold back as she turned to glance at Xio. She found
Miss Judgment shaking her head slightly, indicating that she hadn’t
discovered anyone monitoring them.
This… Fors felt puzzled and found it inexplicable.
She then allowed her thoughts to wander as she recalled the situation back
then.
We did the exploration only after quite a while. The Sanguine had already
lost their patience by then?
The boss of the town’s inn knew of the ancient abandoned castle. He was a
Sanguine in disguise? That’s not right. Many of the locals knew of this
matter. However, that place was too far away and there wasn’t anything of
value left inside. That’s why, unless one was out hunting, people usually
wouldn’t head in that direction…
That’s not right. If the ancient abandoned castle were that dangerous, why
are the people who use it for shelter from the rain completely fine? They
only describe it as creepy and a little scary? Yes, the Sanguine would
usually seal off the passage that heads underground. They opened it for the
test? This means that there was some form of monitoring…
Uh, because the ancient castle is too dangerous, the monitoring was done
outside the forest and not inside? As Xio and I got lost, we circled around
the monitors and weren’t detected?
Mr. Fool didn’t mention anything about it. It’s probably not a huge
problem… More attention needs to be taken when I return!
As Fors’s thoughts raced, Emlyn said after some pondering, “…Okay.”
He didn’t insist on additional compensation, because he believed that the
best form of compensation was to punish Ernes Boyar instead of giving
money.
Then, he waited for Miss Magician to ask about the punishment, hoping
that he could take the opportunity to make an inquiry to the other Tarot
Club members. He wanted to see if he could get any good suggestions.
As for Fors, upon considering that it was an internal matter for the Sanguine
and that although she was a victim, Mr. Moon hadn’t offered a plan for
action, she decided not to press further in consideration for his feelings.
Instead, she decided to wait for the conclusion to see if it was satisfactory.
The palace that looked like a giant’s residence turned silent as the mood
turned odd.
Audrey looked opposite her and glanced to the side. Pursing her lips, she
“curiously” asked, “Mr. Moon, how do you plan on punishing that
Sanguine?”
Phew… Emlyn silently exhaled as he subconsciously looked at The World.
“He did so because of orders from the higher-ups. I believe that this mistake
isn’t something that deserves payment with his life.”
In between the lines, Emlyn was implying that Mr. World didn’t need to
intervene in this matter. There was no need to escalate the matter.
Seeing The World having no objections, Emlyn cast his gaze forward.
“I plan on leading that Sanguine to a particular cathedral of the Church of
Earth Mother in Backlund.”
Having participated in so many Tarot Gatherings, even if he couldn’t be
concerned about certain details, he knew the requirement of hiding matters
regarding himself in the real world. Therefore, he didn’t mention the
Harvest Church.
The Church of Earth Mother only has one cathedral in all of Backlund.
That’s the Harvest Church! The rest are all in the outskirts and surroundings
villages… Leonard held back his laughter as he looked up at the dome
above.
“You wish to have the Beyonders of the Church of Earth Mother purify that
Sanguine?” Fors blurted out in surprise.
From her point of view, this was no different from directly killing the
person in question!
“Uh…” Emlyn was momentarily at a loss for words.
At that moment, Cattleya interrupted:
“The Church of Earth Mother has the habit of inducting the Sanguine into
the church, converting their faith and making them priests or bishops.”
I see… With thoughts in mind, Audrey glanced at Mr. Moon without letting
him notice it.
Getting that Sanguine to become a member of the clergyman, to pray daily
at the cathedral and do voluntary work, so as to cleanse the heart. He would
be stuck doing this for a very long period of time… Mr. Moon’s plan for
punishment is really vicious… However, I like it! That fellow nearly made
me and Xio turn into ancient wraiths due to the corruptive powers behind
the door… Fors instantly felt her interest piqued as she asked, “Mr. Moon,
how do you plan on luring the Sanguine into the cathedral of Earth Mother?
Have you worked out a plan? Perhaps I can provide some help. Uh, you
have to be careful. You mustn’t enter the cathedral of Earth Mother in order
to punish him. Th-that way, the only thing you can do is to request Mr. Fool
for help.”
Of course, that might be something Mr. Fool wishes to happen, allowing
“Him” to have someone on the inside of the Church of Earth Mother…
After saying that, Fors silently added. Upon hearing that, Leonard nearly
laughed out. He was extremely certain that Mr. Moon was the Harvest
Church’s Emlyn White. Clearly, this Sanguine was already a priest of Earth
Mother!
This is slightly akin to a drowning person pulling others in… Leonard held
back his laughter, glanced at The World, and he found that his former
colleague didn’t seem perturbed. He appeared extremely somber.
He couldn’t help but think, Is this the power of a Clown, or is it a state that
Klein is accustomed to?
At the end of the long mottled table, The Fool Klein nearly covered his
mouth.
He never expected Emlyn to be so creative!
This was a little like multi-level marketing, yet it’s a little different. After
all, it’s not necessarily a good thing for Emlyn to know of that… Klein
leaned back into his chair as he awaited the development with piqued
interest.
He had always kept in mind Miss Justice’s advice during his last treatment
session about not always wearing a thick mask. He tried his best to do so
when opportunities arose so as to maintain a healthy mental state.
Upon hearing Miss Magician’s words of concern, Emlyn felt even more
awkward because he went to the cathedral of Earth Mother several times a
day on a daily basis. He felt uncomfortable even if he skipped the
weekends.
He cleared his throat and said, “I temporarily do not have a thought-out
plan. I wish to get some suggestions from all of you. Yes, I hope that we do
not have too intense a battle. It’s difficult to ensure that the matter doesn’t
escalate, and I also do not wish for my identity to be directly exposed.
“Miss Magician, there are no problems regarding your participation, but we
will absolutely not be meeting each other.”
His idea of not directly exposing his identity meant that he didn’t mind that
Ernes Boyar and the other Sanguine could guess that he did it. It was a way
to instill shock and awe in them, but it was best that there wasn’t any
obvious evidence.
Fors tersely answered as she mimicked the other experienced members of
the Tarot Club.
“First, you need to tell us what Sequence that Sanguine is roughly at and
what he’s good at.”
Emlyn was already prepared as he answered, “It’s equivalent to Sequence 5.
He’s quite experienced and is good at creating the effects of the full
moon…”
Effects of the full moon? Fors was taken aback as she turned agape but was
unable to say a word.
After Emlyn finished the introduction, Fors said with a hollow chuckle, “I
recall that I have other matters to tend to. It might not be convenient for me
to participate in this matter.”
When in a state similar to the full moon, she would hear Mr. Door’s
ravings!
And this meant that she would instantly be heavily injured by the target,
losing all her combat strength! Emlyn frowned slightly, displeased with
Miss Magician’s sudden change in attitude.
At this moment, Xio, who had been listening silently, said, “I can
participate. I just need a portion of the spoils.”
Miss Judgment’s tone is very firm. It’s like she wants to exact vengeance…
Emlyn mumbled silently to himself and glanced at Ma’am Hermit and Mr.
Hanged Man, only to discover that they temporarily had no intention of
speaking. It appeared as though they wished to observe what kind of plan
the Backlund members of the Tarot Club could come up with.
As this involved her friends and how it could be the first mission that the
Tarot Club members would participate in at the same time, Audrey was
rather intrigued. After some observation, she said in deliberation, “I can
hypnotize that Sanguine, allowing him to enter the cathedral of Earth
Mother himself.
“However, to not expose ourselves and to ensure a high chance of success,
it’s best that he’s in a lost or half-dazed state while I hypnotize him. Mr.
Moon, can you do that?”
Emlyn was summarizing his powers and items to consider a solution when
Leonard suddenly laughed.
“That’s simple, but I’ll only be responsible for making that Sanguine
unconscious.
“Of course, the premise is that there’s sufficient intel, and it depends on
how we go about taking action.”
Just as he said that, Xio nodded and said, “I’m good at tracking and
investigation. You can leave intel matters to me.
“Alright. First, Mr. Moon will have to inform me of that Sanguine’s name,
address, and appearance.”
“Alright.” Emlyn heaved a sigh of relief before saying in a somewhat lost
manner, “Then what’s my part in all of this? Also, what kind of payment do
you want?”