Chapter 1096

: 1096 Cooperation
1096 Cooperation
At just past six in the morning, the entirety of Backlund remained dark. It
was very quiet, with most areas being illuminated only by the street lamps.
Wearing his pajamas, Klein sat on the bed and looked at Miss Messenger
who was carrying four heads. He rubbed his temples and asked helplessly,
“Who sent the letter?”
Why couldn’t he have a good night’s rest?
The three heads in Reinette Tinekerr’s hands replied one by one, “That…”
“Particular…” “Brainless…”
“Servant…” “Of…” “Yours…”
Danitz… He prayed in the middle of the night in the past, and now he’s
sending letters in the morning… Klein took a deep breath and slowly
exhaled. Following that, he received the letter from Miss Messenger.
When he opened it, his expression gradually turned solemn. This was
because Danitz’s and Anderson’s discovery of Vice Admiral Ailment
Tracy’s location was extremely untimely.
According to Klein’s deductions, it wouldn’t take long for the pirate admiral
and Demoness of White Katarina to regain their “freedom.” They wouldn’t
be hiding much, making it easier to find them. Now that they had dealt with
the intelligence peddler, Bartz, and obtained the items to contact Tracy from
him, the greatest possibility was that they had frightened the target and
made her continue hiding.
Of course, Klein could seek the help of Queen Mystic Bernadette to find a
way to lock onto Vice Admiral Ailment through the mirror. However, the
problem was that he suspected that the target’s hiding place was an
important stronghold of the Demoness Sect. It might even be the
headquarters where there were Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts. This way, even if
he had confirmed the whereabouts of Tracy, he wouldn’t dare to “Teleport”
over to capture her. Hence, any contact would alert the pirate admiral.
And if he didn’t take the opportunity to contact her, regardless of whether
Bartz was dead or alive, the news would spread after daybreak. Similarly,
Tracy would be on guard.
Seriously… However, this is also because Anderson and Danitz don’t know
the truth. They don’t know the changes in the situation of the Loen
Kingdom… After some thought, he said to Miss Messenger who was
waiting by the side, “Wait for me. I’ll write a reply.”
He had originally planned to “Teleport” over directly to decide what to do
next, but after some consideration, he still chose to write a letter.
Although he believed that Zaratul wouldn’t waste time on an obvious “bait”
like Danitz, he still felt that he had to be more careful. If Zaratul didn’t do
so, it didn’t mean that the members of the Secret Order under “Him” would
do the same. Such a huge secret organization definitely had a few demigods
at the saint level. Once he got entangled by the other party, it would be a
huge problem.
“Alright.” The head carried by Reinette Tinekerr that had failed to speak
previously rushed to answer first.
Klein got out of bed, walked out of the bedroom, and came to the room
outside. He took out a pen and paper and wrote fluidly:
“Think of a way to make Bartz faint until dawn.
Then, leave his room immediately and stay far away. There is a great
danger lurking there.
“Monitor Bartz again when daybreak arrives, but don’t alarm him.”
The so-called danger was a half-truth, and his main goal was to get
Anderson and Danitz to leave the scene, so as to draw away any possible
spying.
Putting down the pen and looking through it again, he folded the letter and
handed it to his messenger, Reinette Tinekerr, who had followed him out.
At 3:10 a.m. in the Berserk Sea, Theros Island, Bartz’s room.
Danitz had just finished clearing the altar and wiping away the traces when
he saw the terrifying messenger with four heads return.
Gehrman Sparrow actually didn’t come… Danitz reached out to receive the
letter in surprise, then he took out a gold coin for the messenger.
After the figure with four heads and dark, complicated long dress
disappeared into the void, he opened the letter and quickly read through it.
T-there’s danger! Danitz’s pupils dilated as he rushed towards the door as if
he had been burned in the ass.
After leaving the room, he said to Anderson, who was standing in the
corridor with his back against the wall with an unlit cigarette in his mouth,
“Quick, let’s go. It’s very dangerous here!”
“…Did Gehrman Sparrow say that?” Anderson was taken aback as he asked
thoughtfully.
“Yes, how do you know? Couldn’t it be that I discovered something?”
Danitz replied instinctively.
“You? Heh.” Anderson chuckled and asked rather relaxed, “What else did
he say?”
“Aren’t you nervous? Gehrman Sparrow is very reliable on such matters.”
Danitz’s focus was completely off.
Anderson fell silent for a moment before saying, “His messenger is more
reliable. At least, within the few minutes of his messenger’s return trip,
there won’t be any danger here.”
If there really was any “danger” lurking here, they would silently shrink
back when they saw the messenger.
Danitz originally wanted to reply that it may seem so in terms of her image,
but for some reason, he instinctively gave up on that sentence.
He switched to saying, “Gehrman Sparrow also said to let Bartz pass out
until dawn so that we can monitor him again when the sun rises without
exposing ourselves.”
Anderson frowned. “What does he want to do? There won’t be any latent
dangers anymore once the sun rises?”
Without waiting for Danitz to respond, the Strongest Hunter of the Fog Sea
turned around and entered the room. He took out a small metal bottle he
carried with him and pulled out the stopper. He placed it at the tip of Bartz’s
nose and moved it back and forth.
“It’s done. Let’s go.” Anderson didn’t hide his curiosity as he surveyed the
area before leading Danitz out of Bartz’s room and walked far into the
distance.
Backlund, Empress Borough, Inside the Hall family’s luxurious mansion.
At 7:25 a.m., Audrey suddenly woke up from her dream.
She dreamed of the boundless gray fog and dreamed of The World
Gehrman Sparrow asking her to help hypnotize someone, making the target
forget everything that had happened in the past six hours, as well as all the
people who asked about a particular secret island.
This is something that can be used as contributions needed for the
Manipulator potion formula and Beyonder characteristic… Also, Mr. World
said that he would donate 7,000 pounds for the war efforts… Audrey got off
the bed very lightly and put a teal cloak over her white nightgown.
Following that, she followed Gehrman Sparrow’s instructions and set up a
ritual, praying for Mr. Fool’s bestowment.
The illusory door quickly took shape and opened, sending three items flying
out and landing on the altar.
One of them was a thin human-skinned glove, the other was the “instruction
manual” on a piece of paper, and the other was a neat stack of cash that
wasn’t tied up.
This is Creeping Hunger? Audrey scrutinized the altar and thanked Mr.
Fool.
Then, she put on the glove and, according to the “instruction manual,”
activated the spirit of the Traveler.
When the glove turned transparent, the twelve sacred angels with fiery
wings suddenly appeared in front of her.
This is the Angel’s Embrace that Mr. World has requested? Its effect is to
interfere with divination and prophecy powers at the scene, so as to ensure
that my identity won’t be exposed? Audrey’s eyes darted around as she
changed the Lie accessory which she had already prepared into a silver
mask, and she wore it on her face.
Following that, she followed the coordinates given by The World Gehrman
Sparrow and began the “Teleportation” step.
During this process, the strange scenery of the spirit world and all kinds of
strange creatures left a deep impression on her. However, before she could
carefully observe them, she arrived at her destination. She saw that the
colors were saturated, and the stacked scenes rapidly faded away, becoming
normal. It was still late at night outside.
It feels like I’ve recovered my feelings and mood from when I first entered
the mysterious world… Audrey analyzed her mental state and focused her
attention on the target lying on the floor in the room she was in.
It was an unconscious man. The door to his Body of Heart and Mind was
rather weak, meaning that he was someone who could easily be charmed,
even if it didn’t involve Beyonder powers.
Hypnotizing such a target wasn’t difficult for Audrey. However, in order to
digest the potion, she decided to use dreams to help with the “Hypnosis.”
The unconscious Bartz had a dream. He dreamed of a blurry female figure.
In his dream, he believed that she was the most beautiful woman in the
world, a perfect state that Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy could achieve.
Bartz wildly chased her as he ran back and forth in the wilderness, hills, and
mountains. However, he couldn’t catch up to her, as though he had left
behind something very important.
After an unknown period of time, he woke up from exhaustion and slowly
recalled what had happened last night. He was in a bad mood because of
him losing money. He had fallen drunk after drinking only half a bottle of
Lanti Proof. Up to now, his temples were still throbbing in pain.
I even knocked the back of my head… Bartz rubbed the swollen area and
lumbered back to the bed. He fell into it and continued sleeping.
And for Audrey who had completed a milder form of hypnosis with the
Dreamwalker’s powers, she had long followed The World Gehrman
Sparrow’s instructions and restored the scene completely, leaving nothing
suspicious behind.
This was the ability of a senior Spectator.
Then, she “Teleported” back to Backlund and sacrificed Creeping Hunger
to Mr. Fool.
The entire process didn’t cause much of a stir. The Church of Evernight
Beyonders in charge of protecting the Hall family were completely
unaware.
After dealing with all kinds of traces, Audrey pulled a bell and let the
maidservants waiting outside enter.
Her personal maidservant, Annie, gestured for the other maidservants to get
busy as she said to Audrey, “Miss, there’s a piece of news from the bursary
foundation.”
“What news?” Audrey interpreted the shock, confusion, disbelief, joy, and
curiosity in Annie’s tone.
Annie replied quickly, “That Miss Eudora who needed to have her leg
amputated has completely recovered. It’s as though she was never injured.
This… this is a medical miracle!”
Audrey was similarly stunned. She had some guesses, but she didn’t dare to
confirm them. She lacked sufficient clues and evidence.
“Also, all the patients with serious medical conditions have fully
recovered!” At this point, Annie couldn’t control herself. She lowered her
voice and said, “I heard that there was a ghost wandering around. Half of its
face had mushrooms growing all over, and the other half was covered in
weeds. It ate illnesses, trauma, and grief. I don’t know if it’s true, but it’s
scary.”
“Mushroom… Weeds…” Audrey repeated the two words, momentarily at a
loss.