Chapter 1203

Harves
In the ancient palace above the fog.
Dark red starlight shot up, forming several figures.
Leonard did a casual glance, and his gaze suddenly froze on the silver-black
jewelry box placed on the long mottled table.
If he recalled correctly, this was likely a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, the Box of
the Great Old Ones that The World Klein Moretti had specially emphasized
during the prior private gathering.
The Saint of Secrets was really in control of this Grade 0 Sealed Artifact?
And he even used it? Yet, Ma’am Hermit and Miss Justice succeeded?
Leonard’s pupils dilated slightly as he nearly couldn’t believe his eyes.
As an official Beyonder, a Red Glove captain of the Church of Evernight,
he knew Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts very well. He knew that these items could
easily destroy a city, causing people to suddenly die without putting up any
resistance. When facing them, not only was contact with them impossible,
but even understanding them was something that should be reduced if
possible.
Leonard originally believed that Ma’am Hermit and Miss Justice would
leave the battlefield according to the plan after encountering a Grade 0
Sealed Artifact. They would then think of a way to rescue Miss Magician.
To his surprise, they had succeeded, and had even retrieved the Grade 0
Sealed Artifact!
Ma’am Hermit’s Mystical Re-enactment has reached such a high level? Did
the “Feast of Betrayal” she mentioned really make the Sealed Artifact
rebel? Or could it be that Mr. Fool had provided some help? Leonard
muttered silently as he glanced at The World Klein Moretti who was seated
at the bottom end of the long bronze table. He discovered that his former
colleague was rather calm.
Klein surveyed the area and said, “Congratulations, everyone. The hunt this
time was very successful.
“All the spoils of war are here.”
As he spoke, he raised his right hand, condensing various bits of mysterious
knowledge into a pale white luster. He also included a small number of
legends that came from the East, such as Peach Blossom Spring, and
Lanke’s Go Match. He wanted Ma’am Hermit to test if they were mystical
or not, and whether there was any real source.
“Ma’am, this is your reward.” The World Klein made the pale white light
fly towards The Hermit Cattleya. Then, he pointed at the Box of the Great
Old Ones, the Secrets Sorcerer’s Beyonder characteristic, the Traveler’s
Luggage, Botis’s eyeballs, nine Worms of Star, large amounts of gems and
materials on the table. “In addition, you have the right to choose first.”
After the battle at the demigod level with the Saint of Secrets, Cattleya
finally found the bearing and confidence of a saint. She first received the
pale white glow and closed her eyes to digest the mysterious knowledge
contained within.
In the Second Epoch, the ancient gods believed that the original Creator,
The Oldest One, left some objects behind. Perhaps it was a “kingdom”
formed from a portion of “His” body or something that “He” created…
There are nine of these that contain the various sefirot. They are the Chaos
Sea, Sefirah Castle, River of Eternal Darkness, Knowledge Moor,
Tenebrous World, Brood Hive, Nation of Disorder, City of Calamity, and
the Key of Light…
The ancient sun god came from a place known as Chernobyl…
The Marauder pathway’s Sequence 0 is called Error…
Emperor Roselle’s fairytales might have originated from something that
happened before…
…
As the mysticism knowledge resonated in her, Cattleya couldn’t help but
open her eyes and look at The World Gehrman Sparrow.
There were too many things inside that shocked her, making her realize that
she had opened the door to a whole new world!
I never thought of Mr. Fool’s origins in the past. Now, I can vaguely grasp
it… A thought flashed through Cattleya’s mind as she had a guess.
She immediately controlled herself. She didn’t want to think too much, nor
did she dare to think too deeply about it.
She was afraid that she would come up with an answer that was enough to
make her lose control.
This is one of the nine sefirot. Mr. Fool’s goal is to gather all the sefirot and
attempt to recover…
Raising her right hand, she nudged her heavy glasses on her nose bridge.
Cattleya forced herself to focus her attention on the small “tales” and
decided to return to the real world to completely digest the potion before
she attempted to create magic with them, allowing her to draw on their
power using Mystical Re-enactment.
Of course, she also believed that not every one of them would succeed. She
believed that a portion of those stories were purely fabricated. After all, this
was a gift from Mr. World. There was no guarantee that they would be
effective. After all, out of the many fairytales and ancient legends that
Emperor Roselle recounted to Queen Mystic back then, only a few of them
truly produced magic.
She took a few seconds to compose herself and cast her gaze to the middle
of the long mottled table, preparing to choose her spoil of war.
Without a doubt, the most eye-catching item was the Box of the Great Old
Ones labeled “0-61.” The silver-black jewelry box embedded with many
gems completely overshadowed all the other items.
Cattleya wasn’t too unfamiliar with Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, because
Queen Mystic had more than one. It was also because of this reason that the
Queen’s Element Dawn was able to compete with the ancient organization,
Moses Ascetic Order, that had been born in the early Fourth Epoch.
The gap between an angel and a saint was not something the magic of a
powerful fairy tale could make up for.
To become a truly powerful figure, one had to advance to Sequence 2 or
possess a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact. It wasn’t that Cattleya didn’t have any
desire for the Box of the Great Old Ones, but when she thought of the hint
that The World Gehrman Sparrow had received from Mr. Fool, the
terrifying negative effects, the third level’s extreme danger, and most of the
Beyonder powers that she couldn’t control, she felt a sense of horror.
Although she had “Brief Luck,” she still lacked the ability to seal the Box
of the Great Old Ones so far.
After a series of intense struggles, The Hermit Cattleya pointed at the
dreamy crystal and said, “I want the Secrets Sorcerer’s Beyonder
characteristic.”
If they could find a suitable High-Sequence Artisan, it could be transformed
into a rather good Sealed Artifact, one that had barely acceptable negative
effects. Queen Mystic Bernadette happened to have the resources to do so,
but the commission might not necessarily succeed.
In the end, even if there’s only “Teleportation,” that will be enough.
However, it’s obvious that a Secrets Sorcerer wouldn’t only be able to grasp
Teleportation… Even if the negative effects are excessive, I can get Queen
Mystic to shatter and try again, or I could sell it to Miss Magician… Yes,
she said that her teacher would prepare the ingredients for her… Following
that, Cattleya nodded at The World Gehrman Sparrow to confirm her
choice.
Choosing the Secrets Sorcerer’s Beyonder characteristic? Upon hearing
Ma’am Hermit’s reply, a scene appeared in Klein’s mind.
Wearing a purple-patterned black robe, the lady wearing a dark-colored
hood relied on “Blink” to leave behind many doppelgangers. Then, they
would all ignite a match at the same time.
…The Little Match Girl will turn into countless witches selling
matchsticks… This is a horrifying fairytale… The World Klein couldn’t
help but twitch the corners of his mouth as he tersely acknowledged.
“Alright, it’s your right.”
He then cast his gaze at Miss Magician.
“It’s your turn to choose.”
“I-I didn’t do anything…” Fors said guiltily.
Klein scoffed and said, “You successfully acted as bait.”
“…” Fors didn’t know what expression she should use to respond, but she
heard Mr. Star seemingly laugh.
She slowly took a deep breath and cast her gaze at the spoils of war on the
long bronze table.
Frankly speaking, she wanted to choose the Box of the Great Old Ones
because it was an item that her teacher’s family had snatched away.
She didn’t want to use it herself; she wanted to return it to her teacher
directly.
However, considering that she was only bait, Fors felt that she was not
qualified to take an item of this level.
Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts were extremely rare, precious, and dangerous. She
had already gained a deep impression of them with Mr. Star’s introduction.
She knew that the value of the Box of the Great Old Ones was definitely not
something a saint’s Beyonder characteristic could compare with.
With this in mind, she chose under The World Gehrman Sparrow’s watch.
Fors finally gave up the impulse and pointed at the pair of eyeballs.
“I’ll take them.”
She wanted to bring the pair of eyes to her teacher and tell him that Botis
was dead. It was an end to all the hatred.
In addition to such a value of the item, Botis’s eye could be made into a
powerful hex item or be used as a medium for a curse. It was considered a
pretty good item.
Klein nodded slightly and did not persuade her. He only pointed at the
gems, materials, and the Worms of Star and said calmly, “You also paid the
price of a Moon Paper Figurine, you can choose something to make up for
it.”
“Alright.” Fors reflexively agreed.
As the Apprentice pathway needed gems for several charms and rituals and
could still be appreciated normally, Fors took a portion of the gems and
waited for the bestowment ceremony to obtain them.
With that, Klein shifted his gaze and said to Miss Judgment, “It’s your
turn.”
Xio also knew that she had not contributed much, and she knew that she
had no ability to withstand the negative effects of the Box of the Great Old
Ones, so she didn’t even take a look at 0-61 and pointed to the black pocket.
“I’ll choose Traveler’s Bag.”
This way, she could carry heavy weapons with her and might even be able
to pull out a cannon at a critical moment.
As for the problem of strengthening the hidden space after a period of time,
she had also considered it. After all, she could still use it for about a year for
the time being. In the future, she could rent a Sealed Artifact from Ma’am
Hermit to maintain it. Furthermore, at that time, Fors might have already
become a Secrets Sorcerer.
The World Klein nodded and looked at The Star Leonard.
“It’s your turn.”
Leonard did not stand on ceremony. He scanned the area and tapped a few
times.
“Three Worms of Star, twenty gems, and those ingredients.”
This feels like I’m paying “protection fees” to the official organizations…
After lampooning his dear poet, Klein turned to Miss Justice and said, “The
mission was very successful and I’m very satisfied. Although you have
already received your payment, you can still choose a little more.”
Audrey could decipher the sincerity of Mr. World’s words. Without any
excuses, she chose a Worm of Star and a third of the spiritual materials.
At this point, as the mission’s commissioner, The World Gehrman Sparrow
had obtained five Worms of Star, a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, a third of the
spiritual materials, and nearly thirty high-quality gems.
He smiled and looked at Fors.
“Remember to tell your teacher about this. Just say that this is a gesture of
my goodwill. And I want to make a deal with him.”