Chapter 963

: Problem with Intelligence
According to what Leonard knew, amongst the major noble families of the
Fourth Epoch’s Tudor Empire, the Abraham family was ranked first. It was
even stronger than the Amon family who had the Blasphemer. Of course, he
couldn’t be certain if the Amon family didn’t have any members—that it
was all filled with the son of god’s avatars.
Miss Magician is actually an important member of the Abraham family…
Everyone here isn’t to be trifled with… Is this what’s called a gathering of
protagonists? Leonard first sighed before he made a self-deprecating
comment.
Derrick didn’t say a word, nor did he make any connections. He seriously
listened to Mr. World’s description, as well as the conversation between the
two ladies—The Magician and The Hermit-before keeping them to heart.
To him, the other members were in the outside world. Regardless of what
happened, it had little to do with him or the City of Silver. Only matters
regarding the King of Angels was something to be concerned about. After
all, be it the Angel of Fate Ouroboros, the Dark Angel Sasrir, and Red
Angel Medici, they had left traces around the City of Silver. As for the
Angel of Time, Amon, he had personally visited it before, bringing about
inexplicable horror.
After everyone quietened down, Derrick couldn’t help but consider certain
matters.
Any mention of it will be known… How should I inform the Chief about
such matters? Or is it fine not saying it for the time being? I’ll just mention
that Amon is a son of the Creator, that “He” has another brother who’s of
the same pathway as the Dragon of Imagination…
If the City of Silver were to encounter an overwhelming disaster, would
Adam be able to hear it if I said “His” name? Can “He” enter the Forsaken
Land of the Gods?
With this in mind, Derrick instantly felt somewhat ashamed. This was
because, in such situations, the honorific name he should chant was Mr.
Fool’s.
At this moment, The World spoke again: “Although War Angel Medici has
long perished, ‘He’ isn’t completely dead. The soul ‘He’ left behind has
fused with the souls of the ancestors of the two major families of Sauron
and Einhorn, forming an evil spirit. During the death of Ince Zangwill, there
were traces of its appearance.”
Klein had specially brought up this point to firstly pass this information to
the Church of Evernight via Leonard. Secondly, it was to remind The
Hanged Man to take note. After all, he had been to Bansy twice, possibly
embroiling himself with the Red Angel evil spirit’s fate.
That evil spirit was War Angel Medici? While Leonard was feeling
alarmed, he was taken aback. He had just guessed that Adam wasn’t the
only bigwig who had been present!
Later, setting off from the titles of War Angel and Angel of Imagination, he
suspected that the evil spirit was a King of Angels in its former life.
And such an evil spirit had been sent to the Underworld without putting up
any resistance under the influence of the Luck Siphon charm!
Old Man’s level is higher than I previously imagined… Yes, the evil spirit
must’ve been weakened by Adam, and perhaps even by Mr. Fool, before
Ma’am Daly and I arrived. Otherwise, it’s not an enemy we could’ve
handled… Right, what was Adam doing back then? There wasn’t any sign
of “Him” during the entire battle… Could it be that there was another figure
at the level of a King of Angels holding back Adam? Leonard felt
tumultuous waves swishing through his heart as he forgot to observe the
reactions of the other members.
War Angel Medici… “He” perished and became an evil spirit… Bansy was
the place “His” descendants lived… “He” was one of the founders of Rose
Redemption… Alger quickly linked up the pieces of information and
learned many new things.
That mural I saw in the Bansy Harbor telegraph office must’ve been drawn
by that evil spirit!
The World Gehrman Sparrow had gotten me to head to Bansy Harbor to
search for traces in order to grasp that terrifying evil spirit’s location. It was
to prevent his subsequent plans from being disrupted.
Thankfully, I didn’t destroy that mural. Otherwise, I might’ve caught the
notice of the evil spirit…
While Alger sighed in relief, he felt increasingly alert. He planned on
getting the Blue Avenger to leave Bansy Harbor and head for the northern
front of the Sonia Sea to investigate the matter Mr. Fool had previously
given him.
Audrey, Cattleya, and the other members listened attentively as they kept it
in mind without making too many connections. This was because the matter
The World was describing contained information that mostly consisted of
key and rich points. And lacking the additional experiences and knowledge,
they were unable to expand on the matter.
After sharing the information that everyone needed to take note of, The
World chuckled hoarsely.
“That’s about it.”
After a brief silence, Emlyn straightened his back and looked ahead.
“An important figure from my kind will arrive in Backlund, and a meeting
with me has been arranged.”
After a pause, and seeing how no one responded, he cleared his throat and
asked, “How should I deal with ‘Him?”
“Him”… Another angel… Leonard felt numb as he noticed something: Mr.
Moon had mentioned the concept of his “kind,” and he had red eyes.
Leonard was taken aback as he thought to himself, He’s a Sanguine?
Sanguine… Don’t tell me he’s Emlyn White from the Harvest Church? He
had been close to Klein’s identity as a detective!
Leonard couldn’t help but look at The Moon’s side profile and figure a few
more times. The more Leonard looked at him, the more familiar he
appeared. He was almost certain.
Without any doubts, Emlyn noticed The Star sizing him up, just as Audrey
was surprised and excited to confirm that Mr. Star had suddenly realized he
knew Mr. Moon.
Did I say something wrong? That fellow, The Star, looks somewhat
astonished… He knows me in the real world? Do I know him? A series of
thoughts flashed through Emlyn’s mind as he subconsciously sniffed, trying
to catch the scent of the new member beside him; however, the gray fog
ensured that he failed.
As he surveyed the area and waited for The Hanged Man, The Hermit, and
The World to provide him with an analysis and suggestion, he tried hard to
recall if he had met someone like The Star.
Gradually, he felt a sense of familiarity, but he couldn’t recall who it was
due to the superficial impression the person left on him.
At this point, Audrey recalled another problem:
Mr. World and Mr. Star know each other, and Mr. Star knows Mr. Moon.
Then, does Mr. World know Mr. Moon?
She subconsciously sized up the person at the lower end of the long bronze
table, but she failed to “read” anything of use from The World Gehrman
Sparrow.
As for Alger, he turned to look at The Moon after a few seconds of thought.
He said with some deliberation, “Mr. Fool just mentioned that the times are
changing. Although the important members of the Sanguine might not know
of the ins and outs, at their level, they will more or less sense something and
make preparations.
“The reason that this important figure wishes to meet you is both a probing
action and surveillance. You just need to act as you usually do, but there
will subsequently be some tests and missions.”
As I imagined. A second test and mission will begin. I wonder what
revelation the Ancestor has given… Emlyn nodded and said to The Hanged
Man, “Thank you.”
With the question answered, Fors, who had been holding back all this
while, finally spoke:
“Mr. Moon, the intelligence you gave me regarding the abandoned ancient
castle was highly problematic.
“There were two ancient wraiths, but in the underground area was a door.
Sealed behind the door is a powerful corruptive power. As long as one
enters the region where the ancient wraiths are, they will be corrupted.”
This… Emlyn frowned slightly.
He wasn’t enraged, and he instead felt that her description was completely
right.
If the person who had provided the intelligence knew that there were two
ancient wraiths, he wouldn’t have ignored that door!
As a cultured and noble Sanguine, Emlyn never wished for anyone to incur
any losses or harm because of his mistakes or neglect. He was rather
perturbed by this as he thought and solemnly said, “I will investigate the
source and provide you with an answer.”
As Fors had returned safely, she didn’t mind it too much. She tersely
answered, indicating that she was awaiting the outcome.
As for being saved by Mr. Fool, with it happening once a month or even
twice a month, she had already lost count. She was prepared to do anything
Mr. Fool instructed her to do in the future.
After they finished their conversation, Audrey was somewhat concerned.
She asked out of curiosity, “Do you know what brought about that
corruptive force?”
Fors shook her head.
“I don’t know.”
With Mr. Fool not sharing any information, and how she didn’t have any
Roselle diary entries to exchange for the answer to the Card of Blasphemy,
Audrey retracted her gaze and attentively listened to the conversation of the
other members.
After a while, the learning segment came to an end as the Tarot Club drew
to a close. The members stood up and bowed at the existence at the end of
the long bronze table to bid “Him” farewell.
This time, Leonard didn’t appear too slow.
The dark red light dissipated as he returned to the real world. In front of
him was a Red Glove he hadn’t worn.
At this moment, a slightly-aged voice suddenly sounded in his mind:
“Whose dream did you enter a moment ago?”
Old Man has woken up… Leonard was first delighted before he heaved a
sigh of relief.
He didn’t immediately answer Pallez Zoroast as he deliberated over an
answer.
“Say, it is possible that, at certain times, Dwayne Dantès is Azik Eggers
who’s disguised using some particular item?”
After learning that Dwayne Dantès was a shared identity, he began doubting
Old Man’s original theory. This was because this Parasite had came to a
conclusion based on the different appearances and auras of Azik Eggers and
Dwayne Dantès. Furthermore, not every one of Mr. Fool’s Blessed looked
identical to Dwayne Dantès, nor were every one of them Beyonders of the
Seer pathway; therefore, since a shared identity was needed, it meant that
they wielded a mystical item or Sealed Artifact that allowed them to
transform into someone else. Together with the ancient aura of being a
Blessed causing some interference, it wasn’t impossible for an angel to
make an error in judgment.
Pallez Zoroast fell silent for two seconds before saying, “You reminded me.
Azik Eggers does have a mask that allows ‘Him’ to transform into anyone.”