Chapter 572

: Recite My Name
After a series of chores, Klein opened his locked bedroom door and looked
into the living room. He saw Danitz sleeping soundly on a reclining chair.
Although he had long heard it, Klein couldn’t help but lampoon.
It’s not even four in the afternoon!
Has this guy completely let his hair down now that he doesn’t need to
monitor the radio transceiver?
With a thought, he gradually smiled, feeling that this was exactly what he
needed.
The premise of him maintaining his lucidity in dreams had involved
someone invading his consciousness. Typically, his dreams were a turbid
mess, which meant that he alone wasn’t able to complete the experiment.
After all, he couldn’t plant a psychological cue on himself.
Therefore, he planned on using external forces to enter the dreams of
others. This way, he could maintain his lucidity like a Nightmare.
He originally planned on heading out to find a suitable target, but Danitz’s
posture was in such a perfect state that he could hardly stop himself from
kicking him.
No, I should be experimenting… Klein corrected his thoughts.
He contemplated for a moment and didn’t use a Dream Charm. As a
Sequence 7 Pyromaniac, with the ancient name being Fire Mage, Danitz’s
spiritual perception wasn’t to be written off. Once he softly chanted an
incantation that could stir the powers of nature, Danitz would definitely be
awoken.
As such, it would be a question of whether he could evade the matter in a
timely fashion.
After some deliberation, Klein took out another thing he had prepared. It
was a gem-like object that seemed dark and deep; it was the Beyonder
characteristic left behind by a Nightmare.
It could be used to a certain extent, just like Nimblewright Master Rosago’s
All-Black Eye. However, the effects were inferior to one that was from a
mystical item. For example, this Nightmare Beyonder characteristic didn’t
allow Klein to pass through the dreams of someone across the city from his
inn’s suite, nor was he able to forcefully pull people into a dream. However,
it was still simple enough to perform the most basic form of intruding into
someone’s dream at a close distance.
Klein held the dark “gem” and spread out his spirituality.
The illusory darkness rapidly spread before his eyes, filling his vision.
Everything before his eyes were blanketed over, including Danitz.
There was no longer a humanoid figure but an ellipsoidal blob of light.
Klein immediately extended his spirituality out and made contact with it.
Without any warning, various scenes flooded his surroundings as they
flashed rapidly. Finally, it came to stop on a ship that was dozens of meters
long. It had a smoke-churning chimney and large sails that were fully
raised. The deck was polished abnormally bright, shimmering with the
glimmer of a gold coin when sunlight hit it.
Danitz stood under the main cannon as he had his arms crossed. He was
leisurely rushing the sailors, shouting from time to time, “Scrub that area
again!
“Dogsh*t, do you wish to copy down the ancient Feysac dictionary?”
This fellow is quite impressive on the Golden Dream… Klein ignored the
owner of the dream and flew to the other end of the ship. He found a hidden
spot and landed on the deck before preparing to test his spiritual perception.
What he planned on experimenting on was simple. He wanted to know if
chanting The Fool’s honorific name in a dream was effective. He wanted to
know if he could sense someone praying!
This way, if Miss Justice encounters danger in the sea of collective
subconscious, she can use this method to seek help… After stretching his
back, Klein’s expression gradually turned solemn as he softly said, “The
Fool that doesn’t belong to this era.
“The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.
“The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.”
…
With the words in Hermes being spoken, he very quickly finished reciting
The Fool’s honorific name. However, Klein didn’t hear the series of illusory
pleas.
It doesn’t work? Klein frowned in thought. He analyzed whether it was
really impossible, or if he had made a mistake somewhere.
Yes… Chanting in the dream doesn’t actually produce any noise. Relying
on Hermes alone isn’t sufficient… To achieve the effects of praying, I’ll
have to use a language like ancient Hermes that can stir the powers of
nature. This is the same state as me copying the account password of my
anonymous account… Klein nodded slightly and began to chant his
honorific name in ancient Hermes.
He wasn’t afraid that there would be an accident, but that his stirring of the
powers of nature would wake Blazing Danitz from his sleep.
He recited each word, quickly finishing the three sentences. Following that,
Klein heard the stacked series of irritable and illusory pleas.
At that moment, Danitz’s dream quivered as the Golden Dream quickly
disintegrated.
Klein didn’t stay any longer and immediately left. He returned back to his
bedroom before Danitz woke up.
After seven to eight seconds, Danitz sat up in a daze as he muttered to
himself in fear, Why did I dream of that madman Gehrman Sparrow causing
trouble on the Golden Dream…
What a terrifying matter!
Dogsh*t! It must be the result of me worrying over this matter all this time!
Inside the bedroom, Klein had already taken four steps counterclockwise
and gone above the gray fog. Without any surprises, he saw a rippling light
by The Fool’s high-back chair. In it was the scene of him in the dream.
It really works. One can still receive a response when chanting The Fool’s
honorific name in languages such as ancient Hermes or Jotun! It’s no
wonder some people might suddenly die in their sleep despite not doing a
thing. They might be reading some materials or had memorized certain
symbols in the day and accidentally replicated them in the dream? The
danger in this world really cannot be prevented… Klein dispelled the
rippling light and considered if he should inform Miss Justice of the results
of the experiment.
To only inform her later instead of saying it on the spot is a little damaging
to The Fool’s image… But Miss Justice is the kind of girl with a huge sense
of curiosity. Although she has been warned by Mr. Hanged Man and
Admiral of Stars, and even if she’s a little more mature now, there’s still the
chance of her taking risks… Of course, if anything were to happen, it’s on
herself and it has nothing to do with me… Klein couldn’t help but recall
Miss Justice’s adoration of The Fool and the thought of her optimism and
cheerfulness that brought him happiness, as well as her contributions
towards the Tarot Club all this time.
Finally, he sighed and said in a self-deprecating manner, “I still need to
inform her and give a warning.
“This is the treatment a VIP gets…”
After making the decision, Klein didn’t hesitate to spread out his spirituality
to touch the crimson star representing Miss Justice.
…
In a room of the huge manor in East Chester County.
Audrey had her legs leaning sideways as she sat before her dressing table.
She was recalling the words Mr. Hanged Man and Ma’am Hermit had said.
After being warned by two senior Beyonders, she suddenly realized
something. It wasn’t that the mid- and upper-echelons of the Psychology
Alchemists wasn’t aware that one could explore dreams, the icy mountain
of the subconscious, and the sea of collective subconscious by using a self-
induced psychological cue.
The reason why they didn’t tell me anything is because it’s too dangerous
for a Psychiatrist. Many people have already died in such explorations…
But they should warn me… Ah, right. From their point of view, I’m only a
Sequence 8 Telepathist. I’m not equipped with the powers of a
Psychological Cue, so there was no need to warn me… Audrey finally
understood the perplexing matter.
Just as she was about to let Susie enter the room to calm the disappointment
in her heart, she suddenly saw thick gray fog spew out, instantly flooding
her vision.
In the middle of the endless grayish-white, a figure sat in a high-back chair.
Looking down at her, it said, “Do not make attempts without careful
consideration.”
Before Audrey realized what was happening, she heard the deep and
majestic voice sound out again.
“If you encounter dangers in your dreams, you can recite my name.”
Recite your name? Audrey’s eyes widened as she became overjoyed.
“Yes, Mr. Fool.”
Seeing that Miss Justice was excited instead of showing any doubts, Klein
secretly heaved a sigh of relief and chuckled.
“Use ancient Hermes.”
With that said, his figure faded away and the gray fog vanished.
Audrey sat there stunned for two seconds before hurriedly pursing her lips,
afraid that she wasn’t on her best behavior.
Mr. Fool actually specially warned me! He even permitted me to recite
“His” name in my dream! Audrey excitedly took a few steps on the spot,
believing that she had really become a Blessed of God.
Of course, she also remembered Mr. Fool’s warning. She planned to
understand more from the Psychology Alchemists and make another
attempt only when she was sufficiently prepared.
The corners of her mouth curled up slightly as she randomly tapped her
chest, saying silently, “May Mr. Fool watch over me~”
…
Above the gray fog, Klein began to consider another matter.
Red-haired Helene, who had a reward worth 1,000 pounds, was actually
related to Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy!
Tracy took over Qilangos’s crew and changed his flagship to the Black
Death. As for Qilangos, he previously plundered a tycoon named Jimmy
Necker… That tycoon had previously obtained parts of Death’s chronicles.
It came from a Balam royal family’s mausoleum… This information came
from that Nightmare inside Creeping Hunger. It should benefit Mr. Azik to
a certain extent. I can also investigate the matter in passing… Klein found
another reason to look forward to finding red-haired Helene.
He originally planned on using the magic mirror, Arrodes, to find her, but
now, he planned on mobilizing Sea God believers to perform a search.
In the past, it’s quite demeaning to send a revelation for just 1,000 pounds.
But now that it involves a pirate admiral, it can barely make people guess
that there are secret motives behind it… Klein conjured red-haired Helene’s
photo and summoned the Sea God Scepter.
He had never done a mass revelation, so it was possible that it would be a
burden that he couldn’t withstand.
He chose higher-ups like Kalat and Edmonton. With waves reaching high
into the sky as a background, he said in a deep voice, “Find her and protect
her.
“Be careful of Tracy’s forces.”
Klein didn’t provide further explanations as he broke down this scene along
with red-haired Helene’s photo into many sets before projecting them into
the corresponding dots of light.