Chapter 1353

: Sacrificial Victim
Mr. Door’s figure that had shrunk from the ball of light came to a halt as
though “He” had fallen into an intense internal struggle.
The layered doors in “His” body were just a little short of fully being
reassembled.
Amidst the illusory whooshing sounds, the crimson tide that barely
squeezed through the gap in the Door of Flesh and Blood became even
more turbulent. The blood-colored robe landed heavily, about to envelop
Bethel Abraham once again.
However, as it descended, the brass-colored eyes, the young man in the
fiery armor, the hazy barrier of light that accentuated terrifying facial
features, the ground with opened eyes and closed mouth, and the shadowy
woman vanished silently from the world.
In that instant, a blazing sun appeared above the forest. Day replaced the
night, causing all the shadows to rapidly disperse.
This caused the blood-colored robe to rise once again, scattering even more
crimson moonlight, causing all the disturbances to return to their mother’s
embrace.
Seizing this opportunity, Mr. Door’s illusory eyes closed as “He” lowered
“His” head.
“Alright…” “He” painfully said the first word after “His” return to reality.
“His” figure completely froze as “He” raised “His” right hand and pressed
it to “His” face.
The next second, Mr. Door lifted “His” head and wore a crystal monocle on
“His” right eye.
A beam of light erupted from the monocle, illuminating the entire world.
At that moment, all the errors of the seals that had failed were fixed.
Everything that seemed normal showed errors. All the clocks jumped
several seconds forward.
The Marauder Sequence 0 Error’s ritual was:
To replace someone during “Their” apotheosis ritual!
And Mr. Door’s return seemed to directly trigger “His” apotheosis ritual.
The light converged immediately, and Mr. Door had turned into Amon with
“His” pointed hat and classic black robe.
The Blasphemer held a simple and unadorned key that seemed to be forged
from pure starlight in “His” hand.
Above “Him,” the blood-colored robe descended, wanting to embrace
“Him” into its arms. Behind “Him,” the crimson tide angrily squeezed
through the remnants of the Door of Flesh and Blood in a last bid to enter
the world.
In that short moment, the blood-colored moon glowed even brighter,
blocking the sun, night, earth, blurry light, and the strange white tower
outside.
Faced with the corruption from an Outer Deity, Amon’s lips curled up
slightly. “He” extended “His” right hand and took out an abnormally
ancient stone slab from an unknown location.
The first Blasphemy Slate!
Then, “He” used the stone slab formed from the Chaos Sea to block the
remnant opening of the Door of Flesh and Blood. Then, “He” used it as a
substitute to receive the falling blood-colored robe.
The first Blasphemy Slate turned illusory, as though it was connected to an
infinite sea that contained all the possible colors.
The sea surged and swallowed the blood-colored robe, blocking the crimson
tide from the cosmos.
The already collapsed Door of Flesh and Blood rapidly shrank before
quickly disappearing. An angry and terrifying roar resounded in the air from
within.
In the next second, the crimson moon appeared in the sky. The color
quickly faded and turned pure. On it was a huge, distorted, crimson figure.
Wearing a pointed hat and a classic black robe, Amon adjusted the monocle
on “His” right eye and waved “His” hand at the crimson figure and the
bright moon that were staring at him. “He” then smiled and bowed slightly
in all directions.
…
In the corpse cathedral that had an erected gigantic cross where countless
skulls were watching with their hollow “eyes.”
Adam, who was dressed in a simple white robe, took a look at the ceaseless
lightning outside the stained glass. “He” slowly got up and walked to the
pool of blood that Klein had left behind. “He” bent down and picked up the
ancient and mysterious mirror.
Following that, “He” turned around and walked towards the second
Blasphemy Slate.
…
The first figure that Zaratul summoned out of the fog of history was still
Roselle Gustav, who wore a dark red coat embroidered with gold thread,
and had chestnut-colored curly long hair.
To this Attendant of Mysteries, there were quite a number of angels that
“He” got to know in “His” long life. There were only a few that were
stronger than a Sequence 1 Knowledge Emperor. For example, the
Antigonus ancestor before “He” became The Half-Fool, Angel of Fate
Ouroboros, or the Red of War brass who could indirectly obtain the strength
of the Red Angel of Fate.
But under such circumstances, Zaratul believed that summoning Roselle
Gustav’s Historical Void projection first was safer.
Before the Antigonus family’s ancestor became The Half-Fool, “He” too
was a Sequence 1 Attendant of Mysteries. Therefore, “He” would be
suppressed by the enemy who had deeper control of Sefirah Castle and a
level that surpassed most Kings of Angels. After all, “His” enemy was the
closest to a true god.
After Zaratul chose to cooperate with the Rose School of Thought and
Adam, the success rate of summoning the Angel of Fate Ouroboros would
undoubtedly drop. It wasn’t suitable for him to attempt it at a critical
moment.
The Red of War brass that could borrow the Red Angel’s powers didn’t
possess the strength directly, so the actual effects produced weren’t any
stronger than that of Knowledge Emperor Roselle Gustav.
In comparison, Zaratul would definitely choose the historical projection that
he was most familiar with and the easiest to successfully summon.
“His” plan was to seize the opportunity that Gehrman Sparrow had directly
“Wandered” here without preparing any Historical Void projections in
advance to use Knowledge Emperor Roselle Gustav, the Red of War army
brass, and Abomination Suah to hold him back and leave “Him” enough
time to create a miracle for “Himself.”
As soon as Roselle’s figure appeared, he immediately condensed into
complicated and illusory symbols in his eyes in a bid to infuse large
amounts of miscellaneous and useless knowledge into “His” target’s mind,
causing “His” brain to explode.
At the same time, Zaratul used the various connections he had set up in
advance to move “Himself.” This swamp was “His” home ground. As he
made slippery and transparent tentacles penetrate the hooded black robe and
stretch into the fog of history, he summoned the Red of War brass.
At that moment, Roselle Gustav’s historical projection suddenly turned his
head and used a subtle connection to look towards Zaratul’s true form.
Zaratul’s mind was instantly filled with information and useless knowledge.
“His” brain nearly exploded as “He” was unable to process “His” thoughts
for a short period of time.
“He” froze on the spot, “His” gaze not even changing!
The historical projection, Knowledge Emperor Roselle Gustav, that “He”
had summoned had betrayed “Him”!
Klein was both surprised and unsurprised by this outcome.
It wasn’t surprising because this was his own doing. The Worms of Spirit in
Sefirah Castle had already “Grafted” Roselle’s present state to the
concealed state that Klein had met!
The surprising thing was that Adam had never reminded Zaratul to be
careful of Roselle Gustav.
Klein had previously sensed the coincidences in certain matters. His
preparations included using The Fool symbol’s connection to Roselle
Gustav’s seal. Through the corresponding prayer point of light, he could
throw a Worm of Spirit that contained certain words or intent to his fellow
Earthling who was in deep sleep, and awaken “Him.” Then, using a
“Miracle,” “He” could temporarily suppress the corruptive powers of the
Mother Goddess of Depravity.
Back then, the worst-case scenario that Klein took precautions against was
if something happened to him that prevented him from contacting Sefirah
Castle. As such, the Worms of Spirit in Sefirah Castle and the Worms of
Spirit that were scattered in different places would end up losing control
and be unable to save him.
Once the Worm of Spirit he gave Roselle mutated, Roselle would know that
there was something wrong. “He” could then use the powers of a Black
Emperor to distort order to maintain the Worm of Spirit’s lucidity for a
certain period of time.
As for what plan the Worm of Spirit and Roselle would come up with to
save himself, Klein didn’t know either.
This was the real reason why he could hide from Adam!
With his experience in the Hall of Truth, Klein knew that he wouldn’t have
any secrets when facing the Visionary. Any rescue plans, be it figured out
from the past or on the spot, would be seen and heard clearly by Adam.
At his level, the only way to avoid it was if even he himself didn’t know
how to save himself.
Of course, Visionary Adam knew without a doubt that Klein had a Worm of
Spirit in Roselle Gustav’s Black Emperor mausoleum. “He” knew that his
backup plan definitely came from this, but “He” wasn’t able to pry into the
secrets of it because it was contaminated by the Mother Goddess of
Depravity. It was a place that had been corrupted by the cosmos, and the
thought of prying into Roselle Gustav was like prying into an Outer Deity!
This was the difference in level.
It was precisely because of this that Klein could calmly ask all kinds of
secrets and read the second Blasphemy Slate. On the one hand, knowledge
was indeed tempting. And on the other hand, he was stalling for time,
waiting for the other side to complete the task of rescuing him. At the same
time, he didn’t want to occupy his mind; otherwise, he couldn’t help but
think about how he could save himself.
As a result, Klein began to suspect that other than the unknown reasons as
to why Adam had shared so many secrets with him, was because “He” was
also trying to lure him into thinking of the solutions he would use to save
himself, so as to find clues and stop him in advance.
Therefore, the question-and-answer session in the corpse cathedral was a
clash of minds. Klein had to constantly control himself to prevent his
thoughts from going astray.
And under this premise, Adam clearly knew that there might be problems
with Roselle Gustav, but “He” didn’t remind Zaratul!
Regardless of the reason, Klein had no intention of letting the opportunity
slip. He immediately raised the Staff of the Stars in his hand and skillfully
simulated Amon’s Worm of Time’s powers.
Gong!
An ancient mottled stone clock phantom appeared. Its face was separated
into twelve different segments by grayish-white and bluish-black colors.
Each segment represented a different symbol of time.
Gong!
One of the three needles in the middle of the stone clock jumped, and
Zaratul’s body froze on the spot.
Klein immediately transformed into a maggot vortex that extended
countless slippery tentacles. In the middle of the vortex was a strange door
of light.
The door of light didn’t move as the vortex swirled around it. A terrifying
suction force forcefully pulled out the Beyonder characteristics within
Zaratul’s body.
This was the method Pallez Zoroast had used to deal with Amon’s avatar
back then. He had relied on his position to forcibly gather characteristics!
Bit by bit, the Beyonder characteristics flew out at an accelerating rate. By
the time Zaratul escaped “His” frozen state and the mental explosion, “He”
was already unable to extricate himself. “He” could only watch helplessly
as “He” was completely carried into the dark and gloomy maggot
whirlpool!
A few seconds later, the vortex outlined its body again, and Klein landed his
feet on the ground.
In the fog of history, Zaratul’s figure appeared again and again, but it was
impossible for “Him” to retrieve “His” Beyonder characteristics. In the end,
it could only fade away silently, making it difficult for him to completely
revive.
Klein used the ritual’s remnant effects that hadn’t completely dissipated and
directly swallowed Zaratul’s characteristic!
He wanted to use this to lower the influence of the Celestial Worthy of
Heaven and Earth for Blessings!
…
As the corpse cathedral was still floating in the sea of lightning, Adam, who
wore a simple white robe and had a faint blond beard, suddenly appeared at
the edge of the waters near the ruins of the battle of gods.
The sea split apart, and a path appeared. It led straight to the spot which was
stained with the ancient sun god’s blood. It led straight to the Giant King’s
Court’s projection—the Forsaken Land of the Gods.
In the depths of the Forsaken Land of the Gods, at the top of a mountain
peak, there was a huge cross erected, and there was an indistinct figure
hanging upside down on it.
(End of the Seventh Volume—The Hanged Man)