Chapter 198

: Appropriating Uniqueness
The silver charm suddenly turned ice-cold, just like a crystal coat with
layers of frost.
Klein shivered and suddenly became more alert, his fear and agitation
temporarily froze.
He quickly injected his spirituality into the charm and pushed the thin silver
piece out of his pocket with his fingertip, causing it to drop to his feet.
A crimson flame appeared in the air, and the sound of light, continuous
explosions echoed in the room.
A serene and deep feeling instantly emanated and engulfed most of the
bedroom, including Madam Sharon, Sleepless Kenley, and also Klein
himself!
The Slumber Charm was an item that didn’t distinguish between the enemy
and the caster. In most situations, using it meant throwing it at the enemy.
That way, the caster would only be affected by the remnant shock waves,
but not to the extent of failing to resist the temptation of falling into a deep
sleep.
But Klein’s arms were entangled by countless invisible threads. He couldn’t
throw the charm, so he could only exchange Madam Sharon’s slumber with
his!
But he had long considered such a situation and was prepared. This was
because his body was unique—a uniqueness that was unlike most Low-
Sequence Beyonders.
In that instant, Klein’s eyelids closed and entered into deep sleep normally,
while Madam Sharon and Kenley also appeared to slow down.
Klein quickly realized that he was in a dream and rationally knew that he
was sleeping.
Whenever anything related to dream invasions or similar hypnotic effects
were used on him, he could still maintain consciousness!
He had discovered this when he was dealing with Dunn’s Nightmare
powers, as well as when Daly was channeling his spirit!
Kacha!
Klein tore out of the dream forcefully and woke up. He felt the countless
threads binding his arms, legs, and body loosen. As for Madam Sharon, she
had a vacant look, as though she was going to shake off the effect of the
Slumber Charm but had yet to wake up entirely. Kenley was on the ground
with the Spirit Medium Mirror flipped upside down nearby, while his
revolver had been flung to the door.
An opportunity!
Klein seized the moment while the fine threads loosened, he took out his
left hand and snapped his fingers. He lit up a faint blue spiritual flame and
burned the countless fine threads before him.
At the same time, he picked up his revolver with his right hand and pulled
the trigger repeatedly.
Bang! Bang!
The two silver demon hunting bullets tore through the barrel and fired
towards Madam Sharon.
Klein didn’t confirm the outcome but bent his knees, exerted strength in his
waist, and leaped over to Kenley. Simultaneously, he broke the fine strings
that were tied around his body.
His earlier shots were mainly to inform the Captain that something
unexpected had happened inside. They were already fighting and were in
need of assistance. Of course, if he could shoot Madam Sharon directly,
that’d be the best outcome!
However, Klein didn’t believe a Sequence 7 or 6 Beyonder could be taken
care of so easily.
There were faint blue flames twirling in the air, dancing across the fines
threads in the room. In such a dreamy scenery, the two silver demon
hunting bullets struck Madam Sharon’s body.
Kacha! Kacha!
Madam Sharon was in her translucent sleeping robe, and her indistinct body
shattered like the crimson moon’s reflection in a lake. The full body mirror
next to her cracked into pieces, and most of them shattered into about
thumbnail-sized chunks while a small amount remained on the frame. They
all resembled palms, strangely-shaped palms.
A substitute? A Beyonder power of the Demoness Sequence? The corner of
Klein’s eyes swept over it as he already rolled next to Kenley. Since the fine
strings were all broken by his movement, the faint blue flames didn’t spread
over.
At that moment, Madam Sharon had vanished, but the “sleeping” Kenley
lifted his hands and gripped his neck so tightly that his saliva began flowing
out as his tongue protruded. But he didn’t seem like he was going to stop.
But in Klein’s Spirit Vision, there weren’t any abnormal things around!
He suddenly recalled the description of Sealed Artifact 3-0271.
The most dangerous situation is when you see yourself!
Could it be that Kenley saw his own reflection in Sealed Artifact 3-0271
through the full body mirror? Klein speculated. He quickly took out another
silver charm without having the luxury of time to think about it.
It was a triangular-shaped item: a Requiem Charm.
“Crimson!”
Klein said the ancient Hermes word while he instilled his spirituality into
the charm and threw it out.
Then, he pressed down his left hand and grabbed the Spirit Medium Mirror.
He used the corner of his eye to determine that the Sealed Artifact was
facing downward so it wouldn’t reflect himself.
The triangular silver charm ignited into icy-blue flames. The gentle and
serene darkness blanketed Kenley and affected Klein himself.
The nervous emotions dispersed in that instant. Kenley relaxed his hands on
his throat, while Klein felt like he was standing before his oriel window at
home, overlooking the quiet streets. His physical and mental state was at
peace.
That was exactly what Klein wanted!
At that very moment, he entered an extremely serene state. He appeared to
be the only person left in the entire world with nothing else in existence.
Within this sense of calmness, he suddenly had a gut feeling in his mind.
Madam Sharon is about to attack my right waist!
That was the foresight ability of a Clown in battle. Without any hesitation,
Klein lifted the Spirit Medium Mirror and rolled to his left.
Just as he moved, a dagger, burning in dark flames, pierced the spot where
he had stood earlier.
Madam Sharon’s figure was outlined once again.
As he rolled, Klein suddenly lifted the Spirit Medium Mirror and pointed it
at Madam Sharon!
Besides saving his teammate, his main goal when he got close to Kenley
was to pick up the Sealed Artifact.
Otherwise, he didn’t believe that anything good would come out of waiting
for the Captain’s reinforcements while being next to Madam Sharon. The
Flaring Sun Charm could be used to fight against a Beyonder, but the effect
wouldn’t be as significant as if it was used against a dead spirit. Plus, the
other person wouldn’t just stand there and wait for him to use a charm.
If it really didn’t work, Klein could only take the risk and use Azik’s copper
whistle.
Regarding how he would explain it, he would think about it after he
managed to stay alive!
However, things developed better than Klein had predicted. Madam Sharon
opted for assassination. She didn’t interrupt his use of the Requiem Charm
and the Spirit Medium Mirror.
Therefore, Klein had instantly formulated a simple plan. He didn’t avoid the
repercussions of the Requiem Charm but relied on it to enhance his
foresight ability as a Clown. Then, he seized the opportunity to dodge the
attack while he used the Spirit Medium Mirror to reflect the enemy!
When Madam Sharon missed her strike, she immediately wanted to chase
after her agile opponent who was rolling away. She suddenly saw a mirror
with three cracks.
The surface of the mirror rippled, and a woman’s figure appeared. Her hair
was black and thick, hanging low and blocking her face.
Klein’s left hand shook, and the Spirit Medium Mirror glided on the carpet
for a dozen centimeters with the front facing upwards.
A pale hand extended out of the mirror, and a woman in a white bedsheet-
like dress climbed out of the mirror quickly and pounced at Madam Sharon.
Madam Sharon’s expression became gloomy, there was a layer of darkness
above her innocent brown eyes.
Her surroundings ignited with seven black flames.
With a swoosh, a black flame flew out and hit the woman in the white
dress.
Whoosh!
The woman caught on fire and wailed in pain. Very soon, she vanished into
thin air.
Sou! Sou! Sou!
The black flames flew at Klein one after another like bullets.
Klein’s pupils constricted as he quickly rolled away. He didn’t dare stay in
that spot.
However, his action of rolling gradually became slower because there
seemed to be fine threads entangling him again. They slowed him down and
affected his motion.
It seemed like the nemesis of the Clown’s combat abilities!
The black flames flew past Klein’s face and fell onto Madam Sharon’s bed.
However, it didn’t burn, seemingly effective on items with life or
spirituality.
Klein had yet to feel rejoice over his successful dodge when another
premonition flashed through his head.
He twisted his spine and changed his forward flip into a side roll.
A transparent ice crystal suddenly appeared like a spear and stabbed into the
carpet where Klein had originally intended to land.
The white frost expanded and struck Klein whose actions were affected by
the fine threads.
He suddenly shivered, and his body became stiff. Although he could still
move, he was much slower.
Madam Sharon had black flames surrounding her again, and there was a
transparent ice spear that condensed in her hands. Klein didn’t hesitate any
further as he shoved his hand into his pocket and grabbed Azik’s copper
whistle.
He, he, he.
Just then, Kenley shook off the effect of the Requiem and Slumber charms.
He got up and looked towards Madam Sharon with a pair of vacant-looking
eyes.
His face seemed to be blanketed by a shadow, making him look silent yet
creepy.
Thud. Thud. Thud. Kenley leaped at Madam Sharon who was the closest.
Madam Sharon narrowed her eyes and shot the black flames surrounding
her one after another at Kenley.
Poof! Poof Poof! The black flames disappeared like snowflakes and didn’t
have any effect.
Klein was stunned at first, then he lifted the gun in his right hand and pulled
the trigger while aiming at Madam Sharon.
Bang!
Madam Sharon dodged ahead of time and threw the frost spear towards
Kenley, but it only penetrated his clothes and not his skin. Hence, it didn’t
create a freezing effect.
Bang! Klein fired again, and Madam Sharon dodged to the side of the
broken full-body mirror and picked up a palm-sized fragment.
She continued to walk swiftly and dodged another bullet. She then used the
irregular fragment to reflect Kenley as he leaped over at her.
Right on the heels of that, Madam Sharon dodged to the side as she swiped
the mirror with her palm which was covered in black flames.
At that moment, Klein had emptied his revolver. He had no choice but to
throw it, letting the empty shells and revolver fall to the carpet.
Just as he rolled over to pick up Kenley’s revolver, he heard his teammate’s
tragic scream.
Kenley stopped before bending over and vomiting. It was bile at first, then a
red heart, followed by his lungs and stomach that were burning with black
flames.