Chapter 595

: Domain
Without waiting for The Hermit to answer, Audrey added, “If you believe
this is an important piece of information and isn’t something to be given for
free, then I can provide you with some payment.”
“No, there’s no need to. Anyone familiar with the Feynapotter’s Church of
Earth Mother will have some understanding of this.” Cattleya didn’t doubt
Miss Justice’s sincerity when it came to the principle of equal exchange.
She believed that Miss Justice was fully capable of satisfying her price in
terms of wealth and resources, but she decided to provide the information
for free.
Firstly, it raised Miss Justice’s impression on her and would build a
foundation for any future transactions. Secondly, by providing the
information, she could observe the reactions of the members and estimate
their standing in their own organizations and factions.
I’m very familiar with the Earth Mother’s Blessed, Bishop Utravsky, but I
didn’t know anything about that… Of course, I truly am a little scared of
him. His height and build are just too intimidating. Every time I’m there, I
only seek out Emlyn White… Sitting at the end of the long bronze table,
Klein thought in a self-deprecating manner.
Cattleya didn’t pause as she continued, “Vampire is from the Moon
pathway. The corresponding Sequence 9 is Apothecary; Sequence 8 is Beast
Tamer; Sequence 6 is Potions Professor; Sequence 5 is Scarlet Scholar;
Sequence 4 is Shaman King. I’m not sure about the higher Sequences.”
“Ahem.” Emlyn White coughed. “Ma’am Hermit, I have to emphasize that
it’s Sanguine, not Vampire. Heh heh, I won’t object it if you call those
humans who consume the characteristics of my kinsmen vampires. I would
even be very agreeable to it.”
So Vampire is from the Apothecary pathway. So is Shaman King. It’s no
wonder they revere the Primordial Moon and not the Goddess…
Could the Scarlet Lunar Corona, that Ma’am Sharron obtained, be from a
dead Scarlet Scholar or Sanguine Viscount? Apart from being able to
recreate the effects of a full moon and neutralizing the corresponding
effects, it can provide terrifying speed, unimaginable recovery speed, and
rather powerful darkness-related spells. The negative effects can be
neutralized by drinking the fresh blood of the living… Indeed, it does seem
to be a result of a Sanguine…
Among the various jobs of this pathway, there are some that resemble the
Seer pathway. There’s no connection between the Sequences, while there are
some that have an obvious progression. How strange…
Klein joined the bits of bread crumbs together, feeling somewhat
enlightened and puzzled.
Alger, Fors, and company were either in thought, listening in relish, or
pretending to be disinterested. Everyone had different reactions, but
Cattleya was able to figure out that they didn’t understand much about
Vampires prior to this.
They are low- or mid-ranking members in their organizations or factions.
They match the characteristics of being recently pulled into the Tarot Club
and at the stage of rapidly advancing… The World didn’t react. Either he’s
very staid, or he long knew of the matter regarding Vampires, or both…
After repeated observations, I have to admit that The World is the Tarot
Club member that needs to have the most attention paid to and be guarded
against…
Audrey listened with great interest as she thought over it carefully. As
though she was attending a family education class, she raised her hand
slightly.
“Ma’am Hermit, why are the Sequences in the Moon pathway seemingly
unrelated?”
The Hermit Cattleya looked at Miss Justice and discovered that the dress
and accessories she wore were completely different from the last gathering.
There was no repeat, but it exuded her luxurious and noble bearing.
As her mind went adrift, she seemed to see the portrait of the Queen back
when she was young. Every piece of clothing she wore was completely
different. The same set of clothing was never worn a second time at a
formal event.
After a moment of silence, Cattleya said, “A pathway’s Sequence doesn’t
necessarily need to be related or superficially connected. The common trait
is that this pathway corresponds to the god’s domain. For example, the
Moon represents spirituality, plants, beauty, parts of life, parts of darkness,
and parts of mystery. Therefore, this pathway has Apothecary of the plant
domain, Vampire of the life domain, and Beast Tamer of the intersection of
life and spirituality.”
“Sanguine!” Emlyn White emphasized and lifted his chin slightly. “This
should be why us Sanguine are very handsome and beautiful.”
No, that’s not the case. The vampires I’ve seen are all disgusting and
ferocious… Derrick retorted weakly in his heart.
It can be explained in such a manner? It’s quite different from Captain’s and
Daly’s explanations… Different pathways represent the domain possessed
by a Sequence 0… Or could it be that the two combined is the most
accurate answer? I wonder what the domains the Sequence 0 of the Seer
pathway represents. From the symbol behind my chair, it represents
strangeness and change? Klein’s expression didn’t change as his mind
whirled.
Audrey easily understood Ma’am Hermit’s explanation and couldn’t help
but guess the name of her pathway’s Sequence 0.
It’s definitely Dragon. There are many species of dragons. Many powers are
not contained within this pathway. It’s closer to the domain represented by
the mind dragon…
I wish Mr. Fool can quickly find the Card of Blasphemy of this
corresponding pathway…
That Groselle’s Travels originates from dragons. I wonder if it has anything
to do with a mind dragon…
At this moment, Emlyn asked as a form of validation, “That is to say that to
successfully become a Sanguine Viscount, I similarly have to act as a
Potions Professor, even if I’m a favorite of the Moon?”
My dear Emlyn, I know you are trying to bring attention to the latter half of
your sentence… Klein nearly reached out his right hand to pinch his chin.
This was also one of the reasons why he had entrusted Miss Magician to
check for abnormalities in Williams Street. He ultimately felt that Emlyn
White, a vampire who didn’t enjoy going out or socializing, was rather
unreliable at present. Another reason was that he knew that he was being
controlled by the Sanguine’s upper echelons in secret. Getting him to head
to Williams Street made it easy to expose the matter regarding the
underground ruins.
“Yes.” Cattleya nodded.
The exchange continued, and as it came to a close, Audrey seemed to recall
something. She turned her body and looked towards the end of the long
bronze table.
“Mr. Fool, the second round of the Civil Servant Unified Examination
officially ends today. What’s left is the final interview.”
Her tone was brisk and with clear delightful emotions. It was like an
excellent student reporting her results to her parents.
From her point of view, the Civil Servant Unified Examination was a
suggestion raised by Mr. Fool in passing. She had pushed forward the idea
via inconspicuous methods, the first time she had attempted to use her
Beyonder powers to change reality. Therefore, she had always paid great
attention to it, often reporting the situation to the suggester.
The second round of the examinations are over? I wonder if Benson can
pass and have the opportunity of entering the final interview… Klein leaned
back and suddenly felt wistful.
He nodded slightly and said with a smiling tone, “Not bad.”
Audrey, who had been praised by Mr. Fool, became happier. She felt that
she was indirectly changing the fates of many people, allowing people who
were stuck in the lower and middle classes to have a chance at entering the
middle and upper classes.
When Cattleya heard this exchange, she couldn’t help but frown. She felt
that this was very different from the style the Tarot Club had previously
shown.
Could it be that the reforms of the past half a year in the Loen Kingdom
were a result of the Tarot Club’s turning of the wheels? As a young noble
lady, Miss Justice played an important role? If that’s the case, I have to
reevaluate my views… Although the members aren’t of a high Sequence and
are low-ranking members of their organizations, they’re still able to
influence the situation of the world to a certain extent? Cattleya retracted
her gaze and considered whether she wanted to use her different resource
channels to figure out the backstory of Loen Kingdom’s reforms.
After a few minutes of exchanges, The Fool Klein announced the end of the
Gathering.
While Miss Justice and company got up to express their farewells, he
severed the connection and leaned back into his seat. He silently watched
the endless grayish-white fog around him for a very long while.
…
Backlund. In a coffee shop next to King’s Avenue.
Melissa was holding a porcelain teaspoon as she gently stirred the black tea
which had a lemon in it. From time to time, she would turn her head to look
out into the faint fog.
Her black veiled hat was sitting beside her. Placed in front of her was a
plate of the cheapest toast, but she hadn’t taken a single bite.
She originally imagined that she would anger the coffee shop’s owner for
sitting there all this while, preventing him from earning more. But she later
discovered that there were many people waiting for the end of the test
opposite the road like her.
As seconds turned into minutes, the water condensing on the glass windows
grew thicker. Melissa couldn’t help but extend her hand to clean up a
relatively clear spot.
Finally, she saw a bunch of people surge out of the test venue. The glass-
inlaid wooden door of the coffee shop was pushed open as about eight men
and women entered.
Just as Benson took off his rather old top and before he could smooth his
rather high hairline with his fingers, he discovered his sister standing as she
asked nervously, “How did you do, uh—Were the questions tough today?”
“It might’ve been considered difficult for others, but it was a piece of cake
for me. Mathematics is my forte.” Benson looked around and saw everyone
discussing it without noticing him. Hence, he chuckled. “After the test
ended, I saw quite a number of people with blank sheets. Do they think a
low-ranking civil servant will have a mathematics secretary? If that’s the
case, what’s the difference between hiring a curly-haired baboon and
them?”
Melissa heaved a secret sigh of relief and looked to her side before turning
her head back.
“Benson, if you’re really confident, you should consider the matter
regarding the interview.
“You need to buy a new decent set of clothes.”
“Let’s leave that to tomorrow. We should celebrate today. I’ve already
decided on the restaurant.” Benson smiled as he pointed outside.
Melissa pursed her lips and looked at her elder brother in an extremely
serious manner.
“I’ve already bought the meat and vegetables.”
Benson locked his gaze with his sister for a few seconds before moving it
away in submission.
“Alright, let’s go home.”
…
Above the gray fog, Klein gradually found his train of thought and calmed
his emotions. He began considering how to separate the True Creator’s
mental corruption of the All-Black Eye.