Chapter 1276

Wandering Magician
Upon seeing this scene, Katarina’s body took a step back uncontrollably as
her mind fell silent.
Two seconds later, she opened her mouth and let out a male voice:
“Hey, little raven.”
Without waiting for the young man to respond, Katarina smiled and said,
“Aren’t you looking down on me by bringing just a few avatars?
“Could it be that you’re a mailman, specifically here to deliver me
Beyonder ingredients?
“Tell me, what kind of cooperation do you want? I don’t hate you too much.
After all, what happened back then was planned by that zealot. The
mastermind was Alista Tudor, and you can only be considered an
accomplice.”
The man opposite “Him” caught the crown that was covered in rust and
blood. “He” straightened up and shook “His” head with a smile.
“I have my reservations in cooperating with you after hearing your voice.
Why don’t you get Sauron and Einhorn to talk to me?”
“Tsk, tsk. It’s been so many years, yet you’re still as willful as a child. Do
you still remember who was responsible for carrying you when you were
still a baby? Who was the one who burned away your hair?” The Red Angel
evil spirit mocked without any compromises.
The young man opposite “Him” used “His” empty hand to straighten “His”
monocle and calmly turned around before walking out the door without any
hesitation.
During this process, “He” sighed softly.
“Childish.”
Seeing that Amon had no intention of stopping, the Red Angel fell silent for
a few seconds. Before the other party walked out of the room, it controlled
Katarina’s body and chuckled.
“Don’t think that I don’t know what you want to do, but it doesn’t matter.
Since you don’t have the same thoughts as that zealot, then there’s room for
cooperation.”
Amon stopped and turned halfway to look at Demoness of White Katarina,
who was possessed by the Red Angel evil spirit.
The monocle on “His” right eye seemed to glimmer slightly.
…
Awwa County, in a city that was being rebuilt after war, inside a bar which
had burn marks.
“Toby, did you add too much damned water to your beer?” A man wearing
an old cap took the cup and took a sip. He couldn’t help but complain.
The boss, who doubled up as bartender, wiped his cup and snorted.
“Do you still remember the alcohol ban from before? Olić, you should be
thankful that you even have alcohol to drink!”
The burly man, who was named Olić, murmured a few words before he
focused on drinking his beer.
Beside him was a bronze-skinned man with rolled-up sleeves. He looked up
and surveyed the area.
“I heard that the alcohol ban will soon be lifted because Feynapotter’s food
will soon be sent over. Also, Feysac and Intis will pay reparations with
plenty of food!”
“I can only say that I hope so. May the Lord watch over us.” The bar owner,
Toby, had just responded when he heard the door open.
He looked up and saw a young man who seemed to be a wandering
magician walk in.
This man was wearing a long black robe and a classic top hat. He walked to
the bar counter and sat on a high stool.
“A cup of Southville beer.” The man placed several copper pence on the
counter.
The burly man named Olić turned his head to look at the stranger and asked
curiously, “Not from around here? A magician?”
The young man, who didn’t have any outstanding features, laughed and
said, “Yes, the magic that I’m best at is to satisfy the wishes of people.”
Olić immediately whistled.
“What did I hear?
“To satisfy the wishes of people!?
“Lord, there’s a fellow pretending to be a deity here!”
This teasing caused everyone to burst into laughter.
The young man who claimed to be a magician wasn’t angry. He smiled and
said, “That’s just a special magic trick.”
Olić gulped down a mouthful of bland beer and laughed.
“Then fulfill my wish and let this stingy boss treat me to a glass of beer.”
“Alright.” The young man in a black robe raised his right hand and tapped
lightly on the table.
With the glass slamming onto the counter loudly, the bar owner poured a
glass of beer and pushed it in front of Olić. Then, he retracted his hand and
repeated his glass wiping.
This scene that seemed familiar to him stunned Olić. He shouted blankly,
“Toby, you know him?”
“No.” The boss, Toby, glanced at Olić like he was a fool.
“…” Olić raised the glass of beer with uncertainty and took a careful sip to
see if Toby would make him pay for it.
Seeing that the bar owner no longer bothered with him, the burly man
turned his head in surprise and looked at the young man in a black robe and
a tall hat.
“How did you do it?
“I told you that it’s a special magic trick.” The young man leisurely drank a
mouthful of Southville beer.
While Olić remained in shock, the man beside him with rolled-up sleeves
sneered.
“I dare bet that you and Toby must have colluded beforehand. Your
knocking on the table is to say that you’ll pay for the beer.”
“You can make another wish,” the wandering magician replied
nonchalantly.
“My brother and I have a house that collapsed during one of the bombings
and is being rebuilt. My wish is that it will return to its original state before
I return,” the man with his sleeves rolled up said smugly.
This wasn’t an easy task.
The wandering magician raised his right hand and snapped his fingers
before smiling.
“Alright, your wish has been granted.”
The people who were paying attention to this broke out into laughter. They
no longer paid attention to the foreigner and his clumsy magic show.
After drinking, the man with his sleeves rolled up left the bar in a drunken
stupor with Olić, and staggered down the street towards the suburbs.
Fifteen minutes later, they returned to the area where they were rebuilding
their home. They were about to enter the tent that was issued by the
government.
At this moment, a gust of cold wind blew and made them shudder at the
same time.
Soon after, a two-story building appeared before their eyes. It was a house
that they were very familiar with and had spent years building.
Olić and his brother subconsciously turned their heads and saw the same
confusion in each other’s eyes.
“I didn’t drink that much… That damn Toby mixed so much water into the
beer!” Olić murmured, as if he was seeing things thanks to his intoxication.
His brother didn’t respond. After being stunned for a few seconds, he
suddenly widened his stride and rushed to the house, touching the wall and
the door.
“It’s real, it’s real…” He kept muttering to himself as if he had gone crazy.
Olić did the same thing. Finally, he confirmed that their house had been
restored to its original state. This made him both surprised and scared.
At this moment, his brother suddenly said, “My wish was granted. That
magician, that magician…”
Before he finished his sentence, he turned around and ran towards the bar.
Olić came to his senses and followed closely behind.
Bang!
They pushed open the bar’s door and rushed in, casting their gaze at the bar
counter.
However, the black-robed and tall-hat wearing wandering magician had
already left.
Olić and his brother looked around. They appeared relieved, but they also
felt like they had lost something.
In the square of the city, the young wandering magician was squatting in
front of a ten-year-old girl.
“My magic is to fulfill your wish.” He turned his head and glanced at the
nearby Evernight cathedral.
The little girl had run out from the Evernight Mass, seemingly preferring
the empty square.
After some thought, she looked at the gentle Mr. Magician and said, “My
wish is for my father, uncle, and brother to come back to life. I don’t want
their bereavement money…”
The wandering magician didn’t respond as he gazed deeply at the little girl
in front of him.
The girl pursed her lips and forced a smile.
“I was just joking. Mommy said that such a wish is not something even the
deities can grant…”
As she spoke, she lowered her head and looked at her toes.
“I just want Daddy to hug me again…”
Before she could finish speaking, she suddenly realized that there was a
shadow in front of her. She quickly raised her head and looked to the side.
Standing there was a Loen soldier dressed in a red shirt and white pants. He
didn’t hold a rifle and was wearing a hearty smile on his face. He crouched
down and spread open his arms like always.
“Daddy…” The little girl pounced forward and threw herself into the warm
embrace. “I miss you so much…”
At that moment, the young magician pressed down his hat, straightened
himself, and walked towards the entrance of the square.
Amidst the night breeze, his long black robe swayed gently in the vast
plaza.
…
In a blink of an eye, it was Monday. In the ancient palace above the gray
fog, the members of the Tarot Club appeared simultaneously and greeted
Mr. Fool in unison.
Klein looked around and suddenly felt emotional.
The Hanged Man is currently a cardinal of the Church of Storms, and he’s
in charge of the Rorsted Archipelago diocese. Although Justice has
temporarily lost contact with the Psychology Alchemists, she has the right
to become one of their councilors. The Sun is an Elder of the six-member
council in the City of Silver, and The Moon is a Sanguine Earl. The Star is a
high-ranking deacon of the Church of Evernight’s Nighthawks. The Hermit
is a hidden queen at sea, one of the ten pillars of the Moses Ascetic Order.
Apart from The Magician and Judgment, the other members of the Tarot
Club are all demigods. They are the upper echelons of different factions in
the mysterious world.
And with the support of the Abraham family, The Magician has a high
chance of advancing to Sequence 4 Secrets Sorcerer within the year.
In other words, Judgment is the one who has the hardest time improving her
strength. She is only one of the mid-to-upper echelons in MI9, so it’s
extremely difficult for her to become a demigod.
Klein, who was shrouded in grayish-white fog, quickly retracted his gaze
and laughed self-deprecatingly in his heart.
It’s finally like a high-end secret organization… However, it always gave
me the feeling that this is some conference between the various factions…
He then nodded at the Tarot Club members and said, “Let’s begin.”