Chapter 159

: Bestowment and Sacrifice
Messy Chinese sentences were scribbled on the yellowish-brown goatskin.
“2nd August. This goes deeper than I imagined. History sure is something
that can be manipulated easily.
“5th August. I witnessed the abilities of a High-Sequence Beyonder today.
It was scary indeed. There’s a qualitative change that has happened to them
in a particular aspect, it was as though they’ve transformed into a deity. It’s
no wonder that we describe them as ‘Demigods’, though I think calling
them ‘Legendary beings’ is more fitting.
“6th August. There’s something strange going on. Why would the Seven
Major Churches adopt such a strange attitude towards the potions? At the
low to middle Sequences, they not only provide the main ingredients to
those who managed to advance, but they’re also generous enough to share
the formulas and demonstrate the process needed to create the potion. They
would also explain in detail if a ritual is needed to create the medicine, yet
finished potions are the only things they provide to those who are
advancing to the higher Sequences.
“This isn’t logical. Shouldn’t they keep the formula a secret for the lower
Sequence potions and give the candidate the completed potion since it’s
relatively easy to gather the necessary ingredients and create the potion? As
for the higher Sequence potions, shouldn’t they share the formula and make
the promising members search for the ingredients due to the difficulty of
obtaining the main ingredients?
“There must be some hidden secret to this.
“9th August. The events of the past two days have made me feel
uncomfortable. I started the Industrial Revolution with my own hands and
personally ushered in the Age of Steam and Machinery, but this will create
the conditions necessary for the Evil God to descend upon this world?”
What does he mean? The conditions necessary for the Evil God to descend
upon this world? Klein knitted his brows, his index finger tapped on the
edge of the ancient table.
Did Mr. Fool encounter a difficult problem? Anything that can trouble him
must be something of another level… Audrey looked at the leader obscured
by the thick fog and interpreted his state through his body language.
Klein was indeed pondering over the problem related to the upper echelons,
but he didn’t arrive at an answer. He considered the possibility of using
divination to gain some sort of revelation.
Yes, it would be impossible to divine something of use with such simple
sentences. I’m not a prophet… What if I divine with the statement, “the
conditions necessary for the Evil God to descend upon this world”? It feels
too risky… The Evil God might not be as horrifying as the Eternal Blazing
Sun, but its abilities might be much more mysterious. It might be able to
trace the divinations back to me. There’s also no way to divine how large of
a risk I’ll be taking if I were to divine that statement. After all, just divining
if something poses any danger is dangerous once it has deities involved…
I’ll keep this question in mind and put more effort into observation.
The arrangement of the Churches regarding potions is indeed mysterious. I
wonder what kind of secrets they’re hiding? Perhaps I’ll receive some hints
about that once Spirit Medium, no, Spirit Guide Daly is made Archbishop
or a high-ranking Deacon and enters the core of the Church…
Roselle’s description does make me look forward to the power of High-
Sequence Beyonders…
Many thoughts flashed through his mind before Klein stopped tapping on
the edge of the ancient table and looked at Justice, The Hanged Man, and
The Sun.
“You can start your discussion freely now.”
Alger immediately said, “Mr. Fool, Miss Justice, I received a new piece of
information. Rear Admiral Hurricane Qilangos infiltrated Backlund to
complete a difficult mission. He might stay for an extended period of time
and create an appalling tragedy. Also, I know that this incident involves a
very important item, an item that would allow Qilangos to quickly become
a High-Sequence Beyonder.”
“Quickly become a High-Sequence Beyonder? Does he not fear losing
control of himself?” Audrey asked, adopting the posture of a Spectator.
Qilangos was only a Sequence 6 Wind-blessed, so there was still a
Sequence between him and Sequence 4.
Alger had expected this question. He answered honestly, “That’s why the
object is important to him.”
“Of course, those are simply my deductions. The information I received
goes like this: Qilangos believes that once he completes the commission
and obtains the object, he will be the equal of Nast, the King of the Five
Seas. The Four Pirate Kings would then become the Five Pirate Kings, and
the Seven Pirate Admirals will be reduced to six.
“The average person might not aware of this, but as Beyonders, we should
know that Pirate Kings are either High-Sequence Beyonders, or are able to
reach the combat strength of a High-Sequence Beyonder with the use of
Beyonder boats and mysterious items. For Qilangos to be acknowledged as
their equal, he must reach standards that are close to that. That’s my
deduction.”
All I know is that the King of the Five Seas, Nast, is a Sequence 4
Beyonder, but I’m not sure of the name of his potion… Klein listened on
silently, not giving his opinion.
The Sun, Derrick Berg, didn’t understand anything The Hanged Man said.
He didn’t know who was who, but he still listened attentively. He felt a new
door had presented itself in his world.
Pirates? The place they live in has seas that are mentioned in books? Then,
the environment these people live in is very different from the City of
Silver… They don’t seem to be very worried about the curse or the attacks
of the Things of the Dark. It definitely makes me very curious… But, Mr.
Fool once instructed me not to ask about the secrets of others. It’s a very
rude gesture… Derrick thought in his heart, once again observing The
Hanged Man and Justice.
“You deduction is very reasonable. Of course, that could also be a
mysterious item that could hold its own against a High-Sequence
Beyonder,” Justice replied with a smile.
The Hanged Man looked at the fog-enshrouded Fool, pondered over his
words, before he looked at Justice and emphasized, “There are two key
points in what I said just now, the first being the fact that Qilangos will stay
in Backlund for some time. The second is that the incident involves a very
important and very mysterious object.”
So, Mr. Fool, are you not tempted? There is ample time for you to send your
adorer to Backlund… Alger added in his heart but didn’t dare say it out
loud. All he could do was beat about the bush.
Mr. Alger, you don’t need to emphasize this repeatedly, I know what you
are getting at… But my abilities do not allow me to interfere in these
matters. Furthermore, I can’t leave Tingen without permission… Klein
leaned back and thought in frustration.
Ignoring the adorer, I can actually find two relatively strong Beyonders to
help…
One is Daly, who has advanced to Sequence 6, but I cannot tell her
everything. The most I can do is mention that I’ve gotten some information
that Rear Admiral Hurricane Qilangos has infiltrated Backlund and is living
at a particular street and what he plans to do. That way, Daly might directly
enlist the help of the Nighthawks, making the situation very complicated
and troublesome… If you guys cannot find anybody to help you when the
time comes, then I can try that to prevent a tragedy…
The second person is Mr. Azik, but I cannot expose my identity as The Fool
to him. I don’t have a proper reason to get him to interfere with this
incident…
Many thoughts flashed through his mind as Klein replied slowly, “I’m
aware.”
Seeing how The Fool continued to not place much importance in the matter
regarding Qilangos, he sighed and held back his disappointment. He started
asking about the investigation Miss Justice conducted last week.
“… In conclusion, we have more or less targeted the general area Qilangos
will be at, and we’ll soon start the next phase of investigations.” Audrey
first gave a simple summary, then with the attitude that she was doing
something important, said, “We need more information, preferably the
hobbies and habits of Qilangos.”
Alger recalled, “He loves fish, especially fish from the sea. He would slice
it and eat it raw…
“He also likes hard liquor, and despises champagne, red wine, and the
like…
“He will often look for women to relieve his needs whenever he heads to
shore, and with his strong body, one woman will not be enough to satisfy
him…
“He’s used to using cold weapons and avoids hot weapons.
“He cannot be away from water for long periods of time. What I mean is
that he needs to swim or dive once every couple of days.”
…
Audrey committed these facts to memory, creating an ample character of
Qilangos in her mind.
“Let’s hope that the investigation will be a success. It’s a pleasure working
with you.” She smiled after Alger was done.
“My pleasure.” All Alger could do was force himself to believe in Miss
Justice, who had considerable power in Backlund.
Throughout the interaction, Klein seemed to be listening intently, but in
reality, his thoughts had been diverted to another question. That was the
question of how to deliver ingredients to Sun if he did manage to obtain
them.
Now that he had a passable understanding of the field of mysticism, Klein
instinctively followed the line of thought of using ritualistic magic. This
reliance was natural given the successes he had when using ritualistic
magic.
When I was previously flipping through the confidential information of the
Nighthawks, I came across records of the Goddess bestowing holy items to
her followers. There were also records of items descending in rituals
involving evil gods or devils… Does this mean that I can “bestow”
someone something when responding to their prayers, and transfer
materials that way?
In previous attempts, I could only reply with thoughts containing pictures
and voices. But that doesn’t mean that it’ll always stay that way… There
could be some new changes when I advance to Sequence 8…
There’s also something important to consider. Can I bring material from the
real world into the world above the gray fog? And… Hmm… Oh right,
there’s often a step for “sacrifices” in rituals involving evil gods and devils!
Can I consider “sacrificing” something to myself?
In that way, perhaps I can bring some material from the real world into the
world above the gray fog…
If this attempt is successful, I can get items directly from Justice, The Sun,
and The Hanged Man, and then bestow them to myself.
Yes, “sacrifice” is considered a more advanced ritual, so I won’t be able to
learn of it for now…
The most important thing to do now is to improve my abilities!
Klein reined in his thoughts, and once again listened in on the conversation
of the other members. He listened as their discussion changed from
Qilangos to the characteristics of particular monsters.
Some time later, he smiled.
“Let’s end it here for today.”
“By your will.” The Sun, Justice, and The Hanged Man stood up at the
same time.
After severing the connections of the members, Klein quickly descended
from the fog and left the mysterious space.
When he returned to his room, he dispelled the wall of spirituality and
pulled back the curtains by the oriel window, allowing the sunlight to shine
in.
There are two important things to do this week. The first is to get examined
and advance to Sequence 8. The second is to make Flaring Sun Charms. Its
powers might be even higher than that of Sequence 7 or 6… Klein looked
outside with anticipation.
Tomorrow. I should be able to receive the report of Mr. Azik’s paranormal
disturbances tomorrow!