Chapter 1131

An Indescribable Transaction
This is also a question I wanted to ask… The Fool Klein, who was seated at
the end of the long, mottled table, echoed Mr. Hanged Man in his heart.
Leonard thought for a moment and tried to find a possible reason:
“Although the birth of the True Creator originates from Rose Redemption,
it doesn’t mean that ‘He’ knows everything about Rose Redemption.
Perhaps figuring out the truth back then is one of ‘His’ motives…”
Just as he said that, Justice Audrey objected:
“The Angel of Fate, Ouroboros, who was drawing that mural, is still in
Rose Redemption and follows the True Creator. If ‘He1 had any questions,
‘He* could’ve just asked ‘Him’ directly.”
“Perhaps the True Creator’s goal is to confirm Dark Angel Sasrir’s
condition. From Shepherd Lovia’s strong desire to enter the palace of the
Giant King, we can preliminary determine that.” Cattleya gave her own
opinion.
“I share similar thoughts.” Alger glanced at The Sun and said, “Of course,
we can’t eliminate the possibility that The Star suggested. Perhaps the
Angel of Fate Ouroboros’s condition isn’t right, and ‘He’ has lost most of
‘His1 memories. ‘He1 can only rely on the murals ‘He’ left behind in the
past to find ‘His’ lost past. The odds are very low, but it doesn’t mean that
it’s impossible. We aren’t aware of what’s special or problematic with the
Kings of Angels.”
As he spoke, Alger glanced at Mr. Fool, as if hoping to get some hints from
this existence. Unfortunately, he failed to get any feedback.
It wasn’t that The Fool Klein didn’t have any ideas, but that he had too
many ideas and was unable to list them out.
Tail Devourer Ouroboros grows up by the True Creator’s side every time he
“reboots.” No one knows what “His” current state is… After muttering in
his heart and seeing that no one had any more ideas, Klein controlled The
World to look at The Sun.
“I recently obtained a batch of mushrooms that can be grown in the
darkness when feeding them the flesh of monsters. I wonder if your City of
Silver is interested?”
Mushrooms that can devour the flesh and blood of monsters? Xio and
company were surprised and curious. They didn’t know how such a creature
could exist.
Indeed, there are many things in the world that we have yet to understand…
This is what a Scribe should record down… Fors sighed and came to a
realization.
Cattleya’s eyes suddenly darkened. She sat there without saying a word or
moving, like a statue.
Upon hearing this, Derrick was delighted. His thoughts raced as he blurted
out, “Can those mushrooms automatically attack monsters?”
If that was possible, then they could be used as food and also be used as the
perimeter defense system for the City of Silver.
I thought Little Sun would be afraid of those mushrooms… In the end, his
“request” is even more excessive… The World’s mouth twitched slightly.
“No, if the mushrooms can automatically attack monsters, it will be no
exception for any of you.”
Derrick immediately felt a little ashamed as he hurriedly nodded.
“I understand, Mr. World.”
Following that, he let the fake World make a further description:
“Some of those mushrooms can be ground into flour, others can produce
milk or are rich in oil. They’re equivalent to beef. Some have a flavor that’s
close to fish, but there are no bones… Other than milk which can be drunk
directly, the rest must be cooked through steaming, boiling, frying, and
roasting. Otherwise, the mushrooms will absorb your flesh and blood while
inside your body, regaining their vitality, turning a person into countless
mushrooms…”
Audrey, Alger, and the other members of the Tarot Club originally listened
on with interest as though it was an exciting story, but as they listened in,
they subconsciously shrank back, becoming unusually silent.
Only The Hermit Cattleya’s eyelids twitched. She decided to have a good
“talk” with Frank when she returned to the real world.
She was very worried that, one day, when the Star Pirates were to hold a
vote, a large number of mushrooms would be amongst those casting that
sacred vote.
At this moment, after listening attentively, Derrick couldn’t hide his
anticipation and curiosity.
“Mr. World, what is flour? Is it like black-faced grass powder?
“Also, what is milk, what is beef, what is fish?”
In fact, he had seen fish before, but he didn’t think that they were fish. In a
swamp in the southwest region of the City of Silver, there were quite a
number of strange fish-shaped monsters that contained venom. They had
boils all over their bodies, while others had teeth growing out of spots
where their eyes were. Some of their heads had split open, revealing a white
membrane layer that could be used to hunt other creatures.
…No matter how strange those mushrooms are, to the City of Silver,
they’re all good things that are worth looking forward to… The first thing
they need to solve is to be in possession of something, rather than whether
it’s good or not… When The Fool Klein heard that, he cast The World’s
gaze toward Justice Audrey.
Giving detailed descriptions of flour, milk, beef, and fish didn’t match The
World Gehrman Sparrow’s persona.
As a senior Spectator and Gehrman Sparrow’s psychiatrist, Justice instantly
understood what he meant. She deliberated for a moment before saying,
“The milk is the liquid that cows use to rear its young…”
She believed that Little Sun could understand this easily. After all, the City
of Silver had pregnant women and babies.
Seeing The Sun nod in acknowledgment, she continued’ “Milk can provide
you with a lot of nutrition and help you grow taller and stronger…”
Audrey didn’t finish her sentence because Little Sun, who was sitting in his
seat, was very muscular.
After Miss Justice finished explaining the concepts, The Sun Derrick
looked eagerly at The World Gehrman Sparrow.
“Thank you, Mr. World. This is exactly what our City of Silver needs.
When I return, I’ll immediately inform the Chief. He’ll definitely be very
happy.
“What would you like in exchange?”
The Fool Klein hesitated for a moment before controlling The World
Gehrman Sparrow.
“The formula for Classical Metallurgist.”
No! Cattleya subconsciously tried to stop him, but she ultimately held back
her urge.
She secretly looked at Mr. Fool, and seeing that the great existence was
silent, she immediately felt a lot more at ease. “Alright.” Derrick happily
agreed.
After the exchange, Leonard applied to have a private conversation with
Emlyn.
The moment the other members of the Tarot Club were screened from them,
Emlyn asked, “When are you letting me out?”
Leonard maintained his posture and said, “This isn’t something I can decide
on. My suggestion is to get someone to contact the upper echelons of the
Sanguine as soon as possible and get them to think of a way to get you out.”
These two fellows created such an accident with the simple term “protective
custody”? The Fool Klein, who was listening by the side, felt the urge to
laugh, but he held back.
Emlyn’s expression darkened. After a few seconds, he said, “Will it be
useful finding the upper echelons of the Sanguine?”
“The Goddess is the Lady of Crimson. She still cares a lot about you guys
from the Moon domain. Although you do not believe in ‘Her,'” Leonard
said perfunctorily.
The real explanation in his heart was that an ancient race like the Sanguine,
who had lived for several years, definitely had some connections with the
various Churches, especially when the Sanguine Queen was still the Night
Emperor’s queen. At that time, the Church of Evemight had supported the
Night Emperor.
Emlyn also thought of this and nodded slightly.
“I’ll try to entrust this to Mr. World.”
This was the most reliable person he could think of.
Just as he said that, Emlyn and Leonard suddenly spoke at the same time:
“That won’t work.”
You also realized it?” The Moon Emlyn immediately glanced at The Star
beside him.
Leonard scoffed.
“It’s such a simple problem.”
Emlyn returned with a scoff.
“But you just suggested that I contact the upper echelons of the Sanguine.
“I’ve been locked up in the Church of Evernight for days. They must’ve
known about it long ago. They probably didn’t attempt to rescue me
because they’re observing, wanting to know who would rescue me; thus,
finding my partners,
Leonard looked elsewhere.
“That’s probably the case. So, you can only continue staying behind Chanis
Gate. Perhaps in a few more days, they’ll lose their patience and get you
out.”
Emlyn didn’t know what expression to show.
After a private exchange between the human and Sanguine, The World
Gehrman Sparrow looked at Fors and said, “Give me the venue and time for
the meeting. After the gathering, I’ll look for you and bring you to a new
place.”
“Alright.” Fors hurriedly applied to Mr. Fool and conjured a parchment.
While handing it over, she hesitated for a moment before asking, “Mr.
World, what needs to be taken note of this time?”
“Keep warm,” The World Gehrman Sparrow simply replied.
Keep warm… Fors was momentarily stunned, unsure of what he was trying
to get at.
After looking at the parchment, The World Gehrman Sparrow surveyed the
area and said, “Everyone in Backlund, please pay close attention to your
surroundings for anything abnormal.”
Firstly, it was very likely that Zaratul would “fish” out Amon. Secondly,
Demoness Trissy might be able to help Mr. Door prepare a ritual. Thirdly,
George III might take the final step to becoming the Black Emperor at some
point in time.
“Alright.” Audrey and the other members of the Tarot Club who were in
Backlund nodded one after another. They recalled the recent situation and
didn’t find anything out of the ordinary.
After another exchange, the other members requested Miss Justice to use
hypnosis to help them forget a portion of their memories. After this
gathering ended, one figure after another vanished above the gray fog,
leaving only The Fool Klein.
After sitting in silence for more than ten minutes, he thought of other
questions before returning to the real world. He “Teleported” to the agreed-
upon location and waited for Miss Magician to meet him.
It was almost winter, and the sky had turned dark at four in the afternoon.
Under the heavy black clouds, the street lamps hadn’t been lit, as coal and
gas resources were controlled due to the war.