Chapter 845

: Return
It really is the spirit world… Klein was delighted as he inwardly muttered
to himself.
Without needing further confirmation, his spirituality and spiritual
perception had told him that this was the real spirit world!
And this meant that he had returned to the real world, the place with all
kinds of delicacies.
I nearly cried tears of joy… Klein inwardly made a self-deprecating
comment as he considered where he was supposed to head to next.
From the position of the stars, moon, and sun, it’s still morning. If there’s
no time difference between the real world and the foggy town, it’s at most
7:30 a.m., or maybe earlier. At this point, the servants must’ve discovered
the disappearance of their mate, and they would definitely inform the
priests and bishops.
Even if they have received the corresponding training and would report to
their superiors according to the protocol, they will have to first eliminate the
possibility that someone was skiving away or having a stomachache. They
would need more than ten minutes before confirming this and begin taking
the necessary actions.
And after the report to their superiors, the priests and bishops wouldn’t be
able to instantly tell the severity of the matter. They would only believe that
the servant had escaped, and they wouldn’t quickly connect this matter to
the Keepers. After they do a divination or investigation to figure out the
truth, it would be twenty to thirty minutes later.
That also means that they likely haven’t begun their search in the
surrounding area to find the intruder. The identity of Dwayne Dantès hasn’t
been exposed yet.
Hmm, if the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula given by Zaratul is real, then
the identity of Dwayne Dantès still has many uses. If I can still keep the
identity going, I should try harder to not abandon it.
Besides, the only things that I’m wearing, which are real, are my glove and
underwear. If I head elsewhere, I’ll be a pervert…
Klein already had a choice he was leaning towards. He took out the iron
cigar case, which appeared to be inside his pocket, but was actually lodged
under a rubber band. He opened it and took out the gold coin inside.
“Returning to 160 Böklund Street is dangerous,” Klein muttered seven
times, and with a flick, he saw it slowly spin in the spirit world, wobbling
up and down, left and right, before landing on his palm.
This time, it was tails, indicating a negative response!
Klein nodded indiscernibly and immediately traveled towards Backlund.
After three stops, his figure finally appeared in his room at 160 Böklund
Street. The curtains were drawn tightly and it was dim. It was very suitable
for sleeping.
And on the bed, Dwayne Dantès was lying on the bed facing up. His hands
were grabbing the ends of the blanket near his neck.
From the looks of it, the investigation hasn’t reached me… This appearance
is ridiculous… Klein secretly heaved a sigh of relief and saw “Dwayne
Dantès” dissipate and turn into a palm-sized mirror.
Water ripples appeared on the mirror’s surface as silver light bloomed and
turned into Loenese text:
“Exalted Great Master, did you encounter something? Your loyal and
humble servant, Arrodes, failed to sense you before!”
“It wasn’t anything important,” Klein answered perfunctorily.
This made him confirm that Arrodes was unable to pry into the secrets that
happened in the foggy town. After all, this fellow was able to present the
environment where the rampaging Zaratul was.
It really is related to the authorities of a deity? Klein’s mind stirred as he
asked, “Did anyone look for me?”
“No, no one came to disturb you.” The silver on the mirror’s surface
changed and produced new words.
Klein felt truly relieved as he said to Arrodes, “You may leave. I’ll summon
you again if needed.”
“Alright, Master. Goodbye, Master~” Like before, Arrodes produced a
drawing of a hand waving on the mirror.
After the aqueous light vanished, the mirror was restored to normal. Klein
walked to the bedside and pulled out the pajamas underneath and wore it.
Then, he took out candles and other items before entering the bathroom. He
set up a sacrificial ritual, preparing to send Creeping Hunger, Azik’s copper
whistle, the iron cigar case, and the various mysticism materials above the
gray fog to avoid any investigations he might face.
After doing all of this, Klein didn’t delay and sat at The Fool’s seat. He
conjured the Bizarro Sorcerer’s potion formula in front of him.
“Sequence 4: Bizarro Sorcerer.
“Main ingredient: Bizarro Bane’s main eye, the true soul body of a Spirit
World Plunderer.
“Supplementary ingredients: 200 ml of a Bizarro Bane’s blood, 30 grams of
a Spirit World Plunderer, 10 grams of Red-hair Birch bark. One segment of
golden grapevines, fingernail-sized Self-made Rubber Mask.
“Advancement ritual: Relying on one’s strength and strategy, orchestrate a
grand performance before many spectators to kill a Beyonder creature at the
level of a demigod. Then, at the end of the performance, consume the
potion.”
Klein didn’t consider what this ritual actually meant. Beneath the potion
formula, he wrote a corresponding statement.
Following that, he summoned a spirit pendulum from the junk pile. Holding
it in his left hand, he began a divination.
Before long, Klein opened his eyes and saw the dangling topaz rotating
clockwise.
This meant that the Bizarro Sorcerer potion formula he had was genuine!
Phew… Klein exhaled as he took the opportunity to determine what kind of
changes Creeping Hunger had experienced, as well as what the various
negative side effects were.
After a dream divination and several direct attempts, he figured out the
exact situation in less than two minutes.
Creeping Hunger could now Graze seven souls. During each Grazing
process, it could obtain two or three Beyonder powers. One of them can be
chosen by the wearer.
There are currently eight souls inside Creeping Hunger. The others
completely dissipated from the mutation brought about by the Attendant of
Mysteries. And due to the excessive number of souls, it caused a
“congestion,” making some of the powers unusable. One soul needs to be
released to restore it back to normal.
At present, the first of the eight souls is Baron of Corruption, which is
Wormtongue Mithor. He fused with the Beyonder characteristics of the
same pathway that Mr. A had Grazed. Apart from Distortion and Bribe—
Weaken, there’s another area of effect Beyonder power called Corrosion. It
can turn the hearts of people within ten meters dark and greedy, making
them make irrational choices.
The second is Desire Apostle Kircheis. He fused with Mr. A’s Devil and
replaced Danger Premonition, which requires advanced activation before
being useful, with Sulfur Fireball. And Language of Foulness—Slow and
Sword of Lava have been enhanced.
Third is Traveler, Mr. X Lewis Wien. He fused with Mr. A’s Scribe. While
keeping Traveling and Door-Opening, it has obtained the Beyonder power
of Record. However, there’s a change. It’s unable to record ordinary
Beyonder powers, and it can only be used against targets at the demigod
level. The chance of success has been increased. Although it’s still very
troublesome, eight times or so would be needed as long as I’m not too
unlucky. In addition, it cannot record more than two demigod-level
Beyonder powers, and cannot exceed Sequence 3.
Fourth is Zombie Maveti. There hasn’t been any change. It’s still the
original Zombie Strength, Ice Control and Zombie Manipulation.
Fifth is an unknown Demoness of Affliction. She can give the user a rather
powerful sense of charm. In addition, one’s appearance would receive an
adjustment to a certain degree. In addition, she can provide an ailment that
covers 50 meters. Creatures within that range will slowly be infected, and
the effects slowly become severe. In the beginning, it might be
oversensitive skin, a cold, or a fever. But twenty to thirty seconds later, it
might very well turn into serious illnesses like pneumonia. After two or
three minutes, one can suddenly suffer cardiac arrest or a brain aneurysm.
Sixth is an unknown Wind-blessed. There are three Beyonder powers—
Short-distance Flight, Dive, and Water Control.
Seventh is an unknown Soul Assurer with the two Beyonder powers of
forcefully pulling one into a dream and causing a Spirit Body to sleep.
Eighth is an unknown Doctor with the three Beyonder powers of
distinguishing the time, treatment of serious ailments, and stitching souls.
At the same time, Creeping Hunger itself has Shadow Lurking and Flesh
Bomb. Furthermore, it has the chance and strength to barely Graze a
Sequence 4 saint.
It has instantly become so much stronger… As Klein was secretly
delighted, he also frowned at the negative side effects.
Now, Creeping Hunger had to eat a living person every day, otherwise it
would devour the wearer. At the same time, it would praise the True Creator
from time to time in the wearer’s mind. It would bring about chaotic
thoughts and a headache. Apart from those two, it was also still afraid of
mushrooms. No powers could be used if mushrooms appeared within five
meters of it.
To randomly praise the True Creator is really troublesome. Same for eating
a living person every day… I’ll first throw it above the gray fog and let it
calm down for a few days. Perhaps there might be some changes. If that
really doesn’t work, I can only write to Mr. Azik… Klein quickly made up
his mind and didn’t hesitate to release the Soul Assurer’s soul.
He also planned on swapping the Wind-blessed and Doctor later. The
Demoness of Affliction depended on the circumstances.
To the side of the bronze table, the Soul Assurer’s spirit surfaced. But due to
the mutation, it couldn’t be maintained once it lost its host. It rapidly
dissipated.
His Beyonder characteristic was produced. It was entirely black in color. At
its core was pure shimmering light that looked like a night sky with
embedded stars.
After doing this, Klein didn’t hesitate to throw Creeping Hunger and the
other items into the junk pile. He then quickly returned to the real world,
ended the ceremony, and cleared up any traces.
Following that, he washed his face and brushed his teeth to make Dwayne
Dantès look sharp.
After leaving the bathroom, Klein, in his pajamas, walked to the door with
his usual expression. He pulled open the door and said to his valet outside,
“Prepare a set of clothes that’s suitable for home wear.”
“Yes, sir.” Richardson didn’t ask why as he immediately walked to the
wardrobe.
Only at this point, with him seeing his servant’s back, did Klein confirm
that he was out of harm’s way and had returned back to his normal life.