Chapter 219

: Explanation
If The Fool had simply mentioned that there was some simple general
knowledge contained in Roselle’s diary, The Hanged Man, Alger, wouldn’t
necessarily be determined to pay the “price” for the answer, partly because
the description of it being “simple” killed his curiosity. Another aspect
stemmed from his constant wariness against making trades with The Fool,
as it reminded him of the examples when deals were made with evil gods
and devils.
But now that he knew the so-called contents of simple general knowledge,
his interest was piqued. Yet, he was unable to understand parts of the
description, much less gain any actual or deep grasp of the concept.
Therefore, he couldn’t hold back his urges to ask in absolute reverence,
“Mr. Fool, what kind of payment do you want?”
“Yes, yes!” Justice Audrey nodded her head nearly indiscernibly but very
frequently, indicating that this was something she wanted to ask as well.
Although The Sun Derrick remained silent and didn’t make any additional
body gestures, the look he gave to The Fool explained everything.
Klein, who was waiting for a such a response, smiled and said,
“Information regarding the Secret Order.”
“The Secret Order…” The Hanged Man Alger muttered to himself.
He wasn’t unfamiliar with this term. He had once received payment for
explaining to Miss Justice about many secret organizations, including the
Secret Order.
Audrey and Derrick both frowned subconsciously. The former’s only
understanding of the Secret Order was limited to what The Hanged Man
had described. And the latter had never even heard of such an organization.
Klein had long anticipated what The Sun would feel, but he wasn’t
surprised. According to his conjecture, the area where the City of Silver was
located should’ve been a part of the Third Epoch after the appearance of the
first Blasphemy Slate and before the appearance of the second Blasphemy
Slate. It was even possible that it was the direct catalyst or manifestation of
the cataclysm. The Zaratul family had only stepped onto the stage of history
in the Fourth Epoch, and the Secret Order was created in the latter half of
the Fourth Epoch. There was no way both entities could’ve existed in the
same period.
It would surprise Klein if the Sun were to know about the Secret Order. He
would then have to overturn some of his speculations, reconstruct his
knowledge of the City of Silver, the Forsaken Land of the Gods, and the
Zaratul family.
After nearly twenty seconds of silence, Alger looked at The Fool in the gray
fog, deliberated his words and said, “I will accept this request and help you
gather information regarding the Secret Order.
“Can you make ‘payment’ in advance?”
It wasn’t surprising that a suspected deity was interested in an ancient and
secret organization; therefore, Alger wasn’t puzzled about it.
More importantly, after many gatherings, he had a guess in his mind, which
was that Mr. Fool’s state wasn’t perfect, that “He” might be in a
predicament, that all “His” attempts and the actions of “His” adorers on the
Northern and Southern Continents were to help “Him” break free from
“His” confines.
This might even be related to the huge secret of why the seven deities no
longer descend upon the real world after the Fourth Epoch… A thought
flashed through Alger’s mind, and he shuddered as he felt himself entering
the realm of the gods.
Upon hearing The Hanged Man’s request, Klein leaned back in his chair
and nodded.
“No problem.
“If the information you have collected exceeds the value of the answer, I
will provide you with further compensation.”
As for the circumstances in which the value of the answer was lacking, it is
naturally up to the esteemed Mr. Fool to decide. If he has the ability to
make the additional payment, so be it. If not, forget it… Klein silently
added.
Justice Audrey’s eyes lit up all of a sudden. She raised her hand and said, “I
want to partake in this deal.”
Klein laughed and replied, “Sure.”
Frankly speaking, his main target was Miss Justice because she was a local
of Backlund and she had mixed herself into several Beyonder circles. Her
access to information in the “Land of Hope” far exceeded his, considering it
was his first time in the capital. She was also more informed than The
Hanged Man who was out at sea most of the time.
According to the earlier revelation he received from his divination, Klein
believed that the clues related to the Secret Order would appear in Backlund
and not anywhere else.
The Sun Derrick listened quietly and after some thought, said, “I’m willing
to use the payment I reserved and exchange it for the answer.”
In the previous three-way deal, he had traded the Sequence 8 Telepathist
formula for Sequence 9 Bard. Klein had promised to compensate him, and
his choice at the time had been to save it up and prepare for the subsequent
potion formulas and main ingredients.
Klein nodded his head and gave an explanation that he had long prepared.
“The so-called Similar Sequence refers to how High-Sequence Beyonders
are exchangeable with other pathways.
“Let me give an example. The Death pathway’s Sequence 5, Gatekeeper,
can not only be advanced normally, but one can also choose the Giant
pathway, which is the Gatekeeper pathway’s Sequence 4, Demon Hunter.
“This won’t lead to the danger of losing control, nor will it accumulate
madness. It’s different from taking the wrong potion.
“Of course, if it’s not a similar Sequence, a semi-deranged state is the best
result.”
“Exchangeable?” Audrey blurted out, surprised and delighted.
She was surprised that Sequence pathways weren’t completely fixed, that
they didn’t need to follow the original path all the way. The price of
switching wasn’t being semi-deranged and never to advance again. Within
the 22 divine pathways, there were special circumstances and Sequences
which were similar!
And what delighted her was that she had another chance to choose again in
the future. It was just like being able to select something that caught her
interest at Philip’s Department Store. It was a wonderful experience!
So that’s how it is… Alger silently muttered to himself, suddenly feeling
like he had understood several things at once, and he had resolved many of
the doubts accumulated in his past experiences.
This information is way too valuable! As expected of Mr. Fool. So-called
simple general knowledge is enough to shock and awe most Low-Sequence
Beyonders and benefit them immensely. He sighed inwardly.
Derrick the Sun was a little disappointed because he had no intention of
changing Sequences. He wanted to be the Sun that lit up the darkness and
dispelled the curse.
However, he quickly recalled an incident that happened in the City of
Silver:
The former Chief, a powerhouse who had the greatest possibility of
breaking past the limitations of Demon Hunter, had built a mausoleum for
himself and went deep inside, making it his home.
Afterwards, he appeared less and less, until the main door of the
mausoleum could no longer be opened.
Back then, the citizens of the City of Silver all believed that a problem had
arisen during the Chief’s advancement and that he had gone mad, to the
point of being close to losing control. He was believed to have finished
himself off.
Now, combined with the description from The Fool, The Sun suddenly
thought of another possibility.
That Chief might’ve been attempting to advance in Sequence through a
similar pathway!
In one of his explorations deep into the darkness, he had acquired the
corresponding formula for the Death pathway, and the mausoleum might
have been a special requirement… But in the end, he still failed? But why
didn’t he turn into a monster? What did he encounter in that dark
mausoleum?
The City of Silver doesn’t have the subsequence Sequence potion formulas
after Demon Hunter?
As these thoughts crossed his mind, Derrick was suddenly jolted back to his
senses by Miss Justice’s reserved voice.
“Mr. Fool, may I ask what other pathways are exchangeable with the
Spectator Sequencer pathway?”
Sequence 4 Demon Hunter sounds pretty good… That’s very suitable for
me, very suitable for ‘Justice!’ Audrey admired the first High-Sequence
name that she knew.
I want to know too… Klein was tempted to answer Miss Justice’s question
in such a manner.
Before he could say anything, Audrey added in a faltering tone, “I-I can pay
for the answer to this question. H-how many gold pounds do you think is
enough? I-I believe that your adorer will need a certain amount of funds for
their activities…”
Having said that, she recalled how Mr. Fool’s adorer had easily finished
Pirate Admiral Qilangos who possessed Creeping Hunger. Clearly, he was a
High-Sequence Beyonder, so she nearly said, “I apologize. Mr. Fool, treat it
as though I never said a thing.”
However, since she had already asked, she couldn’t back down! Come on,
Audrey! Perhaps The Fool has a weaker adorer? Audrey quietly bit at her
lips, silently encouraging herself.
Gold pounds? Klein thought about it seriously and said, “We’ll make the
transaction after enough information about the Secret Order is gathered.”
As he spoke, he recalled his informant in the Psychology Alchemists,
Daxter Guderian.
Captain and I-I… Sigh… Daxter’s identity as an informant can no longer be
verified. I wonder if it’s a tragedy or a comedy… It’s a pity that I can no
longer contact him anymore. Otherwise, it would be the most convenient
way to obtain the information regarding the Spectator pathway from him…
Klein smirked.
“Alright.” Audrey answered happily.
The conversation between the two made The Hanged Man, who was about
to ask a similar question, shut his mouth. He left it until he had gathered
enough information on the Secret Order.
After a brief silence, Audrey turned her head to look at Mr. Fool and raised
her hand very slightly.
After receiving a nod of confirmation, she turned to the member opposite
her and asked with a sense of anticipation, “Mr. Hanged Man, my tip
allowed you to finish Rear Admiral Hurricane. Have you prepared the
complete pituitary gland of a mature Rainbow Salamander?”
That’s one of the reasons why I returned to the sea… Alger nodded gently
and said, “I’ve gotten the Beyonder material you wanted.
“But how should I give it to you?”
How? How should it be given to me… Audrey froze for a moment as she
lost herself in thought.
It’s impossible to just give my address… Nor can I go through Xio and Fors.
That will reveal the fact that I’m a Beyonder… Hmm, it’s not impossible.
Emperor Roselle once said that when we should choose the lesser of two
evils…
At that moment, Klein’s heart stirred. He lightly tapped the edge of the long
table and smiled.
“Miss, Sir, are you willing to cooperate with me in making an attempt
regarding this matter?”