Chapter 537

: Excessive Spiritual Perception
Behind the door was a bare-chested man with a hideous blue sea serpent
tattooed on his arm and short streaks of red paint painted on the sides of his
cheeks, chest, and abdomen, each group formed out of three streaks.
Really exotic… However, aren’t you afraid of being too conspicuous? Aren’t
you afraid of being caught by the police while you’re outside? You’re part
of the Resistance that engages in secret operations! Klein was about to
retract his gaze when he was almost forced to frown by the man’s thick,
messy eyebrows and cold-blooded eyes.
He has killed many people… Klein made a rough judgment based on his
spiritual intuition.
Honestly speaking, due to his previous life’s identity and knowledge, he
initially held a lot of sympathy for the rebels under colonial rule. However,
after hearing that the man and the followers of the Sea God Kalvetua
basically engaged in the same acts, he became even more wary and
repulsed.
This wasn’t to say that he discriminated against the local faith, but rather, he
understood that the traditional faith of all the colonial islands was still in a
primitive stage that believed in sacrifice. They worshiped with food and
blood, using living sacrifices, and were still in a state of complete
ignorance.
In addition, with the experiences of the Emperor and myself, the Beyonder
nature of this world is filled with madness and twistedness. A “deity” still in
the primitive stage of sacrifice is basically unable to resist this trend. It’s
quite obvious what kind of style they follow… Without a word, Klein
followed Danitz into the room.
“Edmonton, who’s here?” A mild voice sounded from the area near the
windows.
The tattooed man closed the door and said, “They’ve disguised
themselves.”
At that moment, Klein had taken a good look at the situation in the room
and gained a basic understanding of it.
The living room wasn’t very large. A cupboard, a table, and a few chairs
were enough to make it look cramped.
To the right were two doors leading to what appeared to be a bedroom; to
the left was a “kitchen” separated by a cabinet. As for the washroom, there
was no doubt that there wasn’t one. When Klein went upstairs, he
discovered that there was a common washroom at the corner of each flight
of stairs. The stench of them not being washed for extended periods of time
urged any passersby to walk up faster.
Directly in front of him was a window. Two bamboo poles hung out and
were used to hang a lot of clothes to dry.
There were four or five men sitting or standing in the bedroom’s doorway
and the living room. All of them were dark-skinned natives with slightly
curly hair. They wore dark blue Taraba shirts and more or less had red paint
on their bare skin, and as for the sea serpent tattoo, Klein couldn’t tell if it
was there or not because of the clothing.
Some of them had revolvers at their waists, some carrying brownish-red
hunting rifles. Some even carried gray steel backpacks and long, thick high-
pressure steam rifles. They formed a semicircle around Danitz and Klein,
who had just entered the room.
The person who spoke was a wheelchair-bound man in his forties. He wore
a jacket and had a blanket over his knees.
He had a shaved head, a slightly green beard on both sides of his face, and
his dark brown eyes were calm and collected.
He glanced at his visitor and slowly smiled.
“Blazing.”
Danitz was stunned for a moment before forcing out a laugh.
“Kalat, you have a good eye.”
Dogshit! Am I so bad at disguising myself? he roared inwardly, unwilling to
accept the fact.
Kalat ignored Blazing’s insincere praise and instead, chuckled.
“I heard that you killed Steel and Blood Brambles?”
“How else would they be dead?” Danitz retorted without hesitation.
Kalat narrowed his eyes, slowly shifting his gaze to Klein, who had a
featureless face.
He knew very well that Blazing Danitz alone would have a hard time killing
Blood Brambles Hendry, much less Steel Maveti. His success was rumored
to be due to the help of a powerful adventurer, a seasoned bounty hunter.
Is it the person beside him? When he looked into Klein’s eyes, he didn’t see
any nervousness, worry, or vigilance. Those eyes were like a deep ocean.
It could very well be… At the very least, he’s stronger than Blazing! He
signaled to Edmonton and the others with his eyes, secretly informing them
to be on their guard.
“What are you doing here?” Kalat didn’t pursue the subject.
Danitz subconsciously looked at Klein, and after seeing his nod of
affirmation, he replied, “Here to see what good things you have to offer.”
Kalat pointed to a table and said, “It’s all placed there.”
There were many strange and different items laid out, including a whistle
made of bone, a simple and crude bagpipe, an iron-black leaf, and a rock
stained with blood…
Without waiting for Klein and Danitz to examine the items, Kalat clapped
his hands and said, “I have a mission.
“If you can complete it, you can freely choose an item from these at no
additional cost.”
He laughed and added, “By the definition of you foreigners, they aren’t
mystical objects, but they all have some supernatural power, but it will
slowly, yes—slowly weaken until it disappears.”
“What mission?” Klein asked calmly, having no intention of hiding the fact
that Danitz was only a follower.
He reached into the blanket that extended to his knees and took out a stack
of white paper.
“Find out where they are.
“If you can catch them directly, you will get even more.”
He raised his arms and began to display lifelike portraits, including a lady
with greenish-gray eyes dressed in a man’s shirt.
Leticia Dolera… Klein recognised who the Resistance was looking for at a
glance.
It was the female archaeologist and adventurer he had met last night and
had boarded the same ship with this morning. She was suspected to be a
member of the Moses Ascetic Order or the Element Dawn.
Danitz looked at it closely for two seconds and found the picture vaguely
familiar.
Suddenly, he remembered where he had seen her before.
Gehrman Sparrow had shown it in his dreams!
He had just asked the captain about it in the afternoon, and we’re already
bumping into something relevant in the evening… Isn’t he too resourceful at
gathering information? Danitz resisted his urge to glance at the crazy
adventurer beside him, afraid that Kalat and Edmonton would notice
something amiss.
He was very experienced in this area.
The Resistance, who believe in the Sea God, are looking for Leticia… The
faith of the Sea God spreads throughout the Rorsted Archipelago, including
Symeem… There was a snake last night… The image of the Sea God is that
of a gigantic sea serpent… Klein superimposed the two matters together
and quickly came to a preliminary conclusion.
Archaeologist Leticia and company had obtained an important item
involving the Sea God in the forgotten temple in the ancient forest of
Symeem Island. Hence, it resulted in last night’s probing and the
Resistance’s search!
Klein thought for a moment, then he gave a perfunctory reply, “I’ll keep an
eye out.”
I won’t randomly get myself involved in matters related to evil spirits. Of
course, if it’s necessary, then I will report it to the officials… he silently
added a few words inwardly.
Kalat nodded and said, “Take a look first and see if there’s anything you
want.”
Klein walked over and was just about to inquire as he made his selection
when he suddenly sensed something and subconsciously looked towards the
right side of the item pile.
There was a short sword made of thin bones. It was slightly longer than a
forearm and had a milky white body. There were a few dark red deep stripes
on it.
It can trigger my spiritual perception… Klein stretched out his right hand in
an attempt to pick up the sharp bone sword, that was placed right at the
front, to carefully examine it.
The moment his fingers touched the bone sword, cries of despair and pain
suddenly echoed in his mind. A thick stench of blood faintly appeared at the
tip of his nose, and he seemed to see many distorted and rotten illusory
figures that were covered in mucus.
Klein’s forehead ached, as though he had been pierced by a needle, and he
subconsciously retracted his finger.
A little sinister… It’s not a simple item… Klein, who had experienced things
far more intense before, only showed a slight change in expression.
He resisted the urge to activate his Spirit Vision, afraid that he would see
something he shouldn’t.
Noticing this, Kalat exchanged glances with Edmonton and said with a
smile, “This bone sword is capable of draining an enemy’s blood. It’s not
bad. Do you want it?”
A little proactive… Klein frowned, relaxed his brows immediately, and then
he said in a deep voice, “No, there’s nothing I want here.”
If Kalat hadn’t asked, he was even planning on buying the bone sword and
researching it above the gray fog. However, the fact that the man promoted
it had left him vigilant. Thus, he rationally abandoned his original plans.
Kalat crossed his hands and said, “It’s not expensive at all.
“Or would you like to look at something else?”
“There’s no need.” Klein’s pupils shrank suddenly as he turned and walked
straight towards the door.
Danitz hesitated momentarily before hurrying after him.
Edmonton, who had a sea serpent tattoo on his arm, watched silently. He
seemed as if he would reach out and stop them at any moment, but in the
end, he didn’t do anything.
They were the powerful adventurers who had killed Steel Maveti and Blood
Brambles Hendry!
Once out of the room, Klein stomped down the stairs without saying a
word. Danitz ran after him, alarmed.
Based on his take of the situation, he didn’t inquire about the situation and
only followed.
The two quickly returned to the square, and the crowd which had gathered
once again to either kneel or prostrate scattered once more.
But unlike before, there was a man who had still remained kneeling on the
ground, motionless.
Klein didn’t even glance at him as he walked past without stopping.
However, Danitz had taken a subconscious look, only to discover that the
man’s face was as dry as a weathered rock.
Pa!
A piece of flesh from the man’s cheek fell to the ground; it was a piece of
grayish skin with facial hair attached to it.
He seemed to have lost all the moisture in his body.
Danitz was startled and didn’t dare to look again, feeling that things had
become strange and dangerous at some point.
The two of them passed through the alleys, left the city, and boarded a
rental carriage.
The carriage driver was obviously a native, around forty years old, and his
laughter was very pleasing.
But along the way, he didn’t say a word. It was so quiet that it made Danitz
feel like his heart was beating like a drum.
Klein pursed his lips and remained silent.
The rental carriage quickly arrived at the dock area. In order to change his
attire, Danitz got it to stop a distance from Acid Lemon Street.
After getting off the carriage, Klein didn’t pay the fare or stop. He
immediately took large strides and left, leaving Danitz stunned.
He tossed two soli to the carriage driver and hurriedly chased after
Gehrman Sparrow.
After a few steps, he looked back and saw the driver kneeling down with a
face full of zeal and devoutness. He leaned over the ground and kissed the
ground where Klein had stepped.