Chapter 320

: Action
An abnormal reaction? From the looks of it, it really is a Card of
Blasphemy! Above the gray fog, Klein, who received the reply, was
delighted at first, but he then exclaimed in surprise.
Isn’t Miss Justice way too efficient?
I only entrusted the mission to her this afternoon, and she has already
completed the verification by the evening…
Furthermore, this is obviously past the closing time of the Royal Museum!
A Telepathist also definitely lacks infiltration abilities!
Hmm, her family’s influence is probably even greater than I expected…
Thankfully, the verification didn’t produce any strange phenomena;
otherwise, the only thing that can be done is to allow Miss Justice to act
innocent and hand the card over to the higher authorities. And this also
means that I’m not fated to have this treasure… There’s nothing in this
world with a hundred percent certainty…
Amidst his thoughts, Klein heard Miss Justice’s subsequent question.
“Mr. Fool, exactly what secret lies in that bookmark?
“Well, if your adorer is unwilling to give you the answer, just pretend that I
didn’t ask.”
Of course, the secret is that it hides a Card of Blasphemy inside! Klein was
overjoyed as he silently sighed.
After thinking it over carefully, he decided to wait until he obtained the
Card of Blasphemy before replying to Miss Justice; otherwise, she might
appear too shocked and act strangely, causing his own actions to be
negatively affected.
Klein was in no hurry to return to the real world. He just sat there in the
silent, empty old palace, thinking about when to act and how to do it.
Miss Justice has done some damage to that bookmark, so I wonder if
someone would later discover the damage… Otherwise, would the
bookmark slowly show signs of abnormality and attract attention… Thus, I
cannot afford to delay or wait. It would be best if I take action tonight! As
all sorts of ideas churned through his mind, Klein gradually came to a
decision.
Then, on the basis of his morning observations, he conjured the layout of
the Royal Museum’s first floor and the general conditions surrounding it.
Looking at this blueprint, Klein began going through different plans and
quickly established a relatively safe plan.
Finally, he made another divination to confirm the degree of danger.
After seeing that nothing had changed, he returned to the real world and
began making all sorts of preparations.
What Klein originally wanted to do was to “draw” the pattern in his
memory, forge a similar bookmark, and replace it after he had sneaked in
via responding to himself. He wanted to ensure that no one noticed or know
for a long time that the bookmark had been stolen. By the time it was
discovered, it would be too late for others to trace the incident back to him.
However, after much deliberation, he felt that this wasn’t good. As long as
the fake bookmark was discovered, the most suspicious person would be
Miss Justice who touched the original bookmark today.
I can’t put Miss Justice at risk for the sake of a treasure. She did this to help
me! Klein finally figured out how to keep Miss Justice from being
suspected.
His plan was to not only steal the bookmark but to also steal the
surrounding items as well, including some of the lighter books!
Phew… After finishing his preparations, Klein took out his gold pocket
watch and opened it. He patiently waited until after nine. He wanted to act
before midnight.
If he were too early, people living around there wouldn’t have started
sleeping. That wouldn’t satisfy his requirement for taking action. If he were
too late, there would be almost no pedestrians on the streets. Just walking
along the streets would make him be easily suspected, and during this
period of time, the whole of Backlund was under tight curfews due to serial
murders.
This was beneficial to Klein’s operation, but it was also disadvantageous!
Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. The needle kept ticking. As the night deepened, the
crimson moon appeared and it was finally past nine.
Putting the Master Key and other items in his pockets, he took his cane and
first went to East Borough to change his attire. Then, he rented a carriage
several times until he reached a place quite far from King’s Avenue in West
Borough.
By then, an hour and forty-five minutes had already passed.
His initial plan was actually nothing like this. He wanted to summon
himself and respond to himself to become a spirit body. He wanted to rely
on his extremely fast speed to cross the distance from Cherwood Borough
to West Borough before infiltrating the Royal Museum.
However, he eventually abandoned the plan because of the potentially high
risks.
Backlund had more than one High-Sequence Beyonder!
In a situation where a serial killer caused everyone to panic, yet remained
unsolved for such a long time, there might be High-Sequence Beyonders
who were consciously using their Beyonder powers or corresponding
Sealed Artifacts to monitor certain areas. The distance from Cherwood
Borough to West Borough was neither too long nor too short, and the
probability of being discovered was substantial if such a special spirit flew
like this.
This cannot be completely written off just because the divination result says
that “the risk isn’t high, but there is the existence of certain danger,”
because the divination doesn’t give a direct answer, but a revelation that
needs to be interpreted.
In other words, the results of “the risk isn’t high, but there is the existence
of certain danger” is built on the premise that I make a relatively good
choice.
Therefore, to be careful, Klein modified his original plan but retained the
core idea.
…
2 King’s Avenue, Royal Museum.
There were four security guards standing on top of a polygonal roof.
Dressed in thick robes, they were enduring the cold of the autumn night as
they carefully monitored their respective directions. Once anyone
approached the museum, even if they were hidden by the trees or building
shadows, it would be difficult to hide from their eyes.
From this arrangement alone, it could be seen that the security company
that had been employed was very professional.
“There’s still half an hour before our shift ends…” A security guard looked
down at his companions who were patrolling the building and shook his
body.
In the museum, the remaining security personnel were divided into four
groups. They patrolled the various exhibition halls in intervals according to
different routes.
In the showroom where Roselle’s diary was kept, the Machinery Hivemind
squad captain, Max Livermore, wore a monocle that allowed him to directly
see wraiths, shadows, and other spirit-type monsters. He carried a lantern as
he went back and forth to check on the area. Occasionally, he would head to
the other halls to check on the situation.
His two subordinates remained in the small hall, next to Roselle’s diary.
However, there was an additional item on the glass display case.
It was a collection of brightly colored blocks that had been pieced together
into a miniature layout of the museum’s first floor.
This was also a Sealed Artifact. As long as those blocks were pieced into
the shape of a corresponding building, they would be able to establish a
connection with the real building. Once anyone intruded, its surface would
react immediately by shrinking.
Of course, there were quite a few limitations to this. The distance couldn’t
be too far, and it wouldn’t work if the number of blocks it had wasn’t
enough to piece together the building.
And without external help, it was almost impossible for people or items
inside to leave.
“Captain, do you really think someone will steal this notebook? I can’t
comprehend it at all!” one of the team members asked in a bored tone when
he saw Max coming back with his lantern.
Max smiled and said, “Some people adore Roselle with zeal. It’s not
something you can understand.
“Some of them believe that they can crack it and only need more
information for reference. Some of them believe that the symbols contain a
mysterious power. As long as they can find the correct combination, they
will gain Beyonder powers.
“In previous exhibitions, we would capture such criminals from time to
time.”
“So that’s why we didn’t hide the notebook away and placed them in sealed
areas? We are waiting for these people to ‘surrender’ themselves?” another
teammate asked with enlightenment.
Max nodded and said, “Who wouldn’t want free meritorious deeds?”
…
18 King’s Avenue. Outside a building next to a crossroad junction.
Klein followed the shadows and shaded areas, using the Master Key from
time to time to walk in a straight line before finally arriving here.
He took out the plain brass key, pointed it at the kitchen door, and turned it
silently.
An imperceptible rippling happened as Klein entered the room. All the way
through, he saw doors and walls, and without disturbing anyone, he found a
storage room.
This Master Key is really useful! However, both of its previous owners lost
themselves and entered dangerous spots. It makes me afraid of continuously
carrying it… Klein sighed as he put away the brass key. With the room
beside him being the servants’ sleeping quarters, he took out Holy Night
Powder and released his spirituality to seal off the storage room, making
any commotion from within impossible to leak out.
Then, he took out a candle and placed it on a crate in front of him.
Pa! He snapped his finger and produced a light blue spirituality fire on his
fingertip.
After the candle wick was lit, he summoned himself using ritualistic magic
and then responded to himself above the gray fog.
Less than a minute later, Klein was floating in the room, facing his body
whose eyes had lost their luster.
After familiarizing himself with this feeling, he wrapped the ancient and
exquisite Azik copper whistle to stabilize his spirit body and made it
stronger. It caused a chilly wind to begin to swirl in the room.
At the same time, he also used this power to slightly change the appearance
of his illusory spirit body, causing it to appear as if there was a layer of
paint on its face.
After doing all of this, Klein took a box of common matches he randomly
bought off the streets, cut out a transparent door in the wall of spirituality,
and headed out.
“Action time!”
He silently encouraged himself, and just like a real ghost, he passed through
the residential buildings, one by one, before successfully arriving outside
the Royal Museum.
There was no need to activate his Spirit Vision. In this state, he could
clearly see every security personnel, their aura, and emotions which
unreservedly betrayed them.
Finding the withered lawn and the iron-black lamppost that faced the hall
window, Klein didn’t swagger over just because ordinary people couldn’t
see him. Instead, he followed the shadows and took an elusive route. He
passed through the sculpted tree and obstacles before cautiously arriving at
his destination. He stuck close to the wall, as he couldn’t guarantee that the
security personnel didn’t comprise of a member of the Machinery
Hivemind.
At this moment, the four security guards on the rooftop, who were carefully
inspecting their respective areas of operations, were like blind people. They
failed to discover anything.
Klein didn’t enter the exhibition hall directly, because his spiritual
perception and intuition told him that the museum floor was shrouded in a
mysterious power. It also had to do with how he couldn’t confirm if there
were Beyonders inside.
He followed his plan and circled to another area, to the washroom that was
closer to the exhibition hall that housed Roselle’s diary. Then, he threw the
box of matches he had brought with him through the vent.
Next, he flew up and entered the second floor!