Chapter 1074

: The Answer to Questions
After Audrey and Leonard left the gray fog, Klein didn’t immediately return
to the real world.
He was still sitting on the high-back chair that belonged to The World,
silent for more than ten seconds.
Then, he beckoned for an item.
It was a “heart” that was the size of a child’s fist, one that full of grayish-
white wrinkles:
A Manipulator’s Beyonder characteristic!
Holding the Beyonder characteristic, Klein stood up and walked out of the
majestic palace. He entered the depths of the mysterious space above the
gray fog and arrived at the staircase of light that seemed to lead to a divine
kingdom.
Walking along the stairs, he walked up to the floating grayish-white clouds
and stood in front of the strange door of light and the hanging transparent
cocoons. Klein raised his right hand, lifting the brain-like, heart-like
Manipulator Beyonder characteristic to his chest and extended his
spirituality, hoping to use it.
He wanted to see if there were still any subconscious thoughts in the people
inside the “cocoons.” He wanted to see if they had put together a miniature
sea of collective subconscious.
If that happened, he planned to use Hvin Rambis’s Manipulator Beyonder
characteristic to enter the consciousness and check on the psyche branding
to figure out what the people who had been hanging above the door of light
had experienced before their “transmigration.” He wanted to know if they
sensed anything during that long “slumber.”
This was the inspiration that the expedition today gave him.
Of course, the Beyonder characteristic left behind by Hvin Rambis might
not be able to help Klein do what he wanted.
It was because it hadn’t been made into a mystical item, and it was very
difficult to use effectively.
In an instant, the grayish-white and wrinkled “heart” in Klein’s hand started
to beat slowly as it emitted thumping sounds.
Klein then heard the synchronized heartbeats among the transparent
“cocoons.”
Thump! Thump…
This meant that the people inside were still alive, only in a certain state of
slumber.
In Klein’s vision, their figures gradually evolved into several blurry islands
beneath them.
This represented their consciousness.
However, these spiritual islands were also trapped within transparent
“cocoons,” separating them from the prying eyes of the outside world.
Similarly, they were unable to integrate and create a sea of collective
subconscious.
Unless the ‘cocoon’ is destroyed, there’s no way to bypass them and enter
the corresponding mind world… Klein muttered to himself and lowered the
hand holding the Manipulator Beyonder characteristic.
After a few seconds, he sighed deeply and turned around to leave.
In Empress Borough, the opulent villa of Earl Hall.
With the silk blanket over her, Audrey, who was sleeping soundly with her
eyes closed, suddenly opened her eyes.
She then sat up, moved to the side of the bed, and prayed sincerely to Mr.
Fool, asking “Him” to witness her vow to secrecy.
After she was done with this matter, she pulled a pillow over and placed it
behind her waist, reminiscing over the experiences that she had yet to
“forget” during the exploration.
The history of ancient times is really interesting and terrifying… Mr. Star’s
performance is similar to my usual observations of him. He’s more carefree
and casual, and his thoughts easily wander in an uncontrollable manner. Yet,
there are matters where he shows his experience and acuity. He’s rather
reliable… This isn’t a contradiction, as many people have such “mixed
layers to themselves”…
Mr. World is indeed a gentle person. He doesn’t seem to wear much of an
expression on his face, but he’s secretly inwardly muttering something to
himself all the time. His mental conversations with Mr. Star can practically
be adapted into a play…
People call him a crazy adventurer who doesn’t care about his surroundings,
one that directly draws his gun to shoot when he sees a target… Well, at the
last moment, I thought he would attempt to approach the bronze door, but in
the end… He fled. No, he broke away so decisively! Audrey’s lips slowly
curled up when she thought of this.
Then, she made a conclusion.
The facts have proven that, in the mysterious world, unless one has
completely lost all sense of rationality or has given up on thinking, there
will not be any Beyonders who will really do crazy things. One has to be
careful and cautious, not seeing things that shouldn’t be seen, and not hear
things that shouldn’t be heard.
Audrey, you must remember this!
7 Pinster Street. Leonard returned to his body.
He quickly thought of how he should talk to Pallez Zoroast before
pretending like nothing had happened and saying in a deep voice, “Old
Man, I have something to ask you.”
In his mind, Pallez’s slightly-aged voice immediately laughed.
“You have to remember this. The more you ask, the more I can guess what
you did tonight.”
“It’s not like there’s anything that needs to be kept a secret…” Leonard
replied habitually before getting down to the main issue. “Old Man, what
do you know about the Amon’s brother?”
“That depends on what you want to know.” Pallez Zoroast tossed the
question back at Leonard.
Leonard thought for a moment and said, “After Amon’s brother obtained 0-
08, is ‘He’ only short of the ritual to become a god?”
Probably.” Pallez didn’t give an affirmative answer.
Leonard wasn’t too satisfied with this answer. Instead, he said, “I remember
you mentioning it once. In the early stages of the Solomon Empire, the two
Kings of Angels, Medici and Ouroboros were quite scared of Amon and his
brother. This means that they were already very close to being divine.”
This was something that Pallez had occasionally mentioned during their
previous exchanges. This time, Leonard had confirmed it from some of
Mobet’s answers.
“Heh, I’ve only said the first half of the sentence. I didn’t tell you that
Amon and Adam are very close to being divine.” Pallez rejected Leonard’s
claim. “There are too many possibilities as to why Medici and Ouroboros
are afraid. It’s not just because ‘He’ is close to being divine. It’s not enough
to make such a conclusion based on that.”
The Sequence 1 angel cleared his throat and continued, “‘Them’ being close
to being divine is one of the possibilities. Adam and Amon wield unique
authorities, and them being hard to deal with is another possibility. For
instance, you will always have no idea that Adam is sitting beside you. You
have no idea if what you’re doing was arranged by ‘Him,’ nor do you know
that you’re walking into ‘His’ trap by your own volition. Heh, I’m referring
to you, not me. Of course, I also have to be way of such matters. Letting my
guard down might result in terrible consequences for me too.
“As for Amon, ‘He’ has many different ideas and has a ‘do-it’ spirit, making
it hard for people to guess ‘His’ motives and be on guard against ‘Him.’
Besides, ‘He’ is very good at deceit. There’s always some conspiracy
behind ‘Him.’ In that era, apart from the true deities, there was no one who
wasn’t afraid of ‘Him.’ Heh heh, even true deities had to be wary of him;
otherwise, they might have certain authorities stolen by ‘Him’ at some point
in time.”
Leonard nodded indiscemibly and diverted the topic:
“Old Man, do you think the Spectator pathway is hiding any secrets?”
“I don’t think there are any secrets below the level of angel. I’m not sure of
anything above it.” Pallez said after pondering for a few seconds.
Without waiting for Leonard to respond, “He” hesitantly added, “I heard
from Medici that high-level Beyonders of the Spectator pathway are the
hardest to lose control or go crazy, but it’s also the easiest to lose control
and go crazy.”
“Why?” Leonard asked in surprise.
Pallez Zoroast scoffed and said, “I have some guesses, but I lack the
necessary evidence and logic behind them. I don’t want to tell you for the
time being.”
“You actually don’t have any ideas or theories, right…” Leonard habitually
grumbled.
“Don’t try your little tricks in front of me.” The slightly-aged voice wasn’t
affected at all.
Leonard didn’t dare to ask further as he deliberated for a moment before
saying, “Old Man, I went to a real dream this time. There were quite a lot of
psyche remnants of people from ancient times in it.
“Do you know a viscount named Mobet Zoroast?”
“Mobet…” Pallez’s voice suddenly aged significantly before returning to
normal. “He’s a direct descendant of my bloodline. He vanished after a
large-scale war, and I thought that he had been killed by Amon or Jacob in
passing, causing me to fail to divine the murderer… From the looks of it,
things weren’t that simple.”
“Indeed.” Leonard gave an affirmative answer. Then, he briefly provided
the gist of things: “He’s been dead for some time, leaving some of his
psyche behind. In that real dream, he married a songster from the elves…”
After listening quietly, Pallez said after a while, “That’s good, too…”
Leonard had originally wanted to mention that Mobet also addressed Pallez
as “Old Man,” but he suddenly couldn’t bring himself to. He had no choice
but to end the conversation there.
After witnessing Leonard’s and Audrey’s vow, Klein returned to the real
world.
He tidied up the altar in the room, took out a pen and paper, and drew a
complicated symbol that was a mixture of concealment and mystery prying.
He wanted to summon Arrodes to ask how it had confirmed that Groselle’s
Travels had appeared after the disappearance of the City of Miracles,
Liveseyd.
After waiting for more than ten seconds, the full-body mirror in the room lit
up with a faint aqueous light.
Silver words appeared one after another in the dim light:
“Exalted, benevolent, Great Master, your puny, loyal, and humble servant,
Arrodes, is here to answer your summoning!
“Do you have any orders for me?”
“Some questions.” After giving his answer, Klein was in no hurry to ask
about the matter regarding Groselle’s Travels, intending to start with
something that wasn’t very sensitive first.
He thought and said, “Arrodes, there’s an abandoned castle in Delaire
Forest. In the depths of it is a pair of bronze doors. It seems to be sealing
some power coming from underground. Do you know what it is?”
The moment he finished speaking, the light on the full-body mirror’s
surface suddenly dimmed and turned pitch-black. In the pitch-blackness,
white, liquefied words appeared one after another:
“I came from underground…”