Chapter 833

: Things to Take Note Of
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Inside the dark, foggy town, the woman who walked out of the alley
seemed to be out of place with her surroundings. She was pure, stately, and
untainted. She was so gorgeous that it lit up the eyes of anyone whose gaze
landed on her.
As for her pure, simple robe and her loosely pulled back hair, they added to
her bearing and languidness.
That gorgeous woman also noticed Senor. Her expression froze for a
moment before she smiled. using a sweet voice, she said, “Senor…
“When did you become a marionette? If not for the powers of Evernight
contaminating you this badly, I wouldn’t have recognized you.”
Although she looked like she was talking to Senor, she was actually
conversing with the controller through the marionette.
Sigh, this kind of dead and cold aura can’t be hidden at all. I can’t fool
Beyonders of higher Sequences… I was still hoping that I could hide
somewhere inconspicuous and use Admiral of Blood Senor to make contact
with her so as to maximize my own safety… This place screens away the
power of the gray fog, so if I were to die, I likely won’t be able to
resurrect… Klein hid inside the grayish-white mill and made his marionette
speak hoarsely, “If you could leave, you’d easily find out that I’ve been
serving my master more than a month ago.”
He used Admiral of Blood’s tone and experiences to answer as though he
was still alive.
This was the acting principle of a Marionettist, to let each marionette have
their unique identity and setting!
Meanwhile, Klein also buried a keyword “leave,” in preparation to broach
the topic of leaving.
In this bizarre and mysterious town, he didn’t have thoughts of instantly
killing any Demoness that he saw. Ignoring the question of there being any
good Demonesses and whether he was equipped with the strength to do so,
just the fact that they were trapped in here had made it imperative that he
communicated with her for intelligence to seek a way to get out. This was
enough to make him choose peaceful coexistence for the time being.
The woman in a simple white robe chuckled and said, “Not forgetting to
constantly act. From the looks of it, you will quickly digest the Marionettist
potion.
“A member of the Secret Order?”
She’s very familiar with the Seer pathway… Hmm, the Demoness Sect was
a secret organization that was active in the Fourth Epoch. Even if they
didn’t have close ties with the Zaratul or Antigonus families, they should be
quite familiar with each other. It’s very normal to understand the Seer
pathway. Of course, the premise to that is that this lady is a Demoness…
Klein’s heart stirred as he deliberately asked, “Aren’t there other
possibilities?”
He tried to sound her out to see if other organizations might wield control
over the Seer pathway.
The beautiful and pure lady walked forward and leaned towards Admiral of
Blood Senor as she said with a smile, “It doesn’t matter which organization
you belong to. We have been exiled here, and it’s practically eternal
imprisonment. The past no longer matters; what matters is the future—
whether we can cooperate to find a way of leaving.”
I failed to sound her out… Klein made the Wraith reply, “That’s exactly
what I was thinking.
“How may I address you?”
As the lady approached Senor, Klein caught a whiff of a refreshing
fragrance with his marionette’s sense of smell. Due to her words, he
suddenly had a baffling thought to help each other in such a perilous
situation while abandoning all morals, to help warm up each other’s souls
with their bodies.
She’s like a Demoness… Hmm, her voice sounds more familiar the more I
listen to her. But why can’t I put my thumb on it. What a pity, there’s no
way to use dream divination in such a situation. She will be able to seize the
opportunity while I’m unconscious, and it’s hard to predict what will
happen… Klein frowned slightly.
This beautiful woman with a tinge of languidness raised her hand to stroke
her hair, accentuating her petite ear.
“Panatiya.
“What about you?”
Klein had originally planned on randomly choosing a disguise, such as the
Aurora Order’s Mr. X or Death Announcer’s second mate, Kircheis. After
all, he could use Creeping Hunger to simulate their powers, but he
ultimately gave up the disguise and directly said, “Gehrman Sparrow.”
He didn’t know when this suspected Demoness had entered the foggy town,
so he was unable to eliminate the possibility that she knew about Admiral of
Blood’s disappearance.
Panatiya nodded and asked, “How did you get in?”
Klein didn’t keep the truth from her as he said with the marionette’s mouth,
“I encountered an unknown lady.
“She wore a hood, and her eyes were like the night, but it lacked any
spirituality.”
Panatiya fell silent for two seconds before saying, “So it’s her. Heh…”
She didn’t continue in detail as she said with a smile, “What did you
actually do? You actually managed to get the Church of Evernight to send
‘Her’ to deal with you?”
Panatiya had changed the pronoun she used.
“Her”? That lady is an angel? An ascetic from the Church? Panatiya seems
to know much about “Her”… Klein’s thoughts whirred as he said vaguely,
“I infiltrated Saint Samuel Cathedral and attempted to steal a Sealed
Artifact, but in the end…”
He didn’t go into the details, because he had no idea how he encountered
the lady.
Klein believed that as an angel, it was impossible for the lady to keep living
behind Saint Samuel Cathedral’s Chanis Gate. There was nothing in there
that required an important figure like “Her” to keep watch on the entire
time!
“Is that so… So ‘She’ is indeed in the basement of Samuel Cathedral.”
Panatiya seemed to confirm something.
In secret organizations, the word “saint” is not used when talking about
Saint Samuel Cathedral… I should take note of this detail in the future…
Klein ruminated over her choice of words.
Panatiya didn’t continue on the topic as she said with a smile, “Alright, let’s
not bother with the past. Just as I said, what’s important is the future and
how we can escape.”
Klein used this opportunity to make Senor ask, “What do you know about
this place?”
Panatiya glanced at the spired cathedral in the middle of the town and said,
“This place isn’t the real or spirit world, nor is it the astral world. It’s in
some kind of secret, hidden state.
“I’ve explored most of this area, including the area outside the town. I
didn’t manage to find any clues. All that’s left is that cathedral. Perhaps all
the secrets are hidden inside.
“Why don’t you explore the cathedral?” Klein asked with his marionette’s
mouth.
Panatiya yanked her pure white robe. On it were signs of wear and tear.
“My intuition tells me that there’s extreme danger inside.”
Upon saying that, she switched topics.
“And now, there’s a solution. Your marionette can help us scout. Even if it’s
lost, it wouldn’t deal you any harm.
“Don’t worry. As long as we gain an understanding of the situation inside,
I’ll find a chance to give you a better marionette. After all, it doesn’t look
like it can last long.”
There’s nothing unreasonable about that, but I don’t trust you. After all, you
are most likely a Demoness… Klein didn’t agree or object to it as he took
the opportunity to get Senor to ask, “Are there any things to take note of
while in here?”
Panatiya pursed her lips and said, “Due to various reasons, a sizable number
of people end up here, but they have all vanished.”
All vanished? Klein’s heart palpitated as he asked, “What happened?”
Panatiya sighed and said, “There are things I’m not sure about. Some
entered those buildings and ate some of the food inside. Then, they
vanished—instantly.
“And this time, the results of divination indicate that they’ve lost their lives
and are undergoing eternal sleep.”
There will be erasure and vanishing events in this foggy town?
Furthermore, they will no longer exist… Klein was horrified before he
thought of another matter. He nearly blurted it out.
Won’t you feel hungry?
Afraid that it would result in an anomaly, he forcefully held his tongue and
made Senor ask her indirectly, “How long have you been in here?”
As though sighing and laughing, Panatiya said, “Perhaps it’s been half a
year.
“I’ve witnessed many people cannibalize others for sustenance. Thankfully,
I don’t need much and can live very long with a bit of food. And on a
human’s body, there is food that won’t damage the body too significantly.”
As she spoke, she raised her hand and pointed at the crimson moon hanging
behind the fog.
“Another thing to take note of is that once the crimson moon turns clear,
there will be changes here. It will become extremely dangerous.
“I’ve been severely injured as a result.”
As she said that, she turned to point at a tear in her pure white robe.
Klein subconsciously made Senor cast his gaze over, and he saw that at her
collarbone underneath the tear, there was a deep wound that exposed her
bone amidst fair, supple skin.
At this moment, the skin transformed, producing dense patterns of mystery
and colors of darkness and evil!
Klein’s mind seemed to explode as ravings and cries resounded in it.
Meanwhile, his breathing became difficult as his body rapidly weakened.
He couldn’t help but collapse backward as he broke into a coughing fit.
Then, he saw the pure white robe and the two long female legs—Panatiya.
This lady had already entered the grayish-white mill, and as she watched
the struggling Gehrman Sparrow, she cracked the corners of her lips and
revealed blood-colored tendrils in the gaps between her neat, white teeth.
She softly said, “Got you…”