Chapter 1243

Hectic But Not Confused
Deep within a mountain range, in the ancient castle.
As soon as Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar returned from the fog of history,
“He” instinctively removed all connections with the outside world. “He”
was prepared to abandon this place and move elsewhere.
Although “He” still hadn’t figured out what had happened, with an accident
already happening, “His” experience told “Him” that “He” couldn’t take
any chances at all. “He” should retreat and give up as required of him!
At the same time, a thought came to Klein’s mind in the city of old. His
figure instantly appeared in the ancient palace above the gray fog. At the
seat belonging to The Fool, he merged with the constantly distorted and
scattered crimson figure and took form.
In this mysterious space, the crimson stars that represented Justice, The
Hanged Man, The Star, and the other members of the Tarot Club were
constantly expanding and shrinking. They emitted layers of ripples that
formed a mighty “wave.”
This was one of the preparations that Klein had made in advance. In the
name of Gehrman Sparrow, he had used different reasons to get the
members of the Tarot Club to pray to Mr. Fool one after another, asking this
existence to pass a certain answer to Mr. World.
As such, the crimson stars resonated, affecting Sefirah Castle in reverse;
thus, allowing it to summon The Fool to resolve the problem.
This was one of the key factors that could help him escape from Amon’s
clutches. It could help him remove the need to take four steps
counterclockwise and recite the incantations. He could directly enter
Sefirah Castle without wasting any time.
And in a battle at the level of angels, the difference a second makes would
perhaps determine the difference in the outcome. To fight someone more
powerful than him, Klein had to consider every detail!
Sitting in the high-back chair belonging to The Fool, he beckoned for the
Staff of the Stars and Sea God Scepter while observing the other changes in
Sefirah Castle.
In the grayish-white fog, there was an additional crimson glow that was
rapidly shrinking, almost disappearing in no time. Around The Fool’s seat,
ripples of light bloomed as though they were forming a pure passageway.
He could barely make out a gigantic demonic wolf’s figure from the
crimson glow. This was a result of Kotar’s spying on Sefirah Castle.
Through the passage of time, “He” had gained a certain understanding of
the situation and had unknowingly been invaded. As such, “He” established
a preliminary connection with Sefirah Castle. Of course, as an angel and a
God of Wishes of the Second Epoch, “He” had the right level and ability to
sever such a connection and get rid of the corresponding corruption. If
Klein didn’t make use of these one or two seconds, he would lose his lock
on the Dark Demonic Wolf.
And at the side of The Fool’s seat, the rippling lights reflected the figure
wearing a half top hat and a long black trench coat, “Gehrman Sparrow.”
On his right eye was a crystal monocle.
Amon!
It was unknown what loophole this Blasphemer’s avatar could use to slow
down the rate at which Klein’s Historical Void projection dissipated. Then,
“He” used the subtle connection between “Gerhrman Sparrow,” Klein’s
actual body, and Sefirah Castle in an attempt to invade the world above the
gray fog from the special scene summoned by Sefirah Castle!
As the halo spread out, “Gehrman Sparrow’s” long and powerful palm
pierced through the barrier and suddenly entered the ancient palace, as
though it had opened an invisible door.
Although Klein had already prepared for this and knew that it wouldn’t be
easy to get rid of Amon, he couldn’t help but feel his scalp tingle when he
saw this scene. He was afraid that in the next second, he would grab a
crystal monocle and put it on his right eye.
This was something that had to be resolved in one or two seconds.
Otherwise, the ownership of Sefirah Castle would be a question left in the
air.
Without any hesitation, distorted and transparent Worms of Spirit appeared
on the surface of his skin. They quickly gathered together, forming another
Klein.
After catching the Sea God Scepter, Klein stirred the power of Sefirah
Castle. With the augmentation of the layers of invisible “waves,” the blue
gems lit up, causing violent bolts of lightning to form silver balls that rolled
into the rippling light.
Amidst the crackling sounds, the palm that pierced through Sefirah Castle
instantly shattered and evaporated.
The spherical lightning that was filled with destructive aura expanded
outwards, descending into reality, enveloping the monocled “Gehrman
Sparrow.”
This Historical Void projection was only barely maintained with the use of
loopholes, so it collapsed after suffering such a strike. “He” could only
adjust the crystal monocle and shake “His” head in regret as “He” watched
“His” figure rapidly fade away after being shattered by the electric bolts.
As a small portion of the Worms of Spirit responded to Amon’s prayer,
Klein grabbed the Staff of the Stars with his actual body.
He held the staff embedded with many gems and aimed the Grade 0 Sealed
Artifact at the rapidly shrinking crimson light.
At the same time, a scene appeared in his mind.
The rubies, emeralds, sapphires, and pearls on the Staff of the Stars lit up
one after another.
Gong!
The sound of a distant bell seemed to have transcended an infinite amount
of time as it echoed within the grayish-white fog, reverberating within the
crimson light.
The pitch-black darkness in front of Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar suddenly
faded, revealing a huge stone wall clock.
The wall clock was ancient and mottled, and its surface was grayish-white
and bluish-black, split into twelve segments. Each segment had different
symbols that represented the different times of the day.
At the core of the wall clock, three needles seemed to be formed from
Worms of Time of three different lengths, “short,” “medium,” and “long,”
were filled with a feeling that time had left its mark on.
This was a Beyonder power from Angel of Time, Amon. Using the Staff of
the Stars, Klein had made it appear again!
Normally speaking, a Beyonder power at this level wasn’t something that
could be understood by just witnessing once or twice. It wasn’t so easy to
“Record” it, but Klein wasn’t fighting alone.
During this period of time, he had made use of Miss Magician’s summoning
to return to Backlund frequently. He went to The Star Leonard to chat
directly with Pallez Zoroast, and he gained a deeper understanding of the
corresponding mysticism knowledge and supernatural details.
Although Pallez had already dropped to the Sequence 2 level and was
unable to use the powers of the Time domain, “His” experience and
knowledge remained.
Gong!
On the ancient and mysterious stone wall clock, the second hand suddenly
jerked, causing everything around Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar to slow down.
Even the deep darkness seemed to freeze.
This Miracle Invoker who was just about to completely cut off contact with
the outside world and distance “Himself” from where “He” was by granting
his own wish suddenly froze on the spot. There was a brief moment of
“Him” being fixed in place.
There was no doubt that there was a huge gap in power between the original
Beyonder powers and those replicated by the Staff of the Stars. However,
for Klein, the effect was already enough.
The moment he saw the Dark Demonic Wolf being affected by the “Ancient
Wall Clock,” he immediately dropped the Staff of the Stars and made the
Worm of Spirit he had just separated from his body to fly back into his
body.
With a thought, he returned to the city of oil before the First Epoch. Then,
he appeared in the dark desolate plains with the lantern that emitted a faint
yellow glow.
His right hand extended forward and successfully pulled out a projection of
the Staff of the Stars.
This method could effectively increase the success rate of summoning the
Staff of the Stars, but it would clearly reduce the might of this Grade 0
Sealed Artifact. After all, he was summoning a historical projection of a
historical projection. Of course, as it was a race against time, making such a
choice was very easy.
Klein didn’t enter the fog of history again. He reached out to grab “his”
shoulder, and he used dream divination to outline the feedback he received
from using Sefirah Castle to reverse-corrupt the Dark Demonic Wolf.
In the dark, unlit hall in the ancient castle, the mountain-like demonic wolf
stood up.
Quickly filling in the details, Klein slightly adjusted the details according to
the scene of his frozen target.
On the black staff, the corresponding gems lit up.
In his mind, the scene that resembled an oil painting suddenly swelled up,
interweaving with reality, making it impossible to separate from each other.
He descended into that ancient castle’s dark hall, landing in front of Dark
Demonic Wolf Kotar, who had just raised “His” body with “His” eight legs.
He had finally officially met the God of Wishes that had been living since
the Second Epoch!
Without any hesitation, Klein took the opportunity of the Dark Demonic
Wolf having just escaped the influence of the “Ancient Wall Clock.” As he
dispelled the Historical Void projection, he took out an iron cigar case from
his pocket and opened it.
Inside the cigar case, there was a Loen gold coin. Its surface flashed,
reflecting Reinette Tinekerr, who was wearing a dark and complicated long
dress and holding four blonde, red-eyed heads.
One of the preparations Klein made was to use the method that he had used
to bring around Admiral of Blood Senor. This allowed him to bring Miss
Messenger to the Forsaken Land of the Gods!
Reinette Tinekerr was no doubt a Wraith. Furthermore, “She” was an even
more powerful Wraith. “She” could also possess the smooth surface of a
gold coin. In addition, “She” was a spirit world creature and was
intrinsically a spirit. “She” could enter the world above the gray fog and
descend upon the Forsaken Land of the Gods just like Justice Audrey.
Based on this condition, in order to not expose the secret within Sefirah
Castle and not expose The Fool’s true identity, he first made Miss
Messenger possess the gold coin before using the iron cigar case to seal it.
Then, he sacrificed the item to the gray fog before bringing it to the
Forsaken Land of the Gods through a bestowment ritual.
Of course, the prerequisite for these actions was that Klein had the level and
strength of a Sequence 2 angel in Sefirah Castle. Even if something went
wrong with Reinette Tinekerr, he could still handle it.
As for Reinette Tinekerr, “She” happily agreed to this matter because
Gehrman Sparrow had just helped “Her” retrieve a portion of “Her” body.
Silently, Miss Messenger left the gold coin and occupied the pitch-black
pupil of the Dark Demonic Wolf’s eyes.
Wraith’s possession!