Chapter 525

: The Calm Squall
Looking up at the wall clock and seeing that it was past eight o’clock, Alger
put down his glass mug of alcohol and pushed his way through the
drunkards into the street.
As the Rorsted Archipelago was rich in coal, Bayam was like the mainland
cities of Backlund and Pritz Harbor. Its streets were lined with tall black
lamp posts, and the light of the burning gas effused through the metal grille,
illuminating the relatively clean streets.
Alger pulled off his headscarf and slowly turned into a side alley. At a dead-
end in the alley, he could smell the scent of urine mixed with alcohol.
Although the Amyris Leaf Bar had a bathroom, it clearly wasn’t enough for
the customers during peak periods. Some of the drunks who couldn’t hold it
in could only find a secluded place to relieve themselves.
The red moonlight penetrated the clouds and shone into the alley. While
Alger was still considering whether he should put on a more convincing act,
a firm and pervading voice came from behind him.
“Did you purposely leak the information about Blazing to us?”
He’s not stupid… Alger muttered to himself as he slowly turned around, as
though preparing for a surprise attack.
Seven or eight steps away, he saw a figure leaning against the wall.
The figure was about 1.78 meters in height, and it wore a boat-shaped hat.
Its face was thin and sharp, and it wore a look of aggression.
He had a lock of black hair hanging down, half obscuring the dark green
eyes on his left side, which softened his own coldness.
Even though there was often quite a difference between a wanted poster and
the person in question, many famous pirates didn’t even don disguises as
they wandered the city. As an insider of the Church, Alger had seen many
almost photographic portraits drawn with rituals and had participated in
pirate conventions. He was still able to successfully link the person in front
of him to a name on the bounty notices.
He didn’t express this point and deliberately hesitated before asking, “Calm
Squall?”
He was the chief helper of Steel Maviti, a Beyonder who was good at
controlling his emotions and thinking calmly, but he was also inhumane and
had a 1,500 pounds reward offered for him. The man pulled at his black
windbreaker and revealed an empty smile.
“Can I deny that?
“Well… probably not, just like how you can’t deny that you deliberately
mentioned Blazing to Oamaru. He’s not someone who enjoys using his
brain, the complete opposite of me.”
“I’ve never thought of lying. I only wish to obtain some payment for the
news you received from me. Between Blazing, who’s alone, and Steel, who
has so many helpers, anyone with a brain would know which to choose. Of
course, I wish that you keep it a secret. I don’t want to be pursued by Vice
Admiral Iceberg,” Alger replied frankly.
Squall nodded his head leisurely and said, “Tell me the specifics.”
“Just like I mentioned before. I bumped into and recognized Blazing at the
Gold Coin Casino. He entrusted me to take note of Steel’s whereabouts.
Heh heh, it seems like he wishes to launch a counterattack,” Alger said with
a scoff. “We agreed upon a point of contact. I believe this is intelligence
worth at least 1,000 pounds.”
“1,000 pounds? Look up at the crimson moon. Are you dreaming!?” Squall
scoffed. “This might be a trap. Don’t you understand that? Blazing might
very well have found helpers, which is why he dares to seek us out.”
“It’s not for me to judge whether it’s a trap or not. 500 pounds. Less than
that, and I’d rather pretend that nothing has happened.” Alger attempted to
argue on the basis of reason for the reward.
“300 pounds. You have to follow me somewhere and stay there for some
time. It’s to prevent you from selling this piece of news to others and
spoiling our plans. We’ll pay you when we capture Blazing with the
intelligence you provided or have his spirit channeled. Don’t worry. Food,
alcohol, and a bed will all be free. Regardless, you lucked out! If there are
any accidents that had resulted from you, hehe. I believe you’ll know the
outcome,” Squall suggested with a tone which didn’t allow for refusal.
Sure enough, just as I expected, with my background being unknown, and
with me not being too dangerous, the possibility of them choosing
temporary detention is much higher than silencing me… However, I’ve also
made preparations for a worst-case scenario. As long as I’m not too
careless, escaping isn’t a problem… Alger deliberately acted like he was in
a dilemma as he said, “No more than two days, or my crew will leave with
my ship.”
“I’ll inform them if it exceeds two days.” At some point in time, a sharp
scalpel had appeared in Squall’s palm, and he was making it jump and spin
like an acrobat.
After Alger described in detail the point of contact at 15 Amyris Avenue and
the corresponding communication methods, Squall didn’t speak further. He
turned around and led Alger as they turned at every corner, and they arrived
at an unknown street before entering a nondescript house.
“Long time no see, blue-haired captain of a ghost ship.” The door was
opened by an old man with hair that had more white than black. He was
dressed as a local and wore a pair of baggy pantaloons.
“Old Quinn. You really are the intelligence officer of the Admiral of
Blood…” Alger deliberately said in astonishment.
Old Quinn chuckled and said, “There’s always some truth to rumors. What
you imagine to be fake might very well be real.”
He didn’t switch on the gas wall light, but he carried a silver candle lamp in
his hand as he guided Alger and Squall through the dark hall into a
spacious, windowless basement.
“You’ll stay here for a while. My friends and I will be in charge of watching
you and also provide you with alcohol and food,” Old Quinn said with a
laugh. “To show our sincerity, we’re not going to disarm you.”
“Alright.” Alger took the initiative to walk to the low bed in the basement.
Old Quinn closed the heavy stone door and locked it behind him.
Squall didn’t linger on, but hurried away, checking repeatedly to see if he
was being followed.
After changing to a rental carriage, he came to a Loen enclave in Bayam. It
was also the residential area of the upper class.
As he entered a garden bungalow, Squall saw Maveti sitting on a sofa in the
living room, waiting for him. The others were either lying, standing, or
sitting in a semicircle, with puppets and zombies acting as guards around
them.
Steel’s lips were thick, his skin swarthy. His hair was curled up like steel
balls often seen in factories.
“Is the intel reliable?” The muscles on his arms trembled, exuding vibes of
tremendous strength. However, his entire being emanated a cold and sinister
feeling, as if he wasn’t a living creature.
Squall nodded.
“He’s a pirate captain who serves money. I’ve already detained him at Old
Quinn’s place. If there really is a problem, he definitely won’t be able to
leave that place alive. I think he knows this very well.”
At this point, Squall revealed a cold smile.
“However, we still have to be wary of any accidents. This might be a trap
set up by Blazing.”
“Do you have any ideas?” Maveti asked directly.
The first thing he saw was a pirate lying on a couch. He was wearing a
brown local tunic and twirling a yellowish-brown straw hat with his fingers.
This was Maveti’s deputy of this round of operations. He was the captain of
the sixth ship which was lost in the battle with Vice Admiral Dusk, “Blood
Brambles” Hendry. He had a bounty of 3,800 pounds.
“It’s clear that Squall has a plan.” Hendry used his straw hat to cover his
pale face.
Squall chuckled and said, “Didn’t that adventurer, John Smith, send Mordor
to join us undercover? Let’s deliberately leak the news to him, making him
think that we’re still waiting for help and that we can only take action the
day after tomorrow or three days later.
“Those bunch of greedy adventurers definitely wouldn’t let Blazing off.
They’ll definitely fall over themselves for him. When the time comes, we
can find a spot to watch the show. If there are any accidents, they’ll be the
ones bearing the brunt of things. If everything is successful, we can also
cull them!”
“Alright.” Steel Maveti’s eyeballs slightly moved, radiating intense
bloodthirst.
…
In the early hours of the morning, everything was ready.
Blood Brambles Hendry brought a leather suitcase over, took out a
peacock-blue carpet, and slowly spread it out in front of him. There were
many mysterious patterns on it that had a nonhuman flavor to it.
Maveti, Squall, and two other Beyonders, as well as eight zombies and
puppets, took their places on it.
Hendry was the last to step in. Closing his eyes halfway, he recited a single
word in Elvish, “Flight!”
The peacock-blue carpet tightened suddenly and floated upwards, lifting
everyone up from the ground and into the air as they flew towards Amyris
Avenue.
During this process, Hendry pulled out a black handkerchief and shook his
wrist, turning it into the night sky which magically covered all their traces
under the moonlight.
In about seven to eight minutes, they arrived in the area around 20 Amyris
Avenue. Diagonally across them was the targeted house.
They didn’t move forward. Instead, they let the Flying Carpet hover silently
in front of the crown of a thick tree as they lay prone to observe the
situation.
Time passed, second by second, as Hendry steadied the mystical item.
There were no signs of a lack of spirituality.
The night slowly passed, and the horizon was suffused with a faint red
glow. The sun was about to rise, and the gang of pirates led by Steel Maveti
began their preparations to find another suitable spot for daytime
surveillance.
At this moment, a figure nimbly moved across the rooftops with his back
bent, arriving above 15 Amyris Avenue.
He wore a black cloak, his eyebrows yellow, and eyes dark blue. His facial
features and contours were relatively soft. It was none other than Blazing
Danitz!
Danitz looked around cautiously for a moment, then climbed up the raised
chimney, pushed his hand through it, and slid down.
He’s really here? Steel Maveti, Blood Brambles Hendry, Squall, and
company felt their spirits lift at the same time.
At this moment, several figures sprang up from the chimneys and periphery
of Units 13, 14, and 17. They rushed over with fast and potent stances,
either breaking the windows, kicking open the doors, or using the chimney
to rush into Unit 15 from different positions.