Chapter 673

: Blood Text
Layers of pea vines that appeared as though they were capable of weaving
into a stairway into heaven dropped and shrank back into the soil.
Be it the Saint of Darkness’s main persona or Leomaster’s good side, they
vanished. Only Cattleya stood at the top of the boulder, surveying her
surroundings with a blank look.
Queen Mystic threw Leomaster’s main and good side back into his own
dream? Or did she pull them elsewhere in an attempt to understand the
unique traits necessary for entering the Forsaken Land of the Gods?
It seems like it’s impossible to pull these two personalities into different
dreams; otherwise, Queen Mystic would’ve long conversed with the good
Leomaster individually, as well as agree to help him defeat the devil in
exchange for relevant information, without going through so much
trouble…
Of course, to truly kill off the Saint of Darkness’s main persona, perhaps
one will have to enter the dangerous ruins in the real world. Even Queen
Mystic wouldn’t dare to attempt it, as it might produce an evil queen who
abides by “do as you wish, and do as much harm”… Klein turned his head
once again in thought, looking at the nearby buildings around the black
cloister’s door. He saw that the figure belonging to Bernadette had vanished
behind the clear floor-to-ceiling windows.
Klein didn’t attempt to seek her out to figure out if Queen Mystic had
obtained more information from Leomaster’s good side. This was because
he remembered Gehrman Sparrow’s core persona—Mr. Fool’s Blessed!
And Admiral of Stars knew very well that, in Mr. Fool’s Tarot Gathering,
The Sun came from the City of Silver in the Forsaken Land of the Gods. To
say that Mr. Fool didn’t know the method of entering the Forsaken Land of
the Gods was unbelievable.
Therefore, as a Blessed, Gehrman Sparrow definitely lacked the motivation
to delve deep into the matter!
There are many matters where the case is true that a persona which brings
you success will also make you fail. This is a flaw for Faceless… Klein
retracted his gaze and looked back at the shadow of the Giant King’s Court
on the opposite mountain, only to realize that the frozen sunset was slowly
returning to the horizon.
On the same mountain, the boulder remained standing as Cattleya slowly
sat down again, hugging her knees.
…
Noon and night switched thrice, but the actual amount of time that had
passed in the outside world was just the daytime of a single day.
The Future circled around the dangerous ruins and dodged the latent
dangers hidden in the safe sea routes, before finally arriving near the
entrance of those waters.
Klein and company once again saw the ruin which was mostly submerged
with seawater from the very beginning. They saw the gray stones and
columns, as well as the huge dome at the top.
Previously, they could hear loud and clear panting sounds. Bloodless had
even painfully pointed out that a corpse was hidden in those ruins!
And that corpse was very likely to be the source of the panting!
At that moment, the ruin that hid immense danger no longer brought fear to
the people on board the Future, but joy. This was because it meant that they
were about to leave the ridiculous and terrifying waters!
At some point in time, Nina had already climbed up to the tall crow’s nest
and said loudly as she looked at the ruin, “Eh, there’s a ship!”
Ship? Klein circled around Anderson Hood, who was blocking him, and
approached the shipboard as he focused.
Indeed, on the right of the stacked stones and stone columns, there was an
ordinary three-mast sailboat docked by it. As there was something in the
way, it would be difficult for the people on board the Future to notice it if
they weren’t viewing it from a high vantage point or looking carefully.
The sailboat floated there without a single sailor on board. The silence
made it terrifying.
“It’s as though it was all eaten by the ruin.” Anderson came over and shook
his head with a sigh. “In these waters, one mustn’t go close unless one
knows the ruins well.”
A person who dares outline the mural of an Angel of Fate doesn’t have the
right to say that… Your treasure-hunting team claimed to be rich in
experience, but in the end, aren’t you the only one left from it… Klein didn’t
turn his head as he lampooned.
At this moment, Cattleya also came to the deck as she looked at the sailboat
docked by the ruin.
During this entire process, she didn’t give Gehrman Sparrow a glance; it
was as though he didn’t exist.
After a brief moment of silence, Cattleya raised her hand to remove the
heavy glasses on her nose bridge. The deep purple hue in her eyes swirled
as though she was trying to outline one complex symbol after another.
A pair of eyes suddenly appeared above the empty sailboat; they were a pair
of illusory, translucent dark purple eyes!
The pair of eyes slowly moved and circled the deck once before entering
the cabin.
This Beyonder power is very useful… Speaking of which, based on the
means demonstrated by Queen Mystic and Admiral of Stars, the Beyonder
powers of a Mystery Pryer has some of the highlights of fairy tales! Man,
will Queen Mystic be able to turn people into frogs? Also, is the mystery
prying of a Mystery Pryer demonstrated here, on their eyes? Admiral of
Stars’s eyes are somewhat odd. I have to take note… Klein silently made a
guess as he awaited the outcome of Cattleya’s remote exploration.
After a while, the dark purple hue in Cattleya’s eyes finally dimmed.
She rubbed her brows, wore her glasses again, and said to Anderson Hood
and Frank Lee, “There’s a problem inside.”
As she spoke, she took out a handful of colorful powder from her classic
warlock robe, and she suddenly threw them outwards.
The powder didn’t scatter onto the ground and instead formed a realistic
color picture.
The picture’s background appeared like a captain’s cabin. There was a
picture on the desk and a portrait on the wall, both depicting the same
person.
He was a man from Feysac, with broad shoulders, light blond hair, and deep
blue eyes!
This… Klein first found it familiar before he recalled where he had seen the
man before!
Back when he was in Nas, an adventurer had been pursued by the second
mate of the King of Immortality, Kircheis, and ran into the Lærdal Bar to
seek help from the members of the Adventurer Association. At that instant,
among the powerhouses who stood up to provide protection was a muscular
man from Feysac who was more than two meters tall. Klein had found him
rather strong and placed him at Sequence 6 at the very least.
Why would his ship suddenly enter these waters, and why would he rashly
explore a dangerous ruin? Amidst Klein’s puzzlement, he carefully
observed the supernatural picture on the deck.
This time, he saw a pool of blood on the floor, and beside the blood were a
few words in Feysac: “The Fountain of Unaging…”
The last character had a drawn-out mark of blood before it was connected to
clear smudges that extended out towards the door.
Klein’s mind seemed capable of restoring the actual scene. The Sequence 6
Feysac man had suffered a sudden attack and fell to the ground, heavily
injured. He tried his best to write down the source of his encounter, but just
as finished the first few words, he was held by the legs or head by some
unknown entity, and he was forcibly pulled away!
Considering how the red words weren’t wiped away, Klein suspected that
the entity that dragged the adventurer away wasn’t a living person.
It should be the corpse of that ruin… he thought, feeling a headache.
“The Fountain of Unaging? They came here in search of the Fountain of
Unaging?” Anderson Hood said in excitement.
“Clearly, but they didn’t find it.” Frank Lee shook his head in great
disappointment.
He also looked forward to the Fountain of Unaging, believing that the
fountain’s waters could create qualitative changes to his various
experiments.
The Fountain of Unaging… Slaughterer Kircheis was the one chasing after
the young adventurer back then. He’s the second mate of the King of
Immortality… Rumor has it that the King of Immortality had once drunk the
waters of the Fountain of Unaging… Kircheis even warned me—Gehrman
Sparrow—to not interfere with the young adventurer’s matters, claiming
that it was the will of the King of Immortality… Klein barely reproduced the
truth based on various tidbits of information.
The young adventurer obtained the secret of the Fountain of Unaging from
one of the King of Immortality’s aides, and he was thus pursued. Later, with
the protection of some of the stronger members of the Adventurer
Association, he barely escaped from Slaughterer Kircheis. Later, to hide
from the King of Immortality and also to seek out the Fountain of Unaging,
they finally chose to adventure into these waters. Who knew that they ended
up being wiped out in that ruin…
Could it be that the Fountain of Unaging is hidden deep in that ruin? Klein
looked at the stacked gray stones and stone columns as he vaguely made a
prediction.
As he temporarily had no way to verify his theory, nor did he know whose
corpse was buried there, he didn’t have the urge to explore or take risks. He
rationally retracted his gaze.
I can ask Will Auceptin or Arrodes… Heh, perhaps the Fountain of Unaging
is the pus produced from that rotting corpse… Klein guessed with the most
nefarious of thoughts.
At this moment, Cattleya, who heard Anderson’s and Frank’s conversation,
thought and said, “If their death was caused by their search for the Fountain
of Unaging, I do not believe that the owner of the portrait and picture would
have the motivation to leave behind accurate information before his death.
After all, the people who actually find him here wouldn’t be his family.”
Makes sense… If I were in his shoes, and if I encounter a monster in my
treasure-seeking adventures, I wouldn’t think of providing any hints to
others before my death… Klein indiscernibly shook his head, failing to
think of any reason for the time being.
Cattleya looked at Anderson and Frank who wore looks of anticipation.
“A successful adventure is a result of having detailed intel and sufficient
preparation, but we lack all of that now.”
Her voice suddenly turned loud as it resounded in every corner of the ship.
“Continue sailing.
“Leave these waters!”
“Aye aye, Captain!” Nina, who was on the crow’s nest, gulped a mouthful
of beer.
A few minutes later, the descent and ascent that violated common sense
happened once again, but the prepared members on the Future were no
longer in a sorry state like before. They easily overcame the stimulating
scene of jumping over the ravine and being sent flying.
Soon, the Future landed over blue seas, and a distance away was a gigantic
storm blotting out the sky.
Not far away, there was another ship floating there silently. It was two
hundred meters long, its front and back curved up, making it look like a
crescent.
Upon seeing the flag depicting the black tombstone, Klein’s mind flashed
with the corresponding name: The Death Announcer!
It was the flagship of the King of Immortality Agalito!
At this moment, Klein no longer felt fear and horror, but excitement and
agitation.
With Queen Mystic on board, and with no need to hide this time… She,
together with me, Admiral of Stars, Anderson Hood, and the crew of the
Future will have the chance of wiping out the crew of the King of
Immortality! Food for Creeping Hunger has been found! I’ve found a
candidate for a marionette!
At this moment, the Death Announcer suddenly turned around, moving
away at an unprecedented speed.
I-it fled… Klein instantly wore a blank look.
Soon, the Death Announcer had vanished from his line of sight.