Chapter 534

: A Dream Lesson
Danitz’s worries didn’t come true. Klein gave him a look and went into the
bedroom to rest.
During the five hours he spent on the liner, he had always been in a highly
tense state. He had also been alarmed last night and didn’t sleep well as a
result. At this moment, he couldn’t help but feel exhausted.
With a thud, Klein closed the bedroom door.
Phew… He scared me to death! Danitz relaxed and slumped into the
reclining chair.
The scene of him turning into gold pounds had surfaced in his mind a
moment ago. He found it difficult to stop having these scenes appear one
after another in his mind.
After a moment of silence, Danitz, who had been hanging around the bar
until dawn, fell asleep again without realizing it. He dreamed that the
captain had arrived to save him, but she had failed. Instead, she got caught
by Gehrman Sparrow and ended up becoming a maidservant for this crazy
adventurer.
Just as Danitz was outraged and unable to resist, he suddenly saw the blurry
scene around him turn clear just as he was about to wake up. The scene
froze on the luxurious suite of the Wind of Azure Inn.
Knock! Knock! Knock!
Danitz heard a slow, soothing knock on the door.
Wasn’t I dreaming? With this question in mind, Danitz walked over to the
door and turned the handle.
As the crack in the door widened, he saw a familiar figure.
She was a beautiful lady, with a face shaped like a goose egg, a high nose
bridge, thin lips, and a pair of pale blue eyes that resembled clear spring
water.
Her long brown hair parted in the middle, tied in a simple but delicate knot
at the back of her head as they flowed down.
She didn’t wear a hat, only wearing a beige coat which was tight at the
waist. Her collar was covered with palm-sized flowers woven from white
lace.
Matching her coat was a dark-colored skirt which reached her knees. The
pleats of her skirt were connected, looking slightly fluffy. On her feet were
a pair of leather boots that shared the same color as her hair.
“Captain!” Danitz cried out in alarm
He hurriedly snapped out of his reverie, turned around and faced Gehrman
Sparrow’s bedroom while taking a defensive stance.
“Be careful! Run! A lunatic is looking for you! He has a terrifying
organization backing him!”
As the feeling of self-sacrifice welled up in him, Danitz heard his captain
calmly say, “This is a dream.”
Dream… Yeah, I’m dreaming, what’s there to be afraid of… Danitz glanced
left and right, folded his arms, turned around, and said, “Captain, you
simulated the powers of a Nightmare? That can’t be right, you were near
Sonia Island just last week.”
The largest island in this region of the Sonia Sea, which was also the origin
of its name. It was almost like a small continent. Originally, it was the only
remaining gathering place for the elves after the Cataclysm, but as time
passed, this ancient Beyonder race was plagued by all sorts of factors and
gradually died out. The occasional sighting of them proved that they hadn’t
completely gone extinct.
At the end of the Fourth Epoch, the Loen Kingdom occupied this island, but
in the Twenty Year War, they suffered a terrible defeat, handing over Sonia
Island to the Feysac Empire. That was already more than seven centuries
ago.
Sonia Island was situated north-northwest of the Rorsted Archipelago, and
it took nearly half a month by ship to arrive there. Vice Admiral Iceberg
Edwina Edwards was still in the vicinity of Sonia Island last week, so it was
impossible to reach Bayam within a week. Unless she could fly or use the
spirit world to travel.
The beautiful lady whom Danitz addressed as Captain nodded.
“We have just entered the Rorsted seas, still a thousand nautical miles away
from Bayam.”
In other words, she’ll take another three to four days before arriving?
That’s what I call normal… Danitz curiously asked, “This should’ve already
surpassed the range of a Nightmare?”
Moreover, it far exceeds… he added inwardly.
Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina entered the room and walked towards the
table and chair.
“It’s not a Nightmare power, but a secret ritualistic magic. It uses an item
left behind on the ship to enter the dream of someone very far away…”
Listening to the Captain’s meticulous explanation, Danitz instantly felt as if
he had returned to the Golden Dream and was beginning his lesson.
I’ve never heard of such ritualistic magic before… Yes, Captain has
mastered many strange and rare magic and witchcraft. No one can tell how
much knowledge she possesses… She seems to have mentioned that her
Sequence name is Mysticism Magister… Sigh, if I had known that she had
this “secret technique,” then I wouldn’t have been so frustrated over how to
inform her about the unexpected events in Bayam… Danitz interrupted
Edwina’s description with a flurry of thoughts.
“Captain, you sensed that there’s a problem with our point of contact over
here?”
“Yes, this is another secret technique…” Edwina seemed inclined to
describe the specific method in detail.
Seeing this, Danitz hurriedly sighed.
“Poor Old Rinn and the others…”
Edwina stopped walking and turned her back to the window, asking
succinctly, “What happened?”
“I’ll have to start from Damir Harbor.” Danitz felt energized, as if his long-
lasting depression had finally paid off at that moment.
He described his attempts to recruit Gehrman Sparrow, but he ended up
discovering that he was a madman, and he also exaggerated his plight on
the White Agate.
According to the rough draft he had prepared last night, he thoroughly
described the weird and horrifying situation at Bansy Harbor, including the
ambush and assassination attempt involving Steel Maveti. He explained
everything about how he joined forces with Gehrman Sparrow for a
counterattack and hunt, as well as his own theories about Gehrman
Sparrow’s background and powers. This included Creeping Hunger and the
secretive, powerful organization.
During this process, he tried his best to restore the truth, only exaggerating
the role he played, raising his status from servant or attendant, to an
assistant or collaborator.
Vice Admiral Edwina listened quietly the entire time without interrupting
him. When he was done, she nodded lightly and said, “He has no ill
intentions.”
Him? Gehrman Sparrow means no harm? Danitz quickly said, “Captain,
regardless, he’s a dangerous fellow!
“Are you sure he means no harm?”
“I can’t be sure,” Edwina replied very calmly.
“Then why were you…” Danitz took a silent breath, sensing the similarity
between his captain and Gehrman Sparrow. They were people who he
couldn’t engage in a conversation with.
Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina said with a straight face, “That’s just my
speculation and judgment.”
“…”
Danitz rubbed his temples with his right hand. “Anyway, he’s dangerous.
There’s a secret organization backing him, and I’ve no idea about the
situation of the organization. Captain, I don’t think you should take the risk
of communicating with him, even if he claims to have something to ask of
you.”
Edwina thought for a moment before saying, “There’s no need to take risks.
“I can communicate with him through you.”
Danitz first heaved a sigh of relief before asking both curiously and
expectantly, “Captain, how will that work? Or should I say, what do I need
to do?”
Edwina raised her right hand, revealing a stand and a blackboard in her
dream.
“I need you to hold a ritual,” she said.
“It’s called a Soulfall Ritual. It allows my soul to pass through the spirit
world and attach itself to your body. I’ll be able to converse directly with
Gehrman Sparrow. It works on anyone below that of a demigod, with an
effective distance of no more than 500 nautical miles…
“It involves reason and communication, and it belongs to the realm of the
God of Knowledge and Wisdom. You must draw the corresponding symbols
and magic labels…
“In mysticism, the blue star corresponds to the God of Knowledge and
Wisdom. Mercury, brass, lavender, pepper, and mint are needed…
“Blue star corresponds to Saturday. The time of the blue star is from
midnight to one on Friday, and eleven to twelve noon on Saturday…”
Edwina explained as she wrote the key points to remember on the
blackboard, and Danitz instinctively sat down and assumed a listening
posture.
As he listened, he suddenly felt at a loss.
Why do I need to attend classes even in my dreams?
…
In the bedroom, Klein, who was sleeping, suddenly jolted awake, having
vaguely sensed something.
He got out of bed and listened for a moment. In the living room, although
Danitz was snoring, his breathing was calmer than before.
It wasn’t too strange, but it was sufficiently unusual for an experienced
senior expert in mysticism like Klein, who had been through a lot.
He softly walked to the door that separated the bedroom from the living
room, reached for the handle, and slowly turned it.
Without a sound, Klein walked out of the bedroom and saw Danitz lying in
a reclining chair, fast asleep. Everything around him appeared normal.
Klein quietly activated his Spirit Vision and checked Blazing, but he didn’t
find anything amiss. Whether it was the color of his aura or the changes in
his mood, there was nothing abnormal about him, all within a reasonable
range.
After watching for a while, Klein frowned and took out a silver charm.
“Dream Charm!”
…
In the dream, Danitz was learning the Soulfall Ritual with a bitter
expression. He had no doubt that the captain in front of him was genuine.
No one can fake such a style and hobby!
At that moment, he heard the sound of the lock turning.
Subconsciously, Danitz looked towards the bedroom, where the crack in the
door was widening, and Gehrman Sparrow, who was wearing only a white
shirt, walked out expressionlessly.
“You! How did you appear here!” Danitz shot to his feet, blurting out in
shock.
He quickly snapped to his senses and stammered, “Th-this is my dream!”
How is Gehrman Sparrow appearing so easily?!
With one hand in the pocket of his dark trousers, Klein walked toward the
woman who had her back to the window and said in a low voice, “A
charm.”
Then, looking directly at the woman, he asked almost with certainty,
“Edwina Edwards?”
Her attire is a little strange… She doesn’t look like an adventurer, much less
a pirate. She looks like a woman with a decent job, someone who can
support herself on her own… The style of her attire looks like it comes from
Intis… Klein thought, feeling somewhat unaccustomed.
Edwina nodded slightly and similarly replied with a question, “Gehrman
Sparrow?”
“Yes, good afternoon, Ma’am.” Klein smiled slightly, pressed his hand to
his chest, and bowed.
Edwina nodded and replied, “Good afternoon.”
Klein, who was maintaining his persona, stopped talking, waiting for the
other side to take the initiative to ask him about his purpose.
…
He looked at Edwina.
…
Edwina looked at him.
…
There was a sudden silence in the dream for several minutes.
From time to time, Danitz looked to the right and to the left, having a
baffling feeling that perhaps all of this might really be a dream.