Chapter 1100

One Book
Above the boundless gray fog, inside the ancient palace that resembled a
god’s residence.
Dark red beams of light shot up from both sides of the long bronze table,
materializing into blurry figures.
Justice Audrey immediately stood up, lifted her skirt, and curtsied towards
the seat of honor.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool.”
She wasn’t in a bad mood, but with everything that had happened recently,
she couldn’t keep her spirits up like before.
After all the members bowed and took their seats, Audrey swept her gaze
and habitually began observing.
Almost instantly, she discovered that Ma’am Hermit’s mental state and
body language indicated that she was worried about something.
It has something to do with Queen Mystic? Or could it be that there are
other problems? Or could it be that both factors are involved in the matter?
Audrey was slightly surprised, and she curiously considered the possible
reasons for this.
After so many Tarot Gatherings, she had long drawn a psychological
portrait of Ma’am Hermit. She believed that she was a rather contradictory
Beyonder. She was experienced, knowledgeable, and calm. She was also
bold and reckless in certain aspects, like a young girl who had yet to
mature.
Combined with the relationship between the other party and Queen Mystic,
Audrey’s interpretation of this analysis was that, although Ma’am Hermit
had experienced a lot, she had managed to resolve many problems
successfully with Queen Mystic’s protection and arrangements. Deep in her
heart, she was still a young girl who yearned to be loved and cared for.
And it was precisely within such a concealed state that Audrey boldly
guessed that, when facing someone who had been “abandoned” and one
who didn’t commit any serious mistakes, she would unknowingly show
mercy, pity them, and help them.
At the same time, due to her being a woman who was active at sea, with the
strength of Sequence 5 who also had quite a number of mystical items,
experience, and knowledge, while wearing heavy glasses and having
interactions with Gehrman Sparrow, Audrey believed that if she casually
flipped through the wanted posters and newspapers related to pirates, she
would be able to confirm Ma’am Hermit’s identity without a doubt.
However, she deliberately didn’t do this. She only had a general idea as to
her identity.
No, Ma’am Hermit should already be a Sequence 4 demigod, so there
shouldn’t be too many things for her to be worried about… It’s definitely
not because of the war. It’s impossible for a powerful pirate to be too
troubled over it…
As her thoughts raced, due to her lack of knowledge, Audrey had no clues
apart from guessing that it was related to Queen Mystic.
And at this moment, there were two matters echoing in Cattleya’s mind:
Why did Her Majesty send so many diary pages over? If I hadn’t become a
Mysticologist and grasped certain secret techniques, I wouldn’t have been
able to memorize all of them in such a short period of time… What exactly
happened? Has the Queen fallen into some sort of dilemma?
That fellow, Frank, actually didn’t want to hold a ritual and wanted to
directly consume the potion. Thankfully, I stopped him. However, the Druid
ritual isn’t difficult for him at all. Being aware of the behavior and physical
structure of various ordinary animals and three kinds of extraordinary
creatures. As a crazy Biologist, he has already done his homework in
advance by trying to crossbreed plants and animals. Next week—no, he will
become a Druid in the next two days. What he needs to do is write down all
the knowledge and experience that he has built up as part of the ritual…
Amidst her thoughts, Cattleya shelved her concerns and turned to the end of
the long bronze table. She lowered her head and respectfully said,
“Honorable Mr. Fool, I have found an entire book of Roselle’s diary this
time.”
An entire book… Upon hearing Ma’am Hermit’s words, all the members,
including The Hanged Man Alger, were clearly stunned. This was
something that exceeded their understanding.
In the past, submissions ranged from one to three pages at a time. This time,
it was an entire book!
Did something happen? Even though he was the least concerned about such
matters, the slowest-to-react The Sun Derrick, had noticed something
unusual.
They all knew that Queen Mystic Bernadette was the eldest daughter of
Emperor Roselle. It was normal for her to be able to provide an entire diary.
However, it was abnormal for her to give an entire book!
Cattleya ignored everyone’s gazes and continued, “These diary pages aren’t
connected, but they all originated from Emperor Roselle’s later years.”
Very good.” The Fool Klein nodded slightly, indicating that The Hermit
could begin conjuring them.
One page after another, the slightly yellow pages of the diary took shape,
and soon, it was stacked into one book.
After receiving it, he casually flipped through it. Without reading it, he put
down the diary and looked at The Hermit Cattleya.
“You can raise your questions now.
“Including the contributions you previously accumulated, you can ask a
total often questions.”
He didn’t read the diary carefully, because there were too many pages this
time. There were at least thirty pages to read. It would require the members
of the Tarot Club to wait for too long, affecting Mr. Fool’s image; therefore,
he planned to read it slowly after the gathering ended.
Ten… Cattleya immediately felt a headache. This was because there were
only two questions that Queen Mystic had asked her to raise.
She deliberated for a moment before saying, “Honorable Mr. Fool, can we
split the questions into multiple sessions?”
“Sure.” Klein nodded with a smile.
This was convenient for what he had in mind. To answer ten questions at
once was also a very difficult task for Mr. Fool.
Cattleya secretly heaved a sigh of relief.
There are two questions this time:
“First, why does one need to be careful of the Spectator?”
Be careful of the Spectator? Audrey wore a blank look. For a moment, she
was unable to find any leads for coming up with a guess. She even
examined herself.
Be careful of the Spectator? The Moon Emlyn, The Star Leonard, and the
other members of the Tarot Club all cast their gazes at Miss Justice.
The Fool Klein chuckled and leisurely said, “A Spectator always likes to
hide in the shadows to secretly control certain matters, making it difficult
for people to notice and be on their guard.
“In particular, one needs to be especially careful towards Angel of
Imagination Adam. ‘His’ apotheosis ritual is to consume the potion when
the trend of the times follows what ‘He’ envisioned.”
“The trend of the times that follows what ‘He’ envisioned… Allow the
development of the times to meet ‘His’ expectations?” Justice Audrey
couldn’t help but ask Mr. Fool.
Klein nodded slightly and said, “That’s right.
“A war that sweeps the entire world is exactly what Adam wants.”
This… The Hanged Man Alger, The Hermit Cattleya, and the other
members of the Tarot Club were bombarded by the information divulged by
Mr. Fool, and their minds were momentarily incapable of thought.
Be it the apotheosis ritual or the trend of the times, all of them involved a
very, very high level. It was so high that they could only look up at it!
Suddenly, they vaguely understood the reason why the Psychology
Alchemists were deeply involved in the royal family’s conspiracy. And the
members who knew of the Twilight Hermit Order further understood the
essence of keeping the trend of the times on track.
Only an existence at Mr. Fool’s level can understand these secrets and
participate in the corresponding game… Alger quickly found his train of
thought and sighed inwardly. He was increasingly eager to become a
demigod.
He believed that this war would bring him plenty of opportunities, but he
didn’t know if he could seize them.
The members of the Tarot Club were silent. As their thoughts ran through
their heads, The Fool Klein, let out an inexplicable sigh. This was because
he had no way of stopping this war. If it was only the matter of making
George Ill’s Black Emperor ritual fail, he could jump through some hoops
and stretch himself out to affect it slightly. However, in this war involving
the trend of the times, even if he was an angel—a Sequence 1 angel—there
was no way he could affect the overall situation. Forcibly trying to stop it
would only squish him under the rolling wheels of history.
Apart from Adam, who has spent one to two thousand years arranging for
such a plot to play out, the rest of them— even the Kings of Angels—can
only change certain situations but not the overall trend. Only a true deity at
Sequence 0 can truly participate in this game… It’s no wonder the emperor
said that only by becoming a god can he protect those who he wants to
protect… The only thing I can do now is to make preparations for the
Resistance in the Rorsted Archipelago. I hope they have the opportunity of
being liberated from being colonies… Klein reined in his thoughts and
made his gaze maintain a smiling look.
He wasn’t blindly opposed to everything about war. The education he had
received in his previous life, and what he had seen at sea and in East and
West Bayam, had made him have a supportive attitude towards
overthrowing colonial rule.
To put it simply, what he didn’t like and abhorred was an “unjust war.”
Sensing Mr. Fool’s gaze, The Hermit Cattleya controlled her chaotic
thoughts and said again, “Secondly, where is the secret mausoleum that
Emperor Roselle has yet to discover?”
Secret mausoleum? Yet to be discovered? Fors became more focused as she
felt that this was material for a bestselling novel that possessed all kinds of
popular elements.
On the other hand, Audrey and Alger could acutely sense something from
this question:
The eldest daughter of Roselle probably wasn’t willing to accept her
father’s death, and was still searching for traces left behind by “Him,”
hoping to find clues to revive the emperor.
Of course, they couldn’t eliminate the possibility that there were other
important items in the secret mausoleum. That might be Queen Mystic’s
goal as well.
Roselle even left behind a secret mausoleum? I wonder what’s inside… The
Star Leonard and Judgment Xio were more concerned about this.
The Fool Klein was already prepared for this. He smiled and said, “Perhaps
in the Fog Sea—in the secret primitive island Roselle discovered—or the
Abyss.”
Abyss… Emlyn immediately felt his eyelids twitch.
In the history of the Sanguine, there were many records of Second Epoch
Devils wreaking havoc. Even when he read those materials after thousands
of years since it happened, he still felt himself turn impetuous and become
entangled by chaos.
The Sun Derrick had a similar feeling as him, but he didn’t think too much
about it. When reading certain documents, his mental state would be over-
exerted, and his mental state would unknowingly be affected. This was
common knowledge known by everyone in the City of Silver, so he had to
first receive general education and listen to a teacher’s recount.
Abyss… Audrey, Xio, and company subconsciously repeated that term in
their hearts.
In their daily lives, the Abyss was an abstract expression. It was
synonymous with danger, pain, decadence, and corruption.
They never expected that it really existed somewhere in the Fog Sea!