Chapter 886

: Preparations Before Leaving
After some consideration, Klein, who already had such a plan, smoothly
cleared up his thoughts and decided on his plan of action.
Pa! He flicked the piece of paper in his right hand, looking up from the
soaring scarlet flames at Reinette Tinekerr. He planned on taking out a Loen
gold coin to provide payment.
However, Miss Messenger had already left. There was no one in front of
him.
Not collecting payment? Klein was first taken aback before he made the
connection. He suspected that Reinette Tinekerr had proactively asked for
payment after being used to collecting gold coins from non-contractees.
Perhaps Miss Messenger didn’t say anything, she just stared at Leonard
with those eight eyes on the four heads of hers while waiting for him to pay
the gold coin. Yet, this fellow didn’t realize it at all, trying to forcefully end
the summon, only to have his neck snapped… Klein hissed in alarm as he
used the gold coin he had just taken out to do the divination. He received
the result that Leonard Miss Messenger was still alive and doing fine.
He breathed a sigh of relief, put away the gold coin, and called out,
“Richardson.”
The half-opened room’s door opened without a sound as Richardson walked
in and politely asked, “Sir, how may I be of service?”
“Please bring the butler here.” As Klein instructed, he sighed inwardly. He
had really been spoiled by the luxurious life. Even when getting someone at
home, he wouldn’t take even half a step. He had to do it through his valet.
Well, this is an acting requirement… he said silently to himself.
Minutes later, the white-gloved Walter came to the third floor and let his
arms hang to his side. He stood in a standard posture to the side of Dwayne
Dantès, awaiting his employer’s instructions.
Klein had already considered his words, so he unhurriedly said, “Go to
Member of Parliament Macht’s place to inform him that I’ve prepared the
first installment.
“Also, prepare a carriage. I will be heading to the bursary foundation in the
morning and will return in the afternoon.
“If Member of Parliament Macht doesn’t have time for me in the afternoon,
head over to Dr. Aaron’s place, saying that I’ll pay a visit in the afternoon.”
Klein had already taken out 10,000 pounds from above the gray fog and had
stored it in a tiny leather briefcase. He was waiting for the opportune time
to complete the preparation work of the arms deal transaction.
And to air the cash of the gray fog’s smell, he had deliberately Teleported to
the sea, feeding Creeping Hunger in passing. He was afraid that Amon, who
also knew of the gray fog’s existence, would detect the special smell while
being in the same city; thus, seeking out the location of the treasure he was
yearning for.
“Alright, Sir.” Walter didn’t ask his employer how he had gathered the first
installment. If memory served him right, Dwayne Dantès hadn’t been to the
bank recently.
Of course, this wasn’t something to be bothered with. Often, foreigners,
especially tycoons from Desi or Midseashire, would prepare briefcases
filled with large sums of money ahead of time.
…
22 Phelps Street, Loen Charity Bursary Foundation headquarters.
Klein walked through the main door and went straight to the second floor
where he found the reception room for directors.
As an honorary director who occasionally participated in certain work, he
didn’t have an office here, but he could use the reception room.
He clenched his right hand into a fist and held it to his mouth, deliberately
coughing before stepping into the reception room. In there, he sat on the
sofa.
After a short wait, he stood up again and said to Richardson who was
waiting beside him, “I’ll first head to the washroom.”
After buttoning his coat, Klein stepped out of the room and happened to
meet Justice Audrey walking out of her own office.
This noble lady was wearing a rather simple dress today. It was white
adorned with dark green. Her sleeves and collars had frills, and at her chest
were layers of intercrossed lace that formed a bow tie-like flower.
She didn’t even wear any jewelry. She had a girdle which he couldn’t tell,
but near her left arm, her clothes clung to her skin when the wind blew,
allowing a slight protrusion to appear.
“Good morning, Miss Audrey.” Klein wore a look of pleasant surprise as
though it was a chance encounter.
Audrey glanced at the good-looking Dwayne Dantès with gray sideburns
and replied with a smile, “Good morning, Mr. Dantès.”
She had wanted to cheerfully say “long time no see” to snide at him for not
being to the bursary foundation ever since the opening ceremony. But
considering how their relationship was that of acquaintances, she held back
from saying such words.
Klein rubbed his temples and shook his head with a wry smile.
“I’m very sorry that I’m only coming today.
“I’ve been very busy recently. I can foresee myself being even busier in
time to come. I might make a trip to the Southern Continent to handle
certain matters.”
The reason why he specially came was that he wanted to inform Miss
Justice that he was leaving Backlund for some time. It was to express his
sincerity, hoping that this noble lady could help him watch the bursary
foundation and allow it to be operated smoothly. To Klein, he wished from
the bottom of his heart that the bursary foundation could help more of the
poor that required assistance.
“Southern Continent?” Audrey interpreted the sincerity in Dwayne Dantès’s
words as she asked in surprise.
Klein laughed and replied, “For business.”
At that instant, the first thought that came to Audrey’s mind was: Which
Sequence 5 is about to lose his life?
Upon sensing Miss Justice making some unpleasant assumptions, Klein
added, “It’s a partnership with the military for the sale of some necessities.”
What’s the meaning behind this? Dwayne Dantès’s identity is used to probe
intel from the military? Audrey was somewhat enlightened as she raised her
right hand and gestured four times in a clockwise fashion. She said with a
bright smile, “May the Goddess bless you so that everything goes
smoothly.”
After habitually saying that, she sensed that there was something discordant
about that. She had wished that the Goddess would bless a Blessed of Mr.
Fool!
This is probably closer to a curse, right… Will Mr. Gehrman Sparrow be
angry? No, he’s actually a kindhearted person deep down. And I did it
without any malicious intent… The one who returns from the Southern
Continent is probably another Blessed who’s playing Dwayne Dantès,
right? Will it be a demigod? Audrey didn’t notice it as her thoughts
wandered.
Klein gave an exasperated smile as he equally drew the crimson moon on
his chest in a familiar manner.
“May the Goddess bless us all.”
And that “She” doesn’t smite us with divine punishment… he added
silently.
Following that, he spoke as though it was a casual chat, “Have you been
going to the schools to do some promotions lately?”
“Yes.” When this was mentioned, Audrey’s expression seemed to radiate.
She was proud and happy that she had finally done something substantial.
Just as she nodded with some strength, her green eyes revealed a look of
sadness.
“After visiting a few public primary schools, I found many of the children
there very pitiful. To save money, they bring their own rye bread for lunch,
matching it with a cup of water.”
Upon saying that, she looked at Dwayne Dantès and said, somewhat
embarrassed, “I know that they’re temporarily not bringing me along to the
night schools and Sunday schools to prevent me from seeing something
worse.
“But I can imagine, I can imagine things just like those workers who can
only live for a few years once they start working at the factories…”
This was something that The World Gehrman Sparrow had once told her. It
was the first time she knew of the real situation of the lower class of
Backlund, but having not seen them with her own eyes, all she could do
was rely on her imagination.
Klein sighed and said, “Perhaps it’s worse than you can imagine.
“There’s no need to worry. Once you showcase your ability and win their
trust, you will become one of them.”
“Okay.” Audrey nodded, as though in thought about how she could
showcase herself better.
Klein didn’t continue on the conversation. After all, this was only their third
meeting. They had only exchanged a few words previously, so having too
long a conversation easily garnered suspicion.
He pointed at the washroom and apologized before opening up his gait to
walk over.
Audrey looked at Dwayne Dantès’s back and fell silent as she muttered,
“What will it be like if it’s worse…”
…
After receiving a reply from Macht, inviting him to the East Balam Military
Veterans Mess in the evening, Klein followed his plan. Hence, he visited
Dr. Aaron at four in the afternoon.
“Mr. Dantès, your butler didn’t inform me of the reason for your visit.” As
his wife was about a month from being due, Dr. Aaron had declined most of
his work, and most of the time he had stayed at home.
Towards the sudden visit of Dwayne Dantès, who he wasn’t too familiar
with, he was rather perplexed. Furthermore, with him not being good at
interpersonal relationships, he posed the question after exchanging some
pleasantries.
Klein smiled.
“This is the thing. I might be heading to the Southern Continent soon. As
you know, the weather there is humid and hot. There are all kinds of insects
and diseases there. I wish to prepare some medicine ahead of time to
prevent any accidents from happening. I wonder if you have any
suggestions. I’m really sorry, but you are the only excellent doctor I know
of.”
Dr. Aaron accepted his explanation and began seriously thinking before
giving him the names of some medicine.
Towards the end, Klein, who had written a note filled with words, used the
excuse of a stomachache to use the washroom on the first floor.
The washroom’s mirror suddenly darkened as though it was covered by a
thick shadow. And in the middle of the shadow, a black pram slowly steered
near. In it was a blurry child wrapped in silver silk.
“What is it this time?” Will Auceptin questioned using his bright voice.
Klein coughed dryly and forced a smile.
“You should have heard that I’ll be heading to the Southern Continent.
“I don’t wish to miss your birth, so I would like to know when you plan to
have your birthday.”
Will Auceptin sucked at his thumb and said, “I don’t know.”
“Even an angel can’t control when ‘He’ will be born?” Klein asked in
surprise.
Will Auceptin replied hesitantly, “You don’t understand… I’ve already
identified three dates. They have unique meaning when it comes to fate, but
I haven’t decided. I still find it blurry. Perhaps only when the time comes
will I suddenly understand what I should do.”
Is this decidophobia? It also gives the strong vibes of a charlatan… Klein
crossed his hands and indiscernibly rubbed them.
“Then how would I be able to receive notice in time so that I can return in
time to complete the transaction with you? Oh, that paper crane can no
longer be used.”