Chapter 1090

: 1090 Haunted Tales
1090 Haunted Tales
Nighttime, Pritz Harbor, in a cemetery in the suburbs.
The people who died in the airship bombings had been brought here. The
priests and bishops of the three Churches were busy comforting the souls of
the dead to prevent any anomalies from happening.
In that short day, many wives lost their husbands, many children lost their
mothers, and many families were down to a single person. Some of them
loitered in the cemetery—some silent, others sobbing. Some even wept
until they fainted.
Wearing an ordinary-looking face, Klein stood among them and watched
everything without saying a word. It was as if he had recalled the funeral he
had attended before.
While it was dark, he had just used Life’s Cane to treat the injured in
Backlund and Pritz Harbor’s various hospitals— victims of the air raid. He
had also left behind a strange and horrifying urban myth to help him further
digest the Bizarro Sorcerer potion.
And he knew that, once such haunted tales spread like wildfire, Zaratul,
who was in Backlund, would immediately be able to understand what was
going on. “He” would send his marionettes to monitor the corresponding
areas. Hence, before the news spread, he relied on “Teleporting” to travel to
all the hospitals in Backlund and Pritz Harbor, leaving behind all sorts of
horror stories to treat patients with severe illnesses.
When this matter spread, he believed that he would receive a great deal of
feedback, allowing him to take a firm and huge step in the direction of
completely digesting the potion.
However, Klein didn’t stop there. The existence of a conspiracy created by
the Red Angel evil spirit, and the fact that Zaratul was in Backlund, was
like a guillotine hanging above his head, urging him to continue searching
for opportunities.
Hence, he came here to witness the grief of the ordinary citizens.
After a moment of silence, Klein retracted his gaze and turned to leave the
cemetery.
After arriving at an empty spot, his left glove quickly turned dark blue, and
slippery fish scales grew out.
With a whoosh, the wind swept over, and Klein flew up into the air towards
the harbor.
In the sea beyond the land, the Sonia Sea fleet from the Feysac Empire was
quietly waiting. It was as if they were prepared to launch another
bombardment after daybreak, destroying the rest of the shipyards.
Soon, Klein arrived above the harbor ruins and looked at the faint flames in
the dark night.
At the same time, his two marionettes had used Flaming Jump to rush over
from the ground, splitting up into different hidden locations.
From what he had heard and seen, Klein didn’t have any doubts or feelings
towards what he was about to do. However, he was still confused.
Taking revenge on the invaders was a legitimate matter, but if he were to
seriously injure the Feysac fleet, the happiest person would be the Loen
King, George III—the true mastermind behind all of this, one of the culprits
who had pushed for war!
There are too many principles in this world, but only those who have truly
experienced it will realize that there are times when doing nothing is the
correct path. It will fill one’s heart with conflict… With a sigh, Klein turned
his attention to the information he had received from The Hanged Man.
The commander of the Sonia Sea fleet from the Feysac Empire was
Admiral Egor Einhorn. He was a demigod from the royal family, currently a
Sequence 4 Iron-blooded Knight of the Red Priest pathway!
Through this information, together with the contents of the Red Priest card,
more key points surfaced in Klein’s mind.
Iron-blooded Knight can make women turn into men, and also make them
have courage that is comparable to steel. Not only can they control multiple
types of flames, but they’re also masters in this domain. They can even turn
their own flames into steel…
On the Nepos, the flagship of the Feysac Empire’s Sonia Sea fleet.
A burly man with a thick beard more than two meters tall, Egor Einhorn,
was sitting behind a desk. As he drank Sonia blood wine, he pondered over
what to do next.
After daybreak, Loen’s airship crew will definitely attack. Their Pritz
ironclad warship and the corresponding fleet will return soon. If they
continue staying here, I’ll be left in a passive situation.
Although I’m a Iron-blooded Knight, allowing the entire fleet’s power to
gather onto me while distributing the damage, the commanding officer of
the ironclad warship is most likely a demigod of the Arbiter pathway, or
they have the corresponding Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, so it won’t be easy to
deal with them… If I’m not careful, they might be able to make use of the
advantage of their fleet’s speed and armaments…
Retreating is the best option. After that, we’ll continue attacking the coastal
ports while the Loen navy is damaged… Heh heh, this war is indeed a good
opportunity to digest potions.
Unfortunately, I wasn’t able to become a War Bishop before this.
Otherwise, I might have a chance to advance to the level of an angel after
the war. Sigh, only a War Bishop can truly unleash the strength of an army.
It’s not like how I am right now, only able to focus power on myself…
In the midst of Egor Einhom’s thoughts, he planned on using the hidden
connection between an Iron-blooded Knight and the soldiers that were
under his command to inform his adjutant to pay him a visit, so that he
could give the orders of performing a retreat overnight.
Suddenly, he looked up at the door.
Thump!
There was a knock on the door, and it instantly reverberated in the quiet
room.
An advance warning before an attack… This thought flashed across Egor’s
mind and he became extremely tense.
In a battle between demigods, setting up an environment, sudden attacks,
and catching enemies by surprise was a good way to seize the initiative. It
was a combination that could effectively defeat or even kill an enemy of the
same level. On the contrary, it was very difficult to accomplish it
successfully. Therefore, giving an advance notice before an attack was
either a warning without any follow-ups, or it meant that the attacker’s level
and strength far exceeded the target.
As a senior Iron-blooded Knight, Egor instinctively considered the worst
situation. He immediately woke up every sailor and soldier on the Nepos to
establish a connection with him.
At that moment, the noise sounded again.
Boom!
This time, the knocking sound on the door was comparable to the loud
boom of a salvo. It made Egor feel like a bomb had exploded in his ears.
Under his high-strung nerves, he carefully listened to the commotion. This
wasn’t much different from the roar of a Cataclysmic Interrer!
In an instant, Egor’s ears buzzed and he felt dizzy.
He quickly spread out the damage and let every member of the Nepos hear
a faint buzz.
Then, Egor grabbed the fountain pen on the table and threw it at the door.
This dark red fountain pen left afterimages along the way, like a cannonball
that had been fired.
To an Iron-blooded Knight, no matter how ordinary it was, it could become
a terrifying murderous weapon through his augmentation!
Boom!
The door that was hit by the fountain pen cracked open, revealing the
person in the corridor who had knocked on the door.
It was a man in a black trench coat. His body was as thin as paper, and his
face had no facial features.
At that moment, the fountain pen had already exploded. The tiny fragments
were like storms brought about by the sweeping of a machine gun. It
embroiled the person who knocked on the door, tearing him into pieces of
flesh and blood.
Egor didn’t relax. Instead, he stood up and looked around warily.
He clearly knew that the person who had knocked on the door hadn’t
appeared!
At this moment, the adjutant, whose bunk was diagonally across from him,
opened the door and ran out. When he saw the flesh and blood on the
ground, he said in surprise, “Admiral, what happened?”
“There’s an intruder…” Before Egor could finish his sentence, his gaze
suddenly froze on the adjutant.
The adjutant retracted his gaze from the flesh and blood on the ground and
slowly raised his head.
There were no eyebrows, eyes, nose, or mouth on his face. It was the same
as the person who had knocked just now—a featureless surface.
Egor’s heart palpitated, and his entire body ignited, transforming into
flames that shot out in all directions.
After the scarlet flames dispersed, they swept forward and surrounded the
adjutant.
The fire quickly spread, revealing the already charred adjutant.
When the cold wind blew past, the adjutant collapsed into a pile of ashes.
The flames didn’t stop as they flew out of the room, one after another,
forming a tall and burly Egor in midair.
At that moment, he saw seagulls flying around him. All of them had a
human head without any facial features—their heads bare!
Egor let out a secret grunt as a blazing flame surrounded him before he sent
towards the strange seagulls at high speeds.
At that moment, he heard the sound of metal rubbing against each other and
immediately looked over with the help of the soldiers.
When he saw this, his body suddenly turned cold. He couldn’t help but feel
a sense of horror.
On one of the ships on the other sail-powered battleship of the Sonia Sea
fleet, the cannons seemed to come alive and had a life of their own!
They turned around and aimed into the air.
As for the cannonballs, they actively leaped into the cannons.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
The moment these shells were fired, they were struck by fireballs that
followed different trajectories, exploding prematurely mid-flight.
Seizing this opportunity, Egor quickly recited the honorific name of the
highest commander in the Sonia Sea theater—a Weather Warlock from the
royal family.
“The ruler of the fog of the battlefield, the symbol of weather flux, the
totem of the storm and lightning, the great Awatoma Einhorn…”
This was also the reason why it was difficult to kill a demigod of the same
level when an advanced warning was given. They could always find an
opportunity to seek help.
Of course, the main goal of the attacker, Klein, was to create a bizarre scene
to scare a demigod and help him digest his potion. He had no intention of
completing the hunt.
Upon seeing this, he hid beneath the water. Having achieved his goal, he
immediately got Qonas and Enuni to swap locations over to him and
“Teleport” away with them.
As for Egor, he didn’t let his guard down. He remained extremely tense and
guarded against any possible attacks.
Only when the angel responded did he truly heave a sigh of relief.
Following that, Egor didn’t let the fleet stay any longer. He abandoned the
sail-powered battleship that had turned into an urban myth, and he left those
waters.
After a while, a seagull flew over and landed on the sail-powered battleship
that had regained its silence.
The seagull had obvious dark eye circles. It looked around and said in the
language of humans, “I can smell the aura of a Seer demigod…”