Chapter 857

: Poignant
Cuarón committed suicide? His will accused me of forcing him to sell his
shares? His family can even provide evidence? As Klein listened to the
officer’s description, he digested the relevant information and produced
questions in his mind.
After he understood the situation, his first reaction was: Baron Syndras has
taken action!
This powerful banker didn’t hesitate to carry out his follow-up action
against me after failing to cooperate with me, treating me as an enemy. He
didn’t hold back!
Furthermore, he has clearly gathered enough information to know that
Dwayne Dantès is involved with the Church of Evernight and Member of
Parliament Macht and the faction backing him. If he were to directly deal
with me, it would easily attract unwanted trouble. Therefore, he chose to
strike at the other end of the transaction, Cuarón. This will be more indirect
and safer, but it would be equally treacherous and ruthless.
This is an utter disregard of an ordinary person’s life… Klein suddenly
recalled the innocent people who collapsed during the Great Smog of
Backlund. He couldn’t help but feel a sense of rage surge within him as it
bubbled to the surface but was ice-cold.
Klein used his Clown powers to control his facial expression, making him
look even more surprised as he asked, seemingly finding the situation
incomprehensible, “Are you certain you aren’t joking?”
The leading officer nodded solemnly.
“If we didn’t have sufficient clues to support it, we wouldn’t disturb a
gentleman like you.
“Mr. Dwayne Dantès, I’ll have to trouble you to follow us to the station for
further investigations.”
Despite looking unperturbed, Klein’s mind was racing. Just as he was about
to say something, he suddenly noticed something illogical.
Regardless, murder is a serious crime in the current Loen Kingdom. With
Baron Syndras’s identity, status, and social connections, he will have at
least a few dozen effective means to deal with a foreign tycoon that just
came to Backlund two months ago. There’s no need to go this far.
After all, as a member of high society, he will more or less understand or be
in contact with Beyonder powers. He knows that there are all kinds of
incredible means to pursue the true murderer. Unless he’s completely
confident, taking the risk to frame someone for murder is definitely the
worst choice.
If Syndras were to use his authority to suppress the investigations of the
official Beyonders, it will definitely be more effective and simpler to employ
other means!
Even if he temporarily isn’t aware that I’m about to work with the military,
he’s definitely aware of my connection with the Church of Evernight and
Member of Parliament Macht. He wouldn’t do things in such a simple and
brazen manner… Most importantly, even if he’s the kind of murderer who
would kill for 3% shares, why didn’t he do it earlier? He could’ve held
Cuarón at gunpoint early on, resolving the matter without causing any
fuss… Klein glanced at the officers in front of him while in thought without
immediately giving an answer.
And in an adjacent room, Xio and Fors were leaning against the wall. Using
the latter’s ability to open a small door, they didn’t miss any parts of the
entire conversation.
“What do we do? If the police want to arrest him, do we still provide
protection?” Fors, who lacked the experience of a bounty hunter, hurriedly
suppressed her voice as she asked her friend.
She never expected that the business conflict would result in a case of
murder and suspicion of framing. The enemy she had imagined had
transformed from an infiltrating murderous bandit into a police officer. She
was momentarily unsure of what to do.
Xio was also in a dilemma.
“Usually, a bodyguard will only deal with illegal encroachers.
“But… They have given a sufficiently sizable remuneration.”
Fors was surprised and amused by the response as she asked, “If he really is
imprisoned, are you thinking of breaking him out of jail?
“Let’s put aside the problem of danger. That way, you too would be wanted,
and you won’t be able to be a bounty hunter again. When the time comes,
do you plan on fleeing elsewhere with this gentleman?”
As she spoke, Fors, who had already come up with a story, discovered that
Dwayne Dantès had a response.
This elegant gentleman with white sideburns turned to look at Walter and
said with a calm and gentle voice, “Two matters. First, visit Baron Syndras
and tell him that someone is trying to frame him.”
Walter revealed a rare look of surprise and confusion, finding his
employer’s instructions incomprehensible.
From his point of view, this matter was highly likely to be machinated by
Baron Syndras. It was pointless visiting him, as it would only result in
mockery.
Klein smiled.
“He was a guest recently, and he had threatened me for the shares.
Following that, Mr. Cuarón met with his demise. I find it hard to believe
that he wouldn’t be under suspicion. Therefore, I believe that it’s necessary
to warn him. This is what a gentleman should do.”
The officers were slightly perturbed by what was said. They had the
inexplicable feeling that the matter was more complicated than they had
imagined. As for Walter, he was somewhat enlightened as he replied, “Yes,
sir. I’ll immediately visit Baron Syndras and inform your friends and his of
this matter.”
This way, if this wasn’t done by Baron Syndras, all subsequent trouble
would be dealt with by him. If he were the mastermind behind this, by
involving him in the name of kindly warning him and spreading the news, it
could create sufficient pressure from public opinion. It would make it easier
for Member of Parliament Macht and company to “rescue” him.
Smart… A good butler really helps… Klein silently praised him as he
continued, “Second, please call for my lawyer to handle this tiny
inconvenience.”
After instructing his butler and valet, Klein looked at the few officers in
front of him.
“Alright, I’ll follow you back to the station. I won’t make things difficult
for you.
“However, I wouldn’t answer any of your questions before my lawyer
arrives.”
The leading officer heaved a sigh of relief as he said with a nod, “Thank
you for your cooperation, Mr. Dantès.”
At this moment, in the adjacent room, Fors hurriedly said, “Are we
following?”
“Yes. I’ll hide underneath the carriage now and follow it to the station. We
can’t be certain that those police officers are real ones!” Xio replied rather
cautiously.
She paused, seizing the moment to ask, “What else do you wish to say?”
Fors thought for a moment and poignantly said, “Nobles and tycoons are
truly terrifying!”
Xio was taken aback. She didn’t speak further as she walked to the window.
Supporting herself with one hand, she nimbly jumped down, landing in the
shadows of the building.
A few minutes later, Klein and two officers boarded a carriage belonging to
Dwayne Dantès.
When he sat down, he looked at the thick carpet, his expression the same as
before.
…
At the police station, Klein was directly brought to an interrogation room.
However, he didn’t give a response, regardless of what the officer asked.
Only when his lawyer arrived did he give an account. He said that he had
only met Cuarón once. He also mentioned that the negotiation of the share
purchase was completely handled by a professional team; hence, he didn’t
personally involve himself in it.
He repeated his statements, saying that he was unaware of anything else.
This left the interrogator at a loss until he was called out of the room.
After a while, the officer responsible for recording the statement walked in
and said, “Alright, you may leave. A gentleman with an honorable status
has vouched for you and paid for your bail.”
Klein didn’t immediately stand up as he continued sitting in the chair. He
looked up and asked, “Who is it?”
The officer said with a respectful tone, “Baron Syndras.”
Klein immediately revealed a smile as he slowly got up. He left the
interrogation room with his lawyer before meeting up with his butler and
valet.
At the entrance to the police station, he met Baron Syndras once again.
This powerful banker’s hair was still neatly combed back, with silver and
black interweaving with each other. Beside him was a valet and his bearded
bodyguard.
“Thank you for your warning, Dantès. Few people would be so calm and
sharp when they encounter such a sudden turn of events,” Syndras smiled as
he took two steps forward, reached out his palm, and shook Klein’s hand.
Klein replied with a smile, “I was simply trusting your character.”
Syndras obviously didn’t believe such lip service. He found an excuse and,
with his bodyguard, boarded Dwayne Dantès’s carriage.
As for his valet, he sent him off to his luxurious carriage to instruct the
carriage driver to follow behind.
As parasol trees flew past outside the carriage window, Syndras spoke first.
“Dantès, how did you come to such a judgment?”
Klein glanced at his butler and valet beside him and chuckled.
“Two points. First, I believe that you will have a better solution. You
wouldn’t do something this violent.”
Syndras drank a mouthful of white wine on the carriage as he chuckled.
“Indeed.”
“…” The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched as he said, “I’m very curious as
to what kind of methods you would employ.”
He had only asked in passing, without the extravagant hopes of obtaining an
answer. However, Syndras chuckled and said,
“With matters developing this far, it doesn’t matter if I tell you.
“It’s very simple: isn’t your goal to enter high society? I planned to hire
women of different ages. They will accuse you on different social occasions
that you toyed with their feelings and bodies, but you refuse to be
responsible for your actions. If necessary, I’ll find a few toddling children
to clasp you around the legs, calling you PA 1 . Perhaps I might get some
civilians to accuse you of seducing their wives and destroying their
marriage.
“This is Loen, a rather conservative place. No one would wish to have such
a person as a friend. Likewise, the Church of Evernight who values
‘marriage’ and ‘family’ will also distance itself from you.
“It will be difficult to clear the air on such matters; yet, it wouldn’t be a big
deal. They wouldn’t use their resources to help do an investigation for you.
By the time you eventually find a loophole, your image would be hardened
and known by all. How many people do you think will believe your
explanations? You are just a newcomer and have yet to build a reputation.
You aren’t that trustworthy.
“Of course, if you were willing to accept my conditions, I’d stake my
reputation for you.
“That will be the first step. Now, it wouldn’t happen.”
Klein was almost stunned by what he heard. He found himself too
inexperienced compared to a seasoned banker who had established a
commercial empire for himself.
“I believe I should thank you,” he replied with an unfazed smile. “Second,
if you really wanted the 3% shares, I wouldn’t be your match when it comes
to wealth. It would ultimately be better to force Mr. Cuarón rather than
killing him after the sale is completed.”
Syndras raised his right hand and pressed his fingers to the corner of his
forehead as he chuckled.
“No, you’re mistaken. I was bent on obtaining the 3% share.
“However, you’re right about one thing. I did prepare an irresistible offer
for Cuarón, but he suddenly made a decision and completed the deal with
you at an extremely fast speed. It caught me by surprise.”
Klein narrowed his eyes slightly as he suddenly fell silent.
…
Returning to 160 Böklund Street, Xio circled the area and entered the third
floor again, seeing Fors who had easily entered by using Door Opening.
“How is it? Nothing happened, right?” Fors, who had only followed from a
distance away, asked curiously.
Xio shook her head in a slightly wooden manner.
“No.”
She then revealed a poignant expression.
“Nobles and tycoons are truly terrifying.”