Chapter 1386

Narrow Path
Upon hearing Amon’s “you’re crazy,” Klein raised his head and laughed out
loud.
“I just gave up according to your arrangements. It’s just that it’s more
complete than you think.”
As he spoke, an illusory brand appeared on the forehead of the ice-cold and
bizarre mask he was wearing.
It was a strange door of light that was tainted with bluish-blackness.
As for Klein, he was also enveloped in something similar.
Under the translucent dark-colored cloak, more and more slippery and
sinister tentacles appeared. They were densely packed and extended until
they occupied the nearby sky.
As his dark eyes flashed, Klein looked at Amon and said with a smile, “For
me, instead of you becoming the Lord of the Mysteries, wouldn’t it be
better if we let the past ‘Him’ revive?”
After his mental state stabilized and he figured out the key to Amon’s
surprise attack, Klein’s thoughts of “giving up” removed his resistance
towards the Lord of the Mysteries’s will in his body, allowing “Him” to
further revive.
It was precisely because of this that he was able to control Sefirah Castle at
critical moments and borrow the power of “Error” to avoid the collapse of
the space created by Amon.
Without waiting for Amon’s response, the corners of Klein’s lips curled up
as he said with a smile, “After you were corrupted by Sefirah Castle and
showed signs of madness, you immediately recovered and could use Sefirah
Castle to create the effects of ‘Blind Stupidity.’ After releasing the
suppression of the Lord of the Mysteries’s will in you, you didn’t enter a
half-crazy state, as there are external powers helping you.
“You should have an extremely key important avatar. It might even be like
Pallez’s choice to lower ‘His’ level. It’s sleeping at Adam’s place, and it
allows a Visionary like ‘Him’ to personally protect your mental state. As
long as the awakening of the Lord of the Mysteries’s will doesn’t exceed
the limits of what Adam can withstand, you won’t go crazy here if you
don’t lose control there.
“Therefore, your most serious problem is that you have to maintain a
normal connection with that body. Once it’s interfered with, your condition
will be in trouble. And this connection is actually very weak under Sefirah
Castle’s isolation effect.
“You deliberately showed a half-crazed state for two reasons. Other than
luring me to find an opportunity in this direction and stepping on the trap
you set up, you were also hiding this fact so that I won’t be able to target
this aspect while engaging in a battle with you.
“Of course, there are plenty of problems outside these ones. After all, you
aren’t fully prepared. If I had discovered these problems earlier, even if I
was a King of Angels with the Uniqueness, there’s no way for me to defeat
you.”
Amon listened quietly and raised “His” hand to adjust the crystal monocle
in “His” right eye. The corners of “His” lips curled up as “He” let out a sigh
with a smile.
Upon seeing this, Klein smiled and shook his head.
“You truly are powerful, cunning, and terrifying, truly worthy of the title of
‘God of Deceit.’ If it wasn’t for the fact that I had long considered what I
would do when forced into a corner by you and had no other choice, I
definitely would’ve hesitated just now. And if I hesitated slightly, I
would’ve already died.”
In that case, Amon would completely control Sefirah Castle, preventing
Klein from returning from the fog of history for a resurrection.
Amon stared at the increasing number of sinister tentacles extending out
from under Klein’s dark-colored cloak. “He” slowly took a deep breath and
said with a smile, “The Lord of the Mysteries in you is about to truly
awaken.”
Klein’s smile had a nerve-wracking feeling to it.
“You can also compete with me on this point.
“Our next battle is very simple: It’s a competition of who awakens the Lord
of the Mysteries’s will to a greater extent, a competition of whose control
over Sefirah Castle is deeper. 50%, 70%, 90%, until we reach 100%. Then,
with a bang, we explode and ‘He’ returns.
“What do you think? Are you going to take the bet? Let’s see who can’t
hold on any longer first? It’s very thrilling, very interesting, and very suited
to your preferences. It’s like the roulette that’s popular in Feysac. Two
people, each having a revolver and a bullet inside. They take turns pulling
the trigger at their temples. Whoever gives up first results in his opponent
winning. And if no one gives up and persists until the end, there won’t be a
winner. ‘He’ will be the winner.”
Amon’s brows pricked up as “He” smiled without saying a word.
Klein looked at “Him,” and said with a smile, “Although you’ve always
been pursuing thrills and are known to be a risk-taker, you achieve your
goals most of the time. Not only do you not lose much, you often gain a lot.
And in the few failures that you do experience, you only lose some of your
avatars and some items. You’ve never suffered any serious injuries or been
placed in a desperate situation.
“Your every action is a product of meticulous planning. Even if you fail,
you will have a way out.
“Does this mean that you value your life more than I imagined? You do like
thrills and seek it for pleasure, but to do so regardless of the price is just an
image you portray. How can a real God of Deceit wager a bet with
‘Himself’ at stake?
“Of course, this is just my own guess. Perhaps it’s wrong. Anyway, do you
want to take the bet?”
Amon stroked the crystal monocle and made a tsk like Medici.
“You’re really crazy.”
Klein replied with a smile, “In the eyes of others, this is indeed insane.
“But to me, it’s just a choice.
“Compared to you, I’m more willing to believe in the former Lord of the
Mysteries. ‘He’ is a true Great Old One, looking down on the Universe
from high above and treating most of the living beings as insects. This
would make ‘Him’ distance ‘Himself’ from reality.
“Besides, I should still have time to get the Genie to be my witness. I’ll get
the Lord of the Mysteries to promise me certain things. To ‘Him,’ it’s very
simple and worthless.”
Having said that, the corners of Klein’s mouth curled up as he said,
“I won’t lose too much, just myself.
“There are always some things that are more important than others.”
Amon maintained “His” smile but didn’t say a word.
Klein then surveyed the area and found the Magic Wishing Lamp and
Trunsoest Brass Book among the floating fragments of the wilderness.
He immediately laughed out loud.
“Look, I didn’t get punished. This means that I’m not lying. I’m telling the
truth.”
In fact, the laws set up by the Trunsoest Brass Book had long been
abolished since the divine kingdom was destroyed during the star’s descent.
Later on, the Amons dared to attempt to use “Steal,” but Klein’s main goal
wasn’t to prove anything, but to show his determination, firmness, or
perhaps madness.
Of course, what he said was the truth. He was indeed willing to put them
into practice. Otherwise, there was no way he could hide it from Amon or
exert enough pressure on “Him.”
Amon smiled and said without a hint of panic, “Sounds interesting.”
“Isn’t it? Let’s begin,” Klein replied without hesitation as his eyes turned
darker.
Amon’s smile froze as “His” palms suddenly gathered together.
Beneath “His” classical black robe, there were also slippery and sinister
tentacles.
“His” aura changed a little as “His” body seemed to have a dark cloak on it.
At that moment, Amon became more like the Lord of the Mysteries.
However, “He” wasn’t competing with Klein in the progression of the
awakening of the Lord of the Mysteries. Instead, “He” was using this to
deceive Sefirah Castle to create a corresponding “Bug” and creating a
chance to escape.
If the authority of the Error were to take effect at the same level, it would
often have different preconditions:
First, the medium and target had to be similar enough; second, there was a
certain connection between the two; third, there were certain logical
contradictions between certain matters or objects; fourth, some of the rules
were indeed incomplete; fifth, while not directly affecting the target,
construct an “Erroneous” environment as a divine kingdom…
In this aspect, the restrictions of “Fooling” were even fewer, but once an
“Error” satisfied the conditions, it would be difficult to defend against or
terminate it.
Amon now wanted to take the initiative to disguise “Himself” and satisfy
the first category.
This was similar to the invasion of a virus. First, it had to make the other
party believe that they were on the same side to avoid detection and then
paralyze any defenses to achieve their respective goals.
When a fruit looked like a strawberry, smelled like a strawberry, tasted like
a strawberry, then it would basically be considered as a strawberry.
But in reality, there might be an exception.
At this moment, Amon’s appearance resembled that of the Lord of the
Mysteries. “His” aura was like the Lord of the Mysteries, and “His” powers
were like the Lord of the Mysteries. “His” mental imprint was also similar
to the Lord of the Mysteries. With the authority of an “Error,” it would
naturally make Sefirah Castle believe that “He” was the Lord of the
Mysteries.
Suddenly, Klein’s damaged The Fool divine kingdom completely collapsed.
The grand and ancient palace and the mottled table inside appeared.
The grayish-white fog beneath Sefirah Castle rose and enveloped the space.
The grayish-white fog split into two waves. They clashed fiercely in a
particular spot, producing vortexes one after another. They tore open a gap
that led to reality.
The power of Sefirah Castle was at odds with itself in this second. It was as
though it didn’t know which Lord of the Mysteries to obey.
Amon’s figure immediately vanished, using Door’s authority to rush out of
Sefirah Castle.
Just as “He” touched the edge, “His” body paused before being sent flying
backward.
At The Fool’s seat, the corners of Klein’s lips curled up as he sat there. His
glabella and the strange door of light around him became more obvious, as
though they were corporeal.
This released an immense convergence force that reached an unimaginable
level. It was like an invisible hand that pulled Amon back!
Amon’s body suddenly split apart, transforming into countless “selves.”
And in front of every Amon, an illusory astral door appeared.
Silently, the astral doors opened at the same time, but in the endless
darkness behind the doors, slippery and sinister tentacles appeared,
blocking Amon’s escape.
At the tip of the tentacles, resplendent starlight lit up as they instantly
enveloped the Amons.
The Amons couldn’t help but gather together, turning into a conceptual
cluster.
These concepts included but weren’t limited to pointed hats, classical black
robes, monocles, fate, time, keys, doors, bugs, and trojan horses.
Klein slowly stood up and smiled at the conceptualized Amon who was
now in a passive state.
“You can also awaken the Lord of the Mysteries’s will further, but this is
different from death. It’ll definitely affect the body at Adam’s side.”
A conceptualized Amon rapidly gained a physical form. “He” relied on the
“Door” authority to escape from “His” current state.
The corners of “His” mouth curled into a smile, but “He” didn’t respond to
Klein. “He” seized this opportunity to use the “Error” authority to deceive;
using an avatar outside that “He” had prepared ahead of time, it could be
used to replace “Him” and swap places with “Him.”
This was similar to the swapping of marionettes in the Seer domain, but at
this level, the principles were different. It wouldn’t be affected in most
situations.
However, Amon still failed.
“He” realized that “His” “Error” authority had been forcefully suppressed.
As Klein slowly got up, more slippery and sinister tentacles appeared
around him. The smile on his face became more exaggerated.
Right on the heels of that, Amon’s eyes glazed over and the smile on his
face froze as the crystal monocle lost its luster.
At the same time, the cold, bizarre mask on Klein’s face squirmed.
The “Blind Stupidity” effect!
In the next second, he “Grafted” himself to a certain concept in the cosmos,
and he used his authority to influence the corresponding environment.
The surrounding slippery tentacles aimed at Amon, like revolvers.
In Amon’s eyes that were still glazed over, a supernova exploded.
An unimaginable sea of scorching light surged out, shattering “His”
monocle and drowning “His” body.