Chapter 1040

The Tranquil Surface of the Sea
Not bad, a Spectator’s ability to adjust their own emotions are rather
impressive… Klein commented inwardly as he looked at the golden
retriever on the back seat of the bicycle. He then sized up the bicycle that
looked different from the bicycles on the street. He casually asked, “Is this a
new bike designed specially for women?”
“What do you mean specially designed for women? If you wish to ride it,
you can too,” Audrey replied with a smile. “I only told the people at the
Bike Company that they needed to consider the requirements of the
different demographics. This is their latest product they designed. It has yet
to be industrialized. I was given a prototype to give them some feedback.”
“An excellent idea,” Klein praised with a smile before asking thoughtfully,
“Do you know the owner of the Backlund Bike Company?”
Audrey’s eyes narrowed a little as she answered, “Of course, I’m one of the
major shareholders of the Backlund Bike Company.”
Major shareholder… I almost forgot about that… She ultimately
succeeded… Klein seemed to understand something as the comers of his
lips curled up slightly as he shook his head in a self-deprecating manner.
“I see. My imagination still isn’t good enough.
“How is it? How does it feel after riding it?”
Audrey held the bicycle’s handles and darted her eyes about slightly,
recalling as she said, “It’s great. It’s very suitable for women.”
Honorable lady, that wasn’t what you said a moment ago… Klein pricked
his brows, but he didn’t interrupt the girl.
Audrey smiled and continued, “To me, it can help me adjust my mood and
relieve stress. It’s like riding a horse. However, that requires special
equipment, and I have to do it at the horse ranch in the suburbs. It 丨 s
impossible to get the horse to gallop at full speed at home or on the streets.
It lacks that feeling, but bicycles don’t have that problem. I can even head
into the alleys which horse carriages can’t enter. It allows me to take in
different sights. Just now, I rode past a house and saw their garden
blooming with flowers. It made me feel especially happy.
“Oh, when I encountered other people on bicycles, I feel very happy too.
They work hard to live, carrying that little bit of hope. Although they’re
busy and in a rush, they don’t appear listless. Alright, don’t laugh at me. I
know you want to say that those who can afford bicycles are definitely not
those at the lowest rungs of society. I’m just happy for them.
“I hope that one day, I can ride through every street in Backlund.”
Klein listened quietly as his mood improved.
With Miss Justice’s description, it seemed possible for the scene to appear
in front of him. And this was a trivial change he had brought to this world.
He laughed and said, “No, I have no way of refuting it. It sounds very
interesting. This is what I wish to see in Backlund —the more the merrier.
“I originally had doubts about certain things, but now, I seem to have fewer
doubts.”
With that said, he pointed at 22 Phelps Street, the Loen Charity Bursary
Foundation’s door.
“Let’s go in. It looks like it’s going to rain soon.”
“Alright, I’ll park the bicycle.” Audrey got off the bicycle and pushed it and
her golden retriever towards the back door.
There was a parking spot for bicycles which had been specially demarcated.
It was indoors, so there was no need to be afraid of the rain. In an
organization like the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation, more and more of
the staff who often needed to travel deep into East Borough were beginning
to ride bikes. Of course, none of them dared to venture too deeply into East
Borough on such a transportation tool, as everything could be stolen there.
As they approached the back door, Susie jumped off the bicycle. She turned
back to look at the spot from before and said in puzzlement, “Audrey, that
Mr. Dantes person had a mixed tone when he heard you say that you were
one of the major shareholders of the Bicycle Company, but I failed to
decipher his true meaning.”
Audrey pursed her lips and chuckled.
“I previously heard that Mr. Dantes was one of the people who attempted to
compete with Hibbert for buying the shares of the Bicycle Company.”
“I get it now!” Susie revealed an obvious smile and felt happy for the
accuracy of her observation.
Inside the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation, Klein very gentlemanly
waited until Miss Audrey returned with her Beyonder dog and followed
them to the second floor.
At this moment, a staff came forward and said to Audrey, “Director,
Chancellor Portland Moment from the Backlund University of Technology
is waiting for you in the reception room.”
“Why is Chancellor Moment here?” Audrey asked in surprise.
The staff first greeted Director Dwayne Dantes before answering, “He
didn’t say…”
Before the staff could finish his sentence, the stout and ruddy Portland
Moment walked out of the reception room while combing his white hair.
He then pressed his hand to his chest and bowed.
“Honorable Miss Audrey, please forgive me for rashly paying a visit.’
In Loen, after getting to know each other, they greeted noble ladies by their
last names and greeted the young ladies by name.
“It’s my pleasure,” Audrey replied politely.
Portland Moment was a chancellor who paid more attention to academics.
Without any further flattery or pleasantries, he bluntly said with a smile,
“This is the thing: I wish to add a mechanical laboratory to our technical
university. The goal is to invent and promote various mechanical
technologies that aids businesses and daily life. I wonder if you’re
interested in donating or investing in them?
“Heh heh, Dwayne. How about it? Do you have any thoughts of working
together? Don’t worry, I’ll definitely get a grant from the Higher Education
Commission.”
It’s a very good idea, but Backlund and the entire kingdom might be falling
into a maelstrom afterward… Klein was a little dazed after hearing
Principal Moment’s words.
Audrey nodded slightly and said with a smile, “It sounds interesting, but I
need to see more information. This is a responsibility for myself and my
responsibility towards you.”
“I think so too,” Klein added.
Portland Moment chortled heartily.
“No problem. I’ll arrange the information when I get back.”
In the Fog Sea, on the Golden Dream.
Gehrman Sparrow is actually concerned about Anderson’s situation… Also,
what’s the meaning of searching for items related to Vice Admiral Ailment?
Many pirates are wildly going after something similar, but they hav^
succeeded… Danitz, who had received Gehrman Sparrow’s message, was
completely puzzled.
But regardless of his puzzlement, he thanked Mr. Fool seriously and
carefully.
Following that, he put down his fishing rod and turned to enter the cabin,
heading straight for the room where Anderson was residing.
He knocked on the door and opened it in one fell swoop. With his arms
crossed, Danitz stood at the door and said to Anderson, who was composing
a portrait, “How is it? How’s the digestion of that thing in your stomach?”
Anderson put down his brush, glanced at Danitz, and replied heavily, “It
already knows how to call me Daddy.”
Danitz subconsciously took two steps back.
Anderson immediately returned to his relaxed state as he said with a smile,
“Just joking. It’s not bad. Your captain has ideas and the drive. The only
problem is that we’ve met with failure too many times.
“Uh, the object in my stomach has been isolated. It won’t affect me for a
long time.”
As he spoke, he rubbed his belly.
Danitz pricked up his brows and curiously asked, “There was originally
some sort of effect?”
Anderson sized up Danitz a few times.
“You should’ve heard that some Beyonder characteristics or potions will
seep into items that are in prolonged contact with them and transform them
into Sealed Artifacts that are difficult to use. However, a human’s body is
just a relatively special item.
“At times, I really do suspect that you obtained Beyonder powers through
contact with potions and not through consumption. That’s why your brain
has rotted.”
In the past, Danitz would definitely be furious, but now, all he did was
chuckle.
“In other words, if you don’t isolate it, the thing in your stomach will
gradually fuse and reconstruct your body, including your brain?”
Anderson was amused when he heard that.
Very good. Continue, don’t stop. I think you can attempt to advance to
Sequence 6. Yes, you’re usually very skilled at setting up fires.”
Danitz replied disdainfully, “I’m only lacking in the ingredients.”
Thinking of Gehrman Sparrow’s instructions, he pressed unwillingly, “How
is the matter supposed to be dealt with after its isolation?”
Anderson stroked the first button of his shirt as he chuckled.
Two possibilities. One, is to seek the help of a demigod, such as an
Unshadowed, allowing the object to seep out bit by bit. In this aspect, your
captain knows someone who can do it. The only problem is that my
Beyonder characteristic might be purged while purging that object. It will
drop my Sequence and even turn me into an ordinary person.
“The second line of thought is to think of a way to obtain the Iron-blooded
Knight potion formula. Prepare the corresponding ritual and supplementary
ingredients and see if there’s a way to accommodate that object and use it to
become a demigod.”
“That sounds very dangerous.” Danitz gave an objective assessment of the
second line of thought.
Anderson’s smile became more obvious.
“Indeed, this is very dangerous. I don’t even know if it will work.
“But don’t you think it’s interesting to have such a challenging task? At
least, this is more consistent with my aesthetic judgment than the first
method.”
Danitz shook his head seriously and said, “No.”
Following that, he asked in a provocative and probing manner, “Don’t you
have a large inheritance—no, wealth? I can bring back your ashes.”
Anderson wasn’t annoyed at all as he solemnly nodded.
“When the time comes, you can consider eating my ashes directly.”
…Why isn’t it possible to provoke this guy at all… The corners of Danitz’s
mouth twitched as he decided to give up. He wanted to seek the captain and
ask how he could obtain items related to Vice Admiral Ailment.
Late at night, at 160 Boklund Street, just as Klein was about to sleep, he
saw Miss Messenger walk out while holding four blonde, red-eyed heads in
hand. One of them bit on a thin envelope with a letter stuffed in it.
“Who’s it from?” Klein asked out of habit as he extended his hand to
receive it.
Reinette Tinekerr’s four heads spoke one after another:
“Sharron…” “Who…” “Doesn’t Like…” “Nicknames…”