Chapter 1252

: Mr. Clown
When they saw the figure walking out from behind the collapsed tower, the
members of the City of Silver’s expedition team immediately put up a
defensive stance, ready to attack or provide any defense.
In their eyes, the man wearing strange clothes and a strange hat was
equivalent to a monster, a particularly terrifying one at that!
Even normal Beyonders would view themselves as monsters after being
subject to such a physical mutation!
Upon seeing the reactions of the half-giants, Klein grinned widely and said
with a beaming smile, “Hello everyone, I’m Gehrman Sparrow.
“All of you should be glad that I can still control myself. Otherwise, you
would’ve lost your minds because you looked at me directly.”
As he spoke, the transparent maggots on the left side of his face and neck
were still squirming slowly. Beneath the clothes on the left side of his body,
there were protruding marks that gently squirmed.
A monster! The members of the City of Silver who were not demigods were
increasingly certain of their own judgment.
“You are… you are The Wor—no, Mr. Sparrow?” Derrick Berg finally
managed to recognize Mr. World who he had met once.
Klein raised his left palm and covered his left cheek. He smiled and said,
“Life is always about encountering the unexpected.”
Without waiting for Little Sun to respond, he paused and said, “I have
already opened the door to the Giant King’s residence. This brought about
some accidents, causing the divine kingdom to change.”
The door to the Giant King’s residence has already been opened? The
grizzled and scarred Colin Iliad narrowed his eyes. He subconsciously
looked up at the magnificent buildings shrouded in golden sunlight.
However, due to the distance, he couldn’t see the situation at the apex.
However, to have the frozen sunset become replaced by the blazing sun at
noon had explained many things.
Klein’s gaze swept across the City of Silver’s Chief and Elder Lovia, who
was dressed in black armor, of the six-member council. He then looked at
The Sun and continued with a smile, “This has also brought me some
negative effects, just as you have already noticed.”
At this point, he clapped his hands and said in a commanding tone, like an
adult instructing children, “Alright, Beyonders below the level of demigod
are to fall back. The Giant King’s Court after the anomaly is not a place you
can enter.”
The members of the expedition team, apart from Colin, Derrick, and Lovia,
felt an inexplicable sense of fear as they cast their gazes at the Chief.
Colin Iliad remained silent for a few seconds before turning to them and
saying, “Leave the Giant King’s Court and wait at the periphery. If you see
the signal, immediately act according to plan.”
The handpicked expedition team members were not only strong themselves
and close in strength to a demigod, but they also had different powerful
Sealed Artifacts that complemented each other. Even if they were facing a
saint, they weren’t without hope when it came to defeating one. However,
in the City of Silver’s original plan, they weren’t the main force. Therefore,
Colin Iliad had led them here in the hope that, when he and the other
demigods shaved off the hidden enemies, these team members would be
able to shine. They could then use the different Sealed Artifacts to deal with
different incidents, preventing the entire team from suffering from any
weaknesses.
Now, with powerful help from the outside joining them, and the fact that the
Giant King’s Court had indeed experienced some sort of anomaly, no one
knew what they would encounter if they went deeper. With the utmost
caution, Colin Iliad believed that Gehrman Sparrow’s suggestion wasn’t a
problem. Furthermore, he had his own selfish thoughts—he didn’t want
members other than the demigods to suffer any unnecessary risks or
meaningless casualties. Therefore, he agreed to the opinion of the monster-
like powerhouse.
When the time came for an opportunity to show itself, he, Lovia, and
Derrick would be able to give a signal and let the team members rush over a
cleared path to provide reinforcements.
As for the entire team’s Beyonder powers not being able to deal with
different situations due it collectively becoming relatively monotonous,
Colin Iliad wasn’t too worried since the former Shepherd, Lovia, was
around.
The members of the expedition, who weren’t demigods, exchanged looks
and hesitated for a moment. In the end, they still chose to listen to Colin
Iliad.
“Yes, Your Excellency!”
At the same time that they answered, they gave Derrick Berg a deep look,
as though they were trying to remind their Chief to be careful of this
Sequence 4 demigod.
He actually knew a living, monster-like powerhouse!
This was very suspicious to the residents of the City of Silver, who had
barely seen any outsiders!
Sensing his companions’ obvious distrust, Derrick’s heart ached as his eyes
nearly welled up in tears.
But eventually, he didn’t make any excuses. He maintained his silence and
straightened his back.
After the other members of the expedition team retreated from the Giant
King’s Court, Klein smiled and pointed at the two demigods.
“Let me guess. You must be the Chief of the City of Silver, the former
Demon Hunter, the present Silver Knight, Colin Iliad. You are The Hanged
Man’s believer, Black Knight Lovia, who had helped ‘Him’ shepherd?”
Lovia’s gray eyes, which were hidden behind her visor, narrowed.
“You really look like a clown.”
The Hanged Man? Upon hearing Mr. World’s words, Derrick almost
doubted his ears.
He even imagined that Elder Lovia had something to do with Mr. Hanged
Man, but he quickly remembered the exact image of the Fallen Creator—a
naked man hanging upside down on a cross.
Mr. World used The Hanged Man to refer to the Fallen Creator. Elder Lovia
chided him for being impolite? Derrick, who had just exceeded two meters
in height, nodded thoughtfully as he praised Mr. World’s guts from the
bottom of his heart.
He actually dared to give a true deity a nickname, and even said it out loud
in front of “His” follower!
Colin Iliad looked at Gehrman Sparrow and then at Lovia. Unable to tell
who was right or wrong, he calmly said, “Let’s continue moving forward.”
He had already pulled out the two swords on his back and allowed them to
be blanketed with the dawn’s glow.
“No problem.” With a smile, Klein turned around and walked to the left of a
huge stone staircase with the three demigods of the City of Silver.
After walking for a while, they saw the familiar rugged pathway. On one
side of the road was a towering cliff, and on the other side was an afternoon
sun-soaked, bottomless cloud.
At this moment, Klein and company felt the vibrations of the ground. They
saw large amounts of illusory, pitch-black gases surging out from deep
within the golden cloud.
With a whoosh, the rugged pathway collapsed, falling into the dark “water
surface.”
Beneath the “water surface,” there seemed to be invisible maelstroms
lurking.
“Haha, it collapsed. There’s no way out. Haha.” Klein bent down laughing
loudly, making Colin’s, Derrick’s, and Lovia’s nerves tense up.
It took Klein a few seconds to regain control of his emotions. He
straightened his body and took out a piece of white paper from his pocket
with a smile plastered across his face. He folded it into a “plane.”
Phew. He blew at the head of the paper plane, swung his arm, and threw it
towards the clouds that had been devoured by darkness.
At the same time, the glove on his left hand was covered with slippery fish
scales.
Upon seeing this scene, the originally confused Colin Iliad nodded slightly
before casting his gaze at the flying paper object.
A violent wind stirred as it carried the paper plane forward in flight for a
few seconds.
Then, it suddenly dissipated, and like a stone, it rapidly plummeted into the
dark clouds, without causing any ripples.
“From the looks of it, flying is useless.” Klein turned halfway around and
smiled at Derrick and company.
Lovia didn’t respond as she released a translucent soul that enveloped a
piece of gravel.
In the blink of an eye, that piece of rock disappeared from its original spot,
“Blinking” to a spot above the dark clouds. Following that, it fell down
uncontrollably and sank into the clouds.
“‘Teleport’ doesn’t work either,” Lovia said in a slightly deep voice.
As Klein pressed at his abdomen, he bent down and chuckled before saying,
“It looks like we can only enter through the main entrance.”
Derrick immediately turned around and was about to head back when Colin
Iliad and Lovia looked at each other and nodded indiscernibly.
The four demigods quickly returned to the huge, grayish-white stone
staircase and looked up.
Above the flight of silent stairs which had very high steps, the majestic city
walls were covered with burn marks. There were even arrows shafts as
thick as ordinary trees.
In the middle of the city wall was a door that was tens of meters tall. It was
grayish-blue in color and there were golden nails embedded on its surface.
On both sides of the door stood a guard that stood at six meters tall in a
domineering manner. They wore exquisite silver full-body armor, one
holding a greatsword, the other a huge ax. Behind their visors was an
orange glow.
Silver Knight!
These were two Silver Knights guards!
Without wasting any time, Colin Iliad quickly retracted his gaze and said to
Gehrman Sparrow, “I’ll hold back one of the Silver Knights. Quickly finish
off the other one.”
He wasn’t very sure of Gehrman Sparrow’s strength, but from the
admiration and respect that he sensed from Derrick Berg, as well as the fact
that he had opened up the residence of the Giant King, he determined that
this demigod who was blessed by The Fool was no weaker than him.
Under such circumstances, whether it was Gehrman Sparrow or Colin Iliad,
it wasn’t difficult for them to quickly kill a Silver Knight guard with the
help of Lovia and Derrick. After all, they weren’t living demigods, but a
special statue without any intelligence.
Just as Colin Iliad finished his sentence, he saw Gehrman Sparrow bend his
back and laugh out loud.
“Why do you care so much about these two toys?
“If they were still alive and could think—real Silver Knights—I would
definitely be as cautious as you are. But now, haha. Watch.”
As he spoke, Klein used his left hand, which had many Worms of Spirit
crawling about, to press down on his top hat. He straightened his body and
briskly walked up the stairs.
Then, he was surrounded by strong winds as he approached the main door
of the Giant King’s Court.
During this process, he casually raised his right hand and shook it a few
times, as if he was stretching his wrist or grabbing the air.
At the end of the last action, Klein’s shoulder sank slightly as if it had
frozen, but nothing appeared in the void.
Colin Iliad originally wanted to have an understanding of Gehrman
Sparrow’s strength, so he didn’t stop him. He only signaled for Lovia to
follow, to back him up if he made any mistakes. However, at that moment,
he suddenly slowed down. He frowned slightly as if he had caught the scent
of something.
As for Derrick, he looked at him with slight admiration. He believed that
Mr. World could quickly finish off the guards.