Chapter 1136

Rumors from Ancient
Putting down the Classical Metallurgist potion formula, Klein cast his gaze
towards the two tubes of blood Little Sun had sacrificed.
Then, he beckoned for a ceramic jar wrapped in layers of paper figurines.
This was the Beyonder blood from different pathways that he had
previously gathered. It had been placed above the gray fog and sealed with
the Paper Angel in order to slowly integrate it into this mysterious space’s
aura, removing the connection between the blood and the individual. This
was to prevent any accidents from happening to the provider when the door
of the symbols was opened.
To him, it was fine if he suffered backlash. After all, there was at least one
more chance of him reviving. If it would affect those who trusted him and
gave their blood, he would rather not do it.
After peeling off the paper figurines at the mouth of the jar and pouring the
two tubes of blood into it, he conjured a glass stick and reached in to stir it.
Right on the heels of that, he used Paper Angel and sealed it again.
I’m just short of Prisoner, Devil, and Demoness… After I complete the
ritual, I’ll personally pay Miss Sharron a visit. It’s better to make a request
in person regarding such matters. It’s too rude to do it by writing letters…
Only Miss Magician is a little special. Clearly, she would prefer it if I wrote
a letter rather than meet Gehrman Sparrow in person. Heh, she actually
used the excuse that the ink had frozen due to the low temperatures to delay
her writing. Heh, are her magic tricks just for show? Thankfully, my potion
has already digested, so there’s no need for me to push her anymore…
Klein mumbled inwardly as he threw the ceramic jar covered in paper
figurine back into the junk pile.
After leaving the world above the gray fog, he didn’t immediately prepare
to advance to Scholar of Yore. Instead, he took out a pen and paper and
drew the symbol that was a mixture of concealment and mystery prying.
This was something he had planned to do before he consumed the potion—
to ask Arrodes about Sefirah Castle.
As the symbol took form, the light in the originally badly-lit room became
darker, as if clouds were drifting past, blocking out the sun.
After more than ten seconds, the full-body mirror with cracks suddenly
rippled with aqueous light and silver words quickly appeared:
“Exalted Great Master, your devoted, loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, is
here to answer your summoning.
“I-I am still the servant that you trust the most, the closest and most
favorite, right?”
This question… I seem to be able to read the panic and anxiety of this
magic mirror… Does it feel a sense of danger? After some thought, he
nodded in amusement.
“Yes.”
Actually, that has never been the case… I’m just comforting you… After
answering, he silently added in his heart.
The surface of the mirror lit up and the silver words were dyed golden.
They squirmed and formed a new sentence:
“Great Master, do you have any questions for me?”
“Yes.” Klein secretly tensed up. “What do you know about Sefirah Castle?”
Arrodes fell silent for a few seconds before the pale golden words changed:
“I don’t know much about this. I’ve only heard some rumors. In the early
days of the Second Epoch, the ancient gods believed that the original
Creator left some things behind. That might be a ‘kingdom’ formed from a
certain part of ‘His’ body or something created by ‘Him.’ And Sefirah
Castle is one of them.
“This was the name that the King of Demonic Wolves, Flegrea, gave. ‘He’
calls the Hounds of Fulgrim as Sefirah Castle Keepers. However, ‘He’
failed to enter Sefirah Castle even to ‘His’ death. Therefore, many powerful
creatures suspect that Sefirah Castle doesn’t actually exist, but is just an
abstract concept.”
It had something to do with the original Creator? After pondering for a
while, he said, “One of them… How many other entities like Sefirah Castle
are there?”
“Eight. There are detailed records on the second Blasphemy Slate.
Unfortunately, I haven’t seen it.” On the surface of the mirror, lines of
words appeared one after another. However, the pale gold color faded away,
becoming silver once again. “The ancient gods suspect that the source of
the underground corruption comes from a place similar to Sefirah Castle.
They call it the Chaos Sea. Also, there are rumors that deep in the spirit
world city, Calderón City, there are clues to the River of Eternal Darkness.
This comes from the ancient god, Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace. As for the
others, I’ve heard of some names, but it’s not a complete list. There’s
Tenebrous World, Knowledge Moor, as well as the Brood Hive that’s
related to the moon.”
There are a total of eight. Chaos Sea, River of Eternal Darkness,
Knowledge Moor, Tenebrous World, and Brood Hive… Brood Hive is
related to the moon; it sounds very dangerous… I wonder if it has anything
to do with the Mother Tree of Desire… Klein silently repeated the key
information in Arrodes’s response. He had a nagging feeling that he should
be able to grasp something, but he didn’t gain much from it. He even lacked
the ability to piece together the clues.
When he saw that Arrodes had only heard rumors and didn’t have any
actual understanding of them, he organized his thoughts and said with a
smile, “From the looks of it, you might come from the Chaos Sea.”
“That’s not important. What’s important is that I’m your loyal, lowly, and
obedient servant.” Arrodes said the entire sentence at once.
Obedient, this use of words… Klein silently lampooned before asking,
“What are the origins of Dark Angel Sasrir?”
On the surface of the mirror, silver words formed one after another:
“I similarly can’t see it, but at that time, there was a myth that said that,
when the ancient sun god was born, ‘He’ was light and darkness combined.
After all, ‘He’ calls himself the Creator, so ‘He’ must be well-rounded and
not lacking anything.
“Later, ‘He’ separated the darkness in his body and used it to create the first
angel with one of his ribs, Dark Angel Sasrir.”
This… rib… I can totally imagine it. Back then, it was the ancient sun god
who personally fabricated and spread this myth… Amon’s brother, your
wife has become the Dark Angel! Klein was first alarmed before many
strange ideas arose in his mind.
As his thoughts settled, he began to analyze the truth behind this myth.
With such a myth spreading, it will cause the believers to believe that Dark
Angel Sasrir is the dark side of the ancient sun god. They would worship
“Him” in the same way as the Lord. No one objected or forbade this myth.
As for Dark Angel, “He” was ultimately the deputy of the divine kingdom,
god’s left hand. So this implies that this was very likely true…
What happened afterward can be summarized as the dark side of the ancient
sun god colluding with foreign enemies, bewitching the Kings of Angels
and assassinating the main body?
This can explain why Ouroboros and Medici joined Rose Redemption.
“They” were only following the orders of the “Lord”…
From this angle, isn’t the position of Dark Angel Sasrir, in the ancient sun
god’s divine kingdom, equivalent to The World of the Tarot Club? Hmm…
Thankfully, The World is a fake person. He doesn’t have his own
spirituality and thoughts…
As he thought about it, he suddenly felt drenched with sweat. He was glad
that he was a Seer and not some other pathway.
Based on his previous reasoning, he quickly guessed the reason why Dark
Angel was sleeping in the Giant King’s Court.
Perhaps it has something to do with the fall of the ancient sun god…
Therefore, the brother of Amon, the Dragon of Wisdom, and the True
Creator wish to confirm the state of Dark Angel Sasrir…
However, there are many other problems… In the twenty-two Beyonder
pathways, which pathway is this King of Angels, the left hand of God?
The Marauder has Amon, Apprentice has Mr. Door, Spectator, Reader,
Bard, Sailor, Secrets Suppliant, Warrior, Sleepless, Planter, Savant,
Monster, Hunter, and Arbiter are obviously impossible… Corpse Collector
is also impossible due to the existence of Death in the Fourth Epoch. It’s
impossible for there to be a King of Angels to exist at the same time—
unless the Dark Angel had already fallen to Sequence 2… By the same
logic, the Seer and Lawyer pathways can be eliminated for now. It can then
be confirmed that the Dark Angel is no longer a King of Angels…
Mystery Pryer, Moon, and Devil are all certain possibilities. I cannot
eliminate the possibility that the Hidden Sage, Primordial Moon, and the
Dark Side of the Universe are the Dark Angel’s “alt”… Yes, there might
still be the Mother Tree of Desire hidden within…
It’s also possible with Prisoner. There’s no clear evidence that this pathway
has produced a true deity. Back then, the Chained God might not even be a
King of Angels.
After some thought, he said to Arrodes, “It’s your turn to ask.”
On the cracked full-body mirror’s surface, silver words twisted together and
formed a new sentence:
“Great Master, may I guess what you want to ask next?”
“…” Klein nodded slightly and answered, “Sure.”
“You wish to ask about Sasrir’s current state. My answer is, I don’t know,
as I can’t see.” Behind the silver words was a smiley face with a simple
drawing.
“Not bad,” Klein praised. “That’s all for today. I will summon you again in
the near future at any time.”
“Yes, Great Master. Your loyal servant, Arrodes, is constantly preparing to
serve you!” On the surface of the mirror, the simple smile on his face turned
into a waving cat’s paw.
When the mirror returned to normal, Klein took out a pen and paper and
wrote down what he had just learned.
This was one of the documents he had prepared for the Scholar of Yore
ritual.
In the past few days, he had written a lot of documents on ancient history.
Following that, with the information and two marionettes, he “Teleported”
to the Southern Continent.
He didn’t dare to advance in Backlund. If anything were to happen to him,
Amon and Zaratul would definitely be able to detect it and come straight for
him!