Chapter 1282

Crime
“Haha, how can someone tell at a glance if another person is a foreigner?
How do you distinguish that?” Roy forcefully composed himself and
pretended to be discussing the yellow paper’s contents with his
companions.
He used the hidden meaning in his words to console Phil and Pasha so that
they didn’t need to panic. After all, other than Biles, who was a native, the
remaining three were also citizens of Loen. They didn’t have any Southern
Continent blood in them. Nothing about their facial features stood out.
“But, but this is a supernatural incident…” Pasha stammered.
This couldn’t be judged by common sense!
Roy’s heart froze as he looked at the citizens who were slowly approaching
in a deadpan manner. He quickly shouted in a low voice:
“Run!”
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and ran towards the
nearest street entrance. Pasha and Phil followed closely behind.
As a local, Biles tacitly held the rear, covering the surface of his skin with
illusory fish scales.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
A few citizens raised their dual-barreled hunting guns and fired.
Roy, Phil, and Pasha were Beyonders who were relatively good at fighting.
While running, they would occasionally change directions or roll forward,
successfully dodging the attacks.
Following that, under Pasha’s guidance, they passed through the streets and
escaped their pursuers before hiding in an empty dark corner.
“What should we do?” Phil, who had lost a hand, panted as he asked, “From
the contents of the notice, we probably won’t be able to leave this city.”
“We need to figure out the rules and find a way around them.” Although
Roy was also very flustered, he still forced himself to calm down and think,
lest the morale of the entire squad crumbled.
Pasha looked at the wary Biles and asked, “Has such a notice ever appeared
in the past?”
Biles nodded.
“Yes, although I rarely had the chance to go to the municipal square, I’ve
been assembled there back when I was recruited into the army. I’ve seen
that noticeboard.”
“There shouldn’t be any problems with the noticeboard. Perhaps those two
pieces of paper are the key. The laws written on them contain mystic
intent,” Pasha said.
Roy immediately expressed his agreement.
“That’s right.
“Besides, I suspect that the laws have to be made public before they are put
into effect. If we can find an opportunity to rip off those two pieces of
paper, the corresponding restrictions might disappear.”
After hearing Roy’s words, Pasha, Phil, and Biles fell silent.
After a few seconds, Phil’s facial muscles twitched as he said, “Let’s give it
a try! If we continue to be trapped in the city, even if we aren’t caught by
those citizens, we might be punished for various reasons.”
Although they were all Beyonders, their Sequences weren’t high. It wasn’t
a problem dealing with a few ordinary people, but facing the enmity of an
entire city was extremely dangerous.
Roy, Biles, and Pasha were more or less people who had been on the
battlefield before. They knew that hesitation was the worst action to take in
such situations, so they agreed to Phil’s suggestion.
Under the guidance of the rather experienced Hunter, Pasha, the group of
four made a detour and returned to the municipal square from another
street.
At this moment, the residents who were surrounding the notice were no
longer there. It was as if they were searching the entire city for foreigners.
When they saw the noticeboard that stood silently in the middle of two gas
lamps, Roy and company carefully approached it, ready to escape at any
moment.
After approaching the target, Roy suddenly thought of a question. He
hurriedly lowered his voice and asked, “Is destroying the notice considered
an illegal act?”
“In theory, yes…” Pasha was taken aback.
They then cast their gaze at the noticeboard and scanned through the list of
crimes stipulated by the third law.
“…
“8. Destroying public property.
“…”
“It really exists.” Biles blurted out.
Phil, whose face had turned pale due to the blood loss, turned paler. After
some thought, he said, “What kind of punishment does destroying public
property entail?”
This wasn’t a very serious crime, and the corresponding punishment should
be relative lenient.
If that was the case, Phil decided to take the risk to tear the notice and end
this horrifying, bizarre event.
“First-timers get whipped.” Just as Roy, Pasha, and Biles were pondering
over the answer, a voice sounded from behind them.
The four turned around in shock and saw a young man in a black robe and a
tall hat. He looked ordinary.
The man continued, “A repeated offense is to have one’s hand lopped off.
“I’m not sure what happens after that.”
“How do you know that?” Fully alert, Roy frowned as he gripped his
concealed dagger.
The young man smiled and said, “I’ve tried. It’s useless. The notice gets
restored very quickly.”
“So, you’ve been whipped?” Pasha asked in enlightenment.
“Yes.” The young man nodded with a relaxed expression. “However,
because I also committed fraud, I was later punished with having my hand
lopped off.”
“Fraud?” Biles asked, puzzled.
The young man chuckled and replied, “To put it simply, I didn’t personally
destroy the notice. Instead, I created a dummy to do it. The one who was
whipped was also the dummy.”
As he spoke, he raised his right arm.
Like Phil, his wrist was cut neatly. His stump was ghastly-white and red, as
though he was still bleeding.
Suddenly, the stump’s flesh squirmed and twisted, as transparent worms
crawled out. They intertwined with each other and formed a new hand.
During this process, Roy and the others didn’t feel the slightest bit of fear.
This was because the moment they saw those worms which had details they
couldn’t discern, their thoughts were thrown in a mess. Random thoughts
ran through their minds as they found it difficult to control their emotions.
After the palm was “covered” with skin and became normal, the Beyonders
recovered. They retreated a few steps in shock, surprise, and fear.
The scene just now had exceeded their understanding!
“By the way, I forgot to introduce myself. I’m a wandering magician.” The
person who had committed a fraud and a case of destruction of public
property was none other than Klein.
He swept a glance at the four Beyonders and said with a smile, “My best
magic trick is to grant someone’s wishes. Do you have a wish you would
like granted?”
Upon hearing this question, Roy’s spirits rose as he asked with hope, “Can
you take us away from Belltaine?”
“Of course, I’ll do my best to do this, but not now.” Klein gave his promise.
Then, he looked at the handless Phil.
“He just said his wish. What’s yours?”
“…Let my hand recover,” Phil probed.
“Alright.” Klein cast his gaze at Biles. “Take out his hand.”
After hesitating for a moment, Biles took out the wooden box as per the
mysterious man’s instructions and returned the hand inside to Phil.
“Come here,” Klein said with a smile.
Phil mustered his courage and walked over with his severed hand.
“Remove the bandages,” Klein continued to instruct. “Place the severed
arm in its original spot. Let me remind you, don’t have it reversed.
Otherwise, you’ll have to chop it off again and repeat the process.”
Seeing how confident the other party was, Phil felt a little more confident.
He quickly pulled off the bandage that had been stuck to his wound with a
twisted expression as he hissed.
After placing his severed hand at the stump, Klein took out a piece of white
paper and approached.
Then, he reached out to wipe the wound.
Silently, the piece of paper split into two while Phil felt the pain disappear.
He quickly looked down and saw that his left wrist was perfectly intact. He
couldn’t even tell that he had been hurt before.
Phil subconsciously moved his fingers and realized that he didn’t lose any
of his motor skills at all.
“Your wish has been granted.” Klein took two steps back and smiled.
“Thank you…” Phil replied in a daze.
Klein looked at the other two Beyonders.
“What’s your wish?”
Upon seeing that Phil’s wish had really been fulfilled, Biles immediately
stepped forward and said, “I want to know where my family is.”
Klein flicked his left arm and took out a silver mirror with ancient patterns.
He lowered his head and said with a smile, “What is the answer to that
question?”
The surface of the mirror shimmered with aqueous light as silver words
appeared one after another.
“Belltaine Glorin Cemetery…”
Upon seeing this, Biles, who had his neck craned, felt his heart sink as he
couldn’t help but feel a strong sense of sorrow and disappointment.
In the next second, new silver words appeared from the aqueous light.
“…’s grave keeper’s hut.”
…This means that… Biles felt his sorrow turn to happiness as he sincerely
said, “Thank you.”
As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly thought of two questions.
How many people could live in the graveyard? How many grave keepers
could there be?
His family members definitely numbered more than two or three!
Biles’s expression turned oscillated between gloom and joy before he fell
silent.
As a result, he didn’t see the question posed by the silver mirror.
“Great Master, did I answer kindly enough?”
“Yes.” Klein nodded indiscernibly as he cast his gaze at the remaining lady.
Pasha thought for two seconds and said, “My wish is for you to protect us
until we leave Belltaine alive.”
She realized that Roy’s wish was problematic because they might not
necessarily leave Belltaine alive.
“Smart.” Klein praised with a smile. “Your wish will be granted.”
“Then what price do we have to pay? I’m referring to the payment for
watching your magic.” Pasha hurriedly asked.
“Your wishes are the price,” Klein replied briefly before asking
thoughtfully, “If you know certain things are fake, but if you are willing to
subjectively use them, it shouldn’t be considered fraud, right?”
When Roy and company heard this, they were puzzled. After pondering for
a moment, they shook their heads and said, “Definitely not.”
“This is actually a game between two parties.”
“A voluntary action that has a clear understanding of the actions is
definitely not a scam.”
“There’s no doubt about it.”
After hearing their answers, Klein smiled.
“Very good. This is what the average person will think.”
As he spoke, he grabbed a few times with his right hand, dragging out a
woman in a simple robe with black long hair.
It was the Historical Void projection of the Evernight cloister’s matron,
Arianna.
Klein looked around and saw nothing unusual. He smiled at the projection
and said, “Madam, what exactly happened?”
Arianna’s eyes darted about slightly, turning deep and quiet instantly. It
made one feel a sense of serenity from the bottom of their hearts.
“She” calmly spoke:
“The chief shepherd of the Church of the God of Combat, Larrion, escaped.
I’m tracking ‘Him.'”
Arianna paused and said, “After I came to Belltaine, I received new
information.
“According to our intelligence, Larrion took away a Sealed Artifact when
‘He’ escaped.
“0-02.”