Chapter 1027

: Decei
After Qonas Kilgor realized which Beyonder pathway his enemy belonged
to, all the Gehrman Sparrows in the garden, vineyard, and main building,
raised their left hand. They curled their middle finger, ring finger, and
pinky, extending their index finger and thumb, making them take on the
simple shape of a gun.
The index fingers that represented barrels and muzzles aimed at Qonas
Kilgor in the air before their respective arms jerked up seemingly due to the
recoil.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Amidst deafening noises, illusory doves appeared to the side of the Earl of
The Fallen who was dressed in a white shirt and black trousers. They flew
at him from every direction in a spectacular sight of utmost beauty.
This was the random anomaly that came about from the iron-skinned pocket
watch and Concerto of Light and Shadow. It made the Air Cannons which
could blast through houses turn into doves of peace that didn’t pose any
threat!
Having used “Disorder” to disrupt the enemy’s collective volley, Qonas
Kilgor wasn’t surprised to see the doves fly up and disperse into the air.
He was already mentally prepared.
He had already endured the negative effects that the Sealed Artifact had
brought for years!
Taking advantage of this opportunity, he didn’t hesitate to raise his hands
which held the iron-skinned pocket watch and revolver, doing so in a bid to
make them collide.
This was “Distortion,” one that targeted all the Gehrman Sparrows beneath
him.
To Qonas Kilgor, what frustrated him the most when fighting a Bizarro
Sorcerer was that he was unable to tell if the enemy he faced was a
marionette or the actual person unless the marionette was of a very crude
level.
As such, he had many Beyonder powers he didn’t dare use because they
were ineffective against marionettes.
A large-scale “Prohibition” effect was still alright, but a single-target
“Deprivation” was meaningless in actual combat. No matter how many
Beyonder powers of a marionette were deprived, it didn’t affect the actual
body. When that happened, his opponent just needed to switch marionettes
to resolve the problem.
Due to similar reasons, using “Magnify” on the mystical items on the
marionettes was temporarily written off by Qonas Kilgor for strategic
purposes.
Similarly, an Earl of The Fallen’s “Bestowment” was of no use. It was even
inferior to “Deprivation,” as it could cause a Bizarro Sorcerer’s marionette
to lose its corresponding Beyonder powers. However, the negative effects
“Bestowed” to a marionette was unable to interfere with it at all. Be it
turning them sluggish, losing the will to fight, making them turn anxious, or
only focus on money, it was meaningless to a marionette who was, in
essence, dead, without any ability to think or inclinations to take action.
Therefore, Qonas Kilgor decided to first resolve the problem of identifying
marionettes and the actual body.
In this aspect, others might not have a solution, but a High-Sequence
Beyonder of the Lawyer pathway definitely didn’t have such worries.
There were rules to everything, and everything followed certain rules. As a
Lawyer demigod, they were good at finding whatever loopholes there were
to exploit them for themselves.
Together with his combat experience fighting other Bizarro Sorcerers, and
how he had seriously considered solutions for dealing with them during the
aftermath, Qonas Kilgor was quite certain that “Distortion” could suppress
his enemy.
He knew that Bizarro Sorcerers could seamlessly switch between their
actual body and marionettes. He planned on “Distorting” this, making the
Bizarro Sorcerer only be able to switch to two to three marionettes!
This way, the difficulty of identifying the actual body and the marionette
would be minimized.
Of course, if it wasn’t for the fact that Distortion couldn’t exceed certain
limits, and area-oriented “Prohibition” effects had reached its limit, Qonas
Kilgor definitely would’ve used a simpler method to deal with his
opponent, such as forcing the Bizarro Sorcerer to only be able to swap with
one marionette, or he would “Prohibit” swapping with marionettes.
Pa!
Qonas Kilgor smashed the Rever’s Shout of Despair and Concerto of Light
and Shadow together as though he was compressing a large area to a small
area.
Earl of The Fallen—Distortion!
Silently, he produced a red glow with a deep shadow in his hand. It
appeared as though he was offering it to the Gehrman Sparrows in the
garden, vineyard, and main building. As for the thick and thin, normal, or
terrifying crazy adventurers, none of them experienced any abnormalities.
Qonas Kilgor also suffered a random anomaly, one brought about by
Concerto of Light and Shadow!
It had changed the Distortion effects to summoning a flower from the
garden below.
And at that moment, the Air Cannons that had turned into illusory doves
continued!
At that moment, the battle between two demigods turned ludicrous,
comical, and funny.
Of course, be it Gehrman Sparrow or Qonas Kilgor, none of them thought
that was the case—especially the latter. He once again felt a familiar sense
of helplessness.
He didn’t hesitate as he slammed his palms together again, completing the
“Distortion.” He wanted to rely on quantity to resist the random anomaly
effect.
However, Gehrman Sparrow wasn’t a dead person who would abide by the
etiquette of turn-based combat. The large swath of crazy adventurers either
raised their hands in firing stances or used a Death Knell with questionable
authenticity, aiming at the Earl of The Fallen in midair.
Meanwhile, Qonas Kilgor’s heart stirred. He turned his head slightly to look
up and saw that a figure had appeared once again inside the gigantic
crimson moon that hung above the black steeple.
The figure was wearing a silk top hat, a black trench coat, a human-skinned
glove, and an iron-black revolver. He had a cold expression and a deep
outline. He was another Gehrman Sparrow!
The crimson moon seemed to weigh down on his shoulders as he glided
down, his body expanding and turning clearer in the process. As for the
iron-black long-barreled revolver in his hand, he had already lifted it and
aimed it at Qonas Kilgor.
Bang! Bang!
A bullet that had transparent and translucent sections to it shot out from the
muzzle, heading straight for Qonas Kilgor.
This was a Deprivation Bullet, one which was created using a Worm of
Time that Amon’s avatar had left behind!
It was different from an Arbiter pathway’s “Deprivation.” In essence, it was
theft. It could steal the last three Beyonder powers the target had used and
become empowered with the ability to use them.
However, as long as the Arbiter pathway’s “Deprivation” selected a target,
then they could directly deprive them of their ability. Although this bullet’s
“Deprivation” effect didn’t require contact in order to be effective, the
target needed to be within a certain range and unable to leave the area. In
short, one was unavoidable and could only be resisted or weakened through
one’s level or Sequence’s characteristics, while the other could effectively
be dodged if the shot was detected ahead of time.
Klein had given up on a sneak attack and had stalled for time because, on
the one hand, he wanted Qonas Kilgor to use up all his “Prohibition” and
“Deprivation” powers on Beyonder powers that appeared important to him.
On the other hand, he was also waiting for the first random anomaly to
happen. Then, he would seize the gap in between the two anomalies to steal
Qonas Kilgor’s three most powerful powers with the Deprivation Bullet.
For these two goals, he even handed Death Knell and Creeping Hunger to
Winner Enuni and made him appear like the real Gehrman Sparrow instead
of a marionette.
From the current developments, Qonas Kilgor was about to lose
“Distortion,””Disorder,” and “Magnify.”
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
The Gehrman Sparrows underneath collectively fired shots.
Suddenly, the Air Cannons and the Deprivation Bullet exploded, turning
into red, purple, yellow, or green fireworks. However, they were unable to
illuminate the deep dark sky.
Concerto of Light and Shadow had once again created a random anomaly!
It had produced its effects several times in a row without any pauses or
delays.
Qonas Kilgor immediately smiled and slammed his hands together again.
All of a sudden, the young men wearing silk top hats and black trench coats
under the gigantic crimson moon’s illumination turned gloomy. Only two
maintained their previous states.
The Earl of The Fallen’s “Distortion” had taken effect!
This meant that Gehrman Sparrow could only switch places with those two
normal marionettes!
Right on the heels of that, Qonas Kilgor didn’t hesitate at all. He swung his
arm and threw out the flower that was held together with the pocket watch
out.
The flower sped up and seemed to gain weight of unknown origins. Like an
arrow, it shot towards one of the normal marionettes.
This attack had been “Magnified” and also came with the effects of Bribe—
Weaken!
Boom!
The flower was like a cannon that crashed heavily into the ground, causing
a violent quake.
The surging waves it stirred up threw up the ordinary and unordinary
humans in the vicinity, tearing or severely injuring them. The two
marionettes which Gehrman Sparrow could swap with had been reduced to
pieces of meat.
Qonas Kilgor maintained his calm. As he “Distorted” his trajectory in
midair and circled the area while in flight, he raised Rever’s Shout of
Despair and aimed it at the Gehrman Sparrow that had descended from the
crimson moon.
At the same time, he silently prepared a “Bestowment.”
He wanted to give his target the negative state of “lacking the will to fight”!
But at that moment, Qonas Kilgor’s mind suddenly turned adrift as his
thoughts turned sluggish.
This… Turning into a marionette… Qonas Kilgor’s mental state stiffened as
he understood his current situation.
He then saw that Gehrman Sparrow, who had descended from the crimson
moon, wasn’t as far away from him as before. The distance between them
was only about a hundred meters.
He had unknowingly entered the range where Spirit Body Threads could be
controlled. He had stayed there for at least three seconds without realizing
it!
Deceit!
A Deceit Bullet made from Amon’s avatar!
When Klein, who was actually Winner Enuni, had pulled the trigger, he
hadn’t only fired a Deprivation Bullet, but had actually fired twice!
This was to prevent any random anomalies from happening.
With an anomaly having happened once, even if another anomaly were to
happen, only one of the two bullets that had been fired in intervals that were
slightly spaced apart would be affected. After all, it was an intermittent
random anomaly. It was possible to have it happen two to three times
consecutively, but four or five consecutive occurrences were rare.
Therefore, by attacking numerous times, there would be at least one or
more instances that wouldn’t suffer an anomaly!
Just now, the firing of the second Deceit Bullet had been concealed by the
collective volley from the marionettes.
This was also why Klein made Winner Enuni use Death Knell—it was to
rely on his luck!
Finally, he successfully deceived Qonas Kilgor and allowed Winner Enuni
to secretly enter a safe distance of 150 meters from him and begin
controlling his Spirit Body Threads and obtained initial control.
The moment this began, it meant that the Beyonder power was taking
effect. Since there weren’t any anomalies, it meant that there wouldn’t be
anymore!