Chapter 888

: A Shocking Glance
For a second, Klein’s act of casually sweeping his gaze paused on that
familiar person’s figure.
He immediately sensed the abnormality in his reaction since a demigod’s
spiritual perception wouldn’t fail to notice it.
His back muscles tensed up as his mind raced, producing figurative sparks.
He didn’t immediately move his gaze away as he continued looking at the
demigod suspected to be from the Black Emperor pathway. He smiled at
Macht and said, “This place really isn’t just for veteran officers.”
This sounded like a result of careful observation, but it was nothing but
meaningless chatter.
Macht chuckled.
“Any club will exceed its original restrictions when it further develops
itself.”
His answer didn’t seem to offer anything, but on careful consideration, it
did seem to imply something or perhaps something that was the complete
opposite.
At this moment, the broad-shouldered and long-armed gentleman in a black
suit had also naturally turned his head. He looked at the two men, and he
noticed that the tycoon who had donated 15,000 pounds was looking at him
and his companions while engaging Member of Parliament Macht with a
whisper.
This made him feel that his look of surprise was more of a natural reaction
towards learning of his occupation.
Then, he retracted his gaze and continued his topic of conversation.
And at this moment, Klein’s back was covered in a layer of cold sweat, and
his legs were going limp.
Although he had, in a way, faced the demigod before and had even fought
with him, to have such a close encounter in such a small place, with danger
happening in a split second, this was a first. And more importantly, he was
far from prepared to face a demigod. Not only did he lack a marionette, all
he had on him was Death Knell, Azik’s copper whistle, and the adventurer’s
harmonica.
The Sea God Scepter was impossible to bring on his person. Furthermore,
the usage of it had strict environmental limitations; otherwise, it would
result in massive damage. If he kept Groselle’s Travels on him for too long,
he might be pulled into the book world. When that happens, it would
become troublesome trying to exit it. Creeping Hunger was still lacking a
seal, so it needed to feed every day. Unless necessary, it was impossible to
take it out ahead of time. The Fate Siphon charm was made from a Worm of
Time, so it was an unknown if it would attract Amon. Unless he could use it
very quickly, Klein obviously lacked the courage to bring it on him.
If the demigod who was suspected to be from the Black Emperor pathway
had discovered something wrong with him, there was only one optimal
solution he could think of.
It was to blow the harmonica and summon Miss Messenger to get her to
help him escape Backlund via the spirit world!
He had never thought of letting Reinette Tinekerr engage in a direct battle
while he held Death Knell from the side to find an opportunity to fire. This
was Backlund, the home ground of the official Beyonders. With Miss
Messenger’s unique appearance, that man could easily pin a crime on her,
and what awaited Klein would be a joint attack on him. There was bound to
be increasing numbers of demigods and powerful Sealed Artifacts.
How harrowing… Klein moved his gaze away in a manner that adhered to
logic. Using the Clown’s ability to control his legs, he walked to the door in
a completely normal manner.
He didn’t ask Macht who those people were, to appear uninterested as a
way to prove that it was all just a casual glance.
However, that person turning to look at him had exposed his appearance to
Klein.
He had thick but unmessy black brows with a short and hard crew-cut of the
same color. He had dark blue eyes and a high nose-bridge with a bushy
mustache spreading out from his mouth. He had a long face with
accentuated outlines as well as callous curves.
He had strong masculine vibes and was probably in his thirties or forties. It
was difficult to determine.
Just on his appearance alone, Klein felt that he looked more like an Arbiter
pathway’s demigod rather than one of the Black Emperor pathway.
Of course, this demigod’s bearing was closer to that of a Warrior’s, but he
was too short.
Having had a clear look at him, Klein didn’t need to inquire further. He
could directly get Arrodes to answer him. Even if he was still wary of the
magic mirror, he could always commission Miss Xio, Miss Sharron, and
company to do a simple background check.
He believed that no matter how well-hidden this demigod was, it was
unlikely for him to have a low-ranking position. It would be easy to figure
out who he was.
One step. Two steps. Three steps. Klein left the East Balam Military
Veterans Mess in a normal manner.
When he boarded the carriage, he leaned on the wall, closed his eyes, and
kept silent for a few seconds. Inwardly, he let out a long sigh.
The disconnected trail of clues leading to the truth of the Great Smog of
Backlund has finally been connected again…
He didn’t open his eyes or say a word, as though he was recounting the
business problems he had previously discussed. But in fact, it was to quell
his emotions that had been left in an upheaval.
During this process, Klein realized that Richardson had tried to speak a few
times, only to shut his mouth again, doing so as though he was stumped.
Ultimately, he didn’t say a word, focused on preparing marquis black tea for
his employer.
Due to his previous encounter, Klein momentarily didn’t have the capacity
to be bothered about him and had pretended to not notice it.
Amidst the silent atmosphere and grinding wheels, they returned to 160
Böklund Street.
When he reached the third floor, Klein was just about to head for the
bathtub that had been prepared by the lady’s maid when Richardson, who
was holding his hat and cane, took two steps forward and respectfully said,
“Sir, are you heading to the Southern Continent soon?”
“Yes,” Klein replied frankly. He had even prepared 500 pounds in cash to
hand to Housekeeper Taneja for daily expenses needed for the Dwayne
Dantès residence during his time in the Southern Continent.
Meanwhile, he had a deeper understanding of the importance of having a
butler and valet in high society.
There were many things that a master couldn’t keep from them; therefore,
any conflict in faith and political inclinations necessitated a change.
Richardson hesitated and said, “Sir, I was born in the Southern Continent
and am fluent in Dutanese. I’m also very familiar with the various local
traditions. I should be of help to you.”
Dutanese was a common language of the ancient Balam Empire. In present-
day East and West Balam, the citizens still used this language. Only people
of the middle- and upper-class knew foreign languages like ancient Feysac,
Loenese, and Intis.
Klein felt lucky with regards to this because ancient Balam was once a
unified empire with a true god existing in it. Therefore, although the
different states had different accents, they all used Dutanese. The written
language was likewise the same. This saved him plenty of trouble.
If I were to encounter dozens or more than a hundred dialects and
languages, that would be a headache… However, Dutanese and ancient
Feysac doesn’t belong to the same system. I’m unable to easily grasp the
various branches by learning the latter. Finding an interpreter is necessary.
Oh, Anderson seems to be fluent in Dutanese. He never seemed to mention
having any problems with communication in West Balam… Klein finished
listening to Richardson when he suddenly realized what was stumping him.
As a valet, he needed to follow whenever his employer headed out. There
was no need for a butler to do so.
This also meant that a valet was like a secretary for the master’s daily life.
In certain cases, they would also play a role as a business secretary.
Clearly, Richardson enjoyed his life in Backlund and everything it had to
offer. He didn’t wish to return to the Southern Continent to see scenery or
matters that would make him recall his past; therefore, when he got into the
carriage, he had tried to mention his traits but was unable to voice it out. He
wished that Dwayne Dantès could find a better candidate.
Klein thought for a moment before saying, “I can tell that you don’t like the
Southern Continent. Why are you telling me this?”
Richardson slowly bowed his head and looked at his toes.
“You gave me a chance to gain experience to mature. I-I believe I can help
you.”
Very simple feelings of gratitude… If you hadn’t said so, no one would
know that you knew Dutanese. After all, you were born and raised in an
East Balam colony manor… Klein carefully sized up Richardson, chuckled
inwardly, and made some silent poignant comments.
However, he didn’t plan on letting this valet of his follow him to the
Southern Continent. Firstly, it would make it inconvenient for him to carry
out certain operations. Secondly, if he was recognized by some Nation
Reestablishment Society member of the Numinous Episcopate, it might end
up affecting the rest of his life.
Klein laughed and replied, “I have plenty of friends there. They’re all fluent
in Dutanese and are aware of the traditions there.
“Hmm, you have more important things to do. Stay in Backlund. Help me
deliver some gifts to my friends at fixed periods of time. I’ll be giving you a
name list when the time comes. Also, read more papers and take note of
investment opportunities and also perform on-the-ground checks. Finally,
give me a corresponding report. I will get Ma’am Taneja to specially
prepare some funds for this.”
Richardson was somewhat surprised before saying in pleasant surprise,
“Yes, sir. I-I will work hard!”
At that instant, he felt that he was being put in an important position as his
eyes blurred up.
From the moment he was born, this was the first time he felt hope for his
future. It was something to look forward to.
After dismissing Richardson, Klein took a comfortable bath to soothe his
tense nerves. Then, he wore his pajamas and returned to the bedroom.
Taking a pen and paper, he drew a symbol that was a mixture of
concealment and mystery prying.
The full-body mirror’s surface ripples with aqueous light as silver light
formed Loenese text:
“Exalted Great Master, your puny, loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, is
here to answer your summoning!
“Are you about to leave Backlund again?”
Klein nodded and said, “Yes.”
Without waiting for Arrodes to mention that he could question it, he asked,
“Can I still contact you in the Southern Continent?”
“Of course! As long as you take out that magical radio transceiver.” On the
surface of the mirror, silver words quickly formed. “However, you cannot
leave it out in the real world for too long or use it too frequently. There are
plenty of beneficiaries of the Mother Tree of Desire. ‘She’ can use it to
detect you.”
Klein nodded gently and asked, “What do you know about the Mother Tree
of Desire?”
Arrodes suddenly fell into silence. It was only after a very long time that its
silver luster formed a complete sentence:
“I don’t dare to mention it, nor do I dare to show it.”