Chapter 570

: Not Admitting or Denying
Eh, why is she looking at Mr. Fool… Audrey sharply noticed The Hermit’s
subtle motion. This left her somewhat suspicious.
From her point of view, this was an atypical response. Mr. Hanged Man was
clearly mentioning something that had little to do with everyone. He was
talking about the so-called Sea God Kalvetua’s ability to occasionally reply
to its believers despite its apparent death, so why would Ma’am Hermit
look towards Mr. Fool?
Kalvetua’s death… Occasionally replying to its believers… Ma’am Hermit
is looking at Mr. Fool… Could it be… Audrey’s eyes lit up as she came to a
conclusion.
Could it be that Mr. Fool is the one replying to Kalvetua’s believers?
Ma’am Hermit knows about this, so?
As thoughts whizzed through her mind, Audrey had turned her body
halfway to look expectantly at Mr. Fool, who was seated leisurely at the end
of the long bronze table.
Meanwhile, Alger was also surprised and alarmed about The Hermit’s
unexpected reaction.
I was only trying to sound her out about what connection she has with the
Moses Ascetic Order member, Leticia. Why would she suddenly turn to
look at Mr. Fool?
Could it be that she knows that the current “Sea God” is a manifestation of
Mr. Fool?
Her reaction implies this is highly likely!
Before she was recruited into the Tarot Club, did she have a lot of secret
exchanges with Mr. Fool, and was already secretly working for him?
The more Alger thought, the more he paid attention to The Hermit. Then, he
subconsciously joined her in looking towards Mr. Fool, who was shrouded
in the grayish-white fog.
He, The Hermit, and Justice turned around at different times, but their
nearly unanimous actions made The Magician Fors and company notice
something amiss.
Why are they looking at Mr. Fool? Does Sea God Kalvetua’s death have to
do with Mr. Fool? Believing they were smart, Fors and Emlyn began
guessing at the reason as they cast their gaze to the end of the long bronze
table.
Derrick didn’t know who Sea God Kalvetua was, nor did he understand
what it meant for it to respond to its believers even after its death. However,
since everyone was looking at Mr. Fool, he naturally looked over as well.
The World was late by a second, as though he was deliberating over
something.
He first scanned The Hanged Man, making him shudder in fear. Then, he
changed the direction of his gaze.
At this point, Klein had already come to realize which detail Ma’am Hermit
had used to guess that he was the one replying to Sea God Kalvetua’s
believers in its stead. He was still stumped over what stance to use.
Should I pretend that it’s a trivial matter and that I didn’t take it to heart, but
since you mentioned it, I’ll just admit it in passing? Or should I take the
stance that since I’m a god, there’s no need for me to explain myself to you,
so there’s no need for me to admit or deny anything… Klein recalled The
Fool’s persona and quickly made a decision.
The choice was to neither admit or deny anything, so as to prevent him
from losing his standing as a god. However, he would add a single sentence
on a particular point, making those who had failed to guess it become more
puzzled, while the suspicious ones would be enlightened but would still be
left shrouded in confusion as they realized, deep down, how unfathomable
Mr. Fool was.
With this in mind, Klein, who had leaned back, chuckled. He said leisurely
and indifferently, “Kalvetua became a demigod by relying on a relic left
behind by Calamity Cohinem.”
So they’re consulting Mr. Fool about the situation with the “Sea God”…
But that doesn’t convince me. It feels like there’s a deeper truth hidden
behind this matter… Could it be… No way, right? Fors frowned as she
began coming up with all sorts of thoughts.
As expected! Cattleya believed Mr. Fool was giving a straightforward
answer while also informing them of some secrets.
That demigod scepter is Kalvetua’s characteristic or Calamity Cohinem’s
relic, or is it something that covers both definitions? Who is Calamity
Cohinem? The name sounds elvish. Yes, The Hanged Man mentioned that
Leticia found an ancient elven ruin… It’s the residence of a high elf?
How did Mr. Fool get that scepter? Did he rely on The Hanged Man or
someone else? No, it doesn’t seem like The Hanged Man; otherwise, he
wouldn’t have proactively mentioned this matter… What motive does Mr.
Fool have behind responding to the Sea God’s believers? Is this required for
“His” awakening, something that can truly affect reality?
The more Cattleya thought, the more she found Mr. Fool unfathomable. It
was just like how “His” body was being concealed by the thick gray fog.
The clearer she could see him, the more puzzled, horrified, and
apprehensive she became.
This might be a tussle between gods… Cattleya sighed inwardly as the
emotions got the better of her.
I guessed right! Alger finally verified that the present “Sea God” was a
manifestation of The Fool. His worries and indecision from before were
instantly rewarded.
On certain occasions, as a fake Sea God believer, I can openly pray… I
wonder how much Mr. Fool has recovered. How much of his power can he
release from the seal? It’s at least at the demigod level. He will be able to
provide tremendous protection at sea…
The Hermit’s unsurprised reaction implies that she had long interacted with
Mr. Fool and had learned of certain things ahead of time. This implies that
her Sequence isn’t low. She might really be a powerhouse at the pirate
admiral level… This is both good and bad news for me.
The good news is that I have an additional powerful faction at sea
supporting me. At times, we can tacitly cooperate and complete matters that
were previously deemed unimaginable. The bad news is that a lot of my
news and resource channels will be overshadowed by hers. My purpose in
the Tarot Club will drastically decline. Of course, that’s under the premise
that she really is Admiral of Stars.
Yes, I have to adjust my focus from gathering news and resources and align
it towards the Church. This is something she can’t supplant me, Alger
thought with joy and wariness.
That Sea God is really Mr. Fool! No, no, no, it should be said that the
present Sea God is Mr. Fool’s manifestation! “He” has truly begun
interfering with the real world? This is great! In the future, I can pray to Sea
God directly and receive a response when I’m out traveling at sea? Audrey
felt surprised, overjoyed, and proud.
According to what she knew, the Churches didn’t do fixed ritualistic magic
internally. The ones who received responses by solely praying to the deities
were mainly priests or a chance occurrence; otherwise, they were Blessed
who just numbered at a handful.
As for receiving a response from every prayer, they would be an extreme
exception, even among Blessed.
But I can! Mr. Fool is returning to his throne, one step at a time. Replacing
Sea God is one of those steps… Audrey didn’t hide the changes in her
emotions as she smiled, sitting straight and elegantly.
Cohinem? That’s an elf’s name. I think I’ve heard someone mention it
before… Emlyn attempted to recall, but it was in vain.
As for Kalvetua’s death and how the “Sea God” still replied to its believers,
as well as the reason why The Hermit, Justice, The Hanged Man had looked
towards Mr. Fool, he had made a slight guess without thinking too deeply
about the matter.
What has this got to do with me? It doesn’t affect my saving of the
Sanguine, nor is it anything of interest! Anyway, I can just pray to Mr. Fool
if there are any problems! Emlyn mumbled to himself, showing disdain
towards the emotional changes the others had.
Calamity? Queen of Calamity? But there are no records that say that her
name is Cohinem… Derrick turned his head to the left very slightly, a
common tick he did when he recalled things.
From the looks of it, Little Sun isn’t sure if Cohinem is the Queen of
Calamity; otherwise, he wouldn’t have such a reaction… Klein retracted his
gaze in disappointment.
He controlled The World to cough, pulling everyone back from their
thoughts.
Following that, The World conjured a picture with The Fool’s help. He
showed it to both sides of the table and asked, “Does anyone know her?”
It was a picture of the red-haired Helene. Klein mainly wanted to know if
Admiral of Stars Cattleya or The Hanged Man Alger knew her. After all,
they were well-informed people out at sea.
Alger glanced at it and just as he was about to say that he didn’t know her,
he heard Ma’am Hermit say with a deep voice, “Red-haired Helene. She’s
from a fallen noble family and has the bloodline from the Intis’s Sauron
family.”
Cattleya paused before adding, “She was once a trader out at sea, but she
was later said to have been abducted by Ailment Maiden Tracy.”
Abducted by Ailment Maiden Tracy? I thought it would be some contrived
story about a domineering pirate and a noble lady… However, Tracy can be
considered a domineering pirate. Heh heh… Klein instantly made some
connections.
Fors was still lost in her thoughts over the connection between Sea God and
The Fool when she suddenly snapped to her senses. She acutely noticed that
great opportunities lay in red-haired Helene and Vice Admiral Ailment’s
story as she began to daydream.
To her regret, Ma’am Hermit had only said a few sentences without
continuing.
The Hermit knows Vice Admiral Ailment… However, that doesn’t imply
anything. Beyonders of a certain Sequence or knowledgeable people will
know who the seven pirate admirals are. Their bounty posters are
everywhere… Hmm, The Hermit is rather aware of matters over at Intis.
This is something that can be determined for now… The Hanged Man
wasn’t interested in red-haired Helene, only The Hermit’s real identity.
With red-haired Helene’s matter coming to a close, Audrey began
considering if she should consult the others about the mind dragon.
Unlike before, there was now the addition of Ma’am Hermit, who was of
unknown character and dubious allegiances. This left her hesitant.
After a brief deliberation, she said, “I recently sought out the traces of a
mind dragon and went to a place which has the tradition of worshiping
dragons.”
She had concealed the exact location as the details might implicate her.