Chapter 426

: 1-42
The Desire Apostle, who had once worn Patrick Jason’s skin, stopped in his
tracks and looked around in bewilderment.
Only now did he vaguely realize that danger was approaching.
He was at the edge of a garden where the grass had withered due to winter
and was revealing dark brown soil.
On the right side of the street, there weren’t many pedestrians on the
weekday afternoon. At this moment, there were only a few people passing
by, but they didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary.
Suddenly, a silver glint appeared in the eyes of the Desire Apostle, and a
person decked out in full body armor emerged from the other side of the
garden.
The armor was stained with congealed blood, diagonally from its left
shoulder all the way down. It exuded a bewitching beauty and appeared to
be extremely heavy. Every step it took slightly shook the ground.
Upon seeing this blood-stained silver armor, the Desire Apostle felt as if he
couldn’t breathe properly, as if he had met his most terrifying nemesis.
How are they here so quickly? They saw through my ruse so quickly? The
Desire Apostle regained his calm and coldbloodedness, fully focused on
sensing the emotions and desires of the Beyonder inside the blood-stained
silver armor.
However, to his despair, the silver armor completely blocked his Beyonder
powers.
It was as if he had touched a rock, a piece of cold armor which had no one
in it!
The Desire Apostle had no choice but to raise his right hand, spreading out
his giant bat wings and bringing with it some blue flames that rapidly
condensed.
At that moment, a silver light flashed from his right palm, and his thumb
fell to the ground. The wound was extremely clean.
Amidst swooshing sounds and a flash of silver light, the remaining nine
fingers of the Desire Apostle were severed. The suitcase he was carrying
also fell to the ground with a thud.
The Desire Apostle’s pupils immediately contracted to a needle point, and
he flapped the pair of huge bat wings on his back to escape in another
direction.
The shadow under his feet shrank back without anyone realizing it, hiding
in one spot.
The Desire Apostle had only taken two steps when countless silver lights
burst out from his body like blooming fireworks.
The thick black liquid that covered his body splashed to the ground like
raindrops. His forearm, arm, shoulders, ribs, neck, and other parts of his
body broke off and smoothly slid downwards.
Splat. Splat. Splat. The pale, blood-stained intestines of the Desire Apostle
splashed to the ground, along with his squirming stomach and his beating
heart which had yet to cease.
The place where he stood was where the blood was the thickest. The further
he went, the more splatted it looked, which when put together, they formed
a beautiful flower of death.
A Sequence 5 expert, a Desire Apostle who had just completed an
impossible assassination, was dismembered without any resistance.
This was a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact.
This was the Sealed Artifact that had caused over a hundred thousand
people to lose their lives—Sealed Artifact 1-42!
Dressed in that terrifying-looking armor, Leonard Mitchell struggled to take
two steps forward, sized up the dismembered body on the ground, and
raised his voice.
“He’s not completely dead yet!”
He paused for a moment and then added, “Different Devils have different
characteristics. This Desire Apostle is a shadow-shifter. He’s just abandoned
his own body, only leaving a shadow behind.”
While Soul Assurer Soest instructed a number of Nighthawks and members
of the Machinery Hivemind to “keep ordinary people at bay,” he surveyed
the scene and listened to Leonard.
He took out his pocket watch and opened it. He asked with a serious
expression, “There’s only ten minutes left, is it enough? Don’t force it!”
“No problem! 1-42 has locked onto him. I can sense its excitement,”
Leonard said without hesitation.
Soest spread his red-gloved fingers and said to the other Nighthawks,
“Bring hot water with you and follow Leonard closely. Once there are any
problem, switch with him immediately and dig a ‘bathtub’ on the spot!
“Also, leave marks. The other team members and I will quickly catch up.”
Tap. Tap. Tap. The blood-stained silver armor began running in pursuit.
Despite looking heavy, it was incredulously fast.
Soest watched as the few Red Gloves left before turning to look at Ikanser.
“Deacon Bernard, take the rest of the Machinery Hivemind members to that
house. Watch the duke’s guards and anyone else that’s alive at the scene.”
“Watch?” Ikanser subconsciously returned with a question.
Soest nodded seriously and said, “How can the Desire Apostle be able to
determine that the duke would be coming to this house today, to the point of
precisely pinpointing the time, and then perfectly luring the Spellsinger of
God away?”
Ikanser was instantly enlightened.
“Are you saying that a member of the Duke’s guards or someone trusted by
him is a partner of the Desire Apostle?”
Otherwise, there was no way that his timing could be that perfect!
The so-called “operation” wouldn’t have any chance of success otherwise!
“It can only be said that this is the most probable cause. We cannot
eliminate the assumption that the Desire Apostle has a powerful
clairvoyant.” Soest didn’t continue as he led a second batch of Nighthawks
and followed the marks to reinforce the teammates up ahead.
With a calm face, he led the rest of the Machinery Hivemind back to the
house of the Duke’s mistress.
He looked up at the pale sun behind the thin fog and knew that the situation
in the whole of Backlund, and even the whole of the Loen Kingdom, or
even the world would change because of what had happened today.
…
In the darkness of the sewers, a shadow was advancing rapidly in a
particular direction while clinging to the bottom of the stone wall.
He wanted to take advantage of the fact that the blood-stained armor was
tall and heavy, making it inconvenient for him to move around in certain
narrow areas of the sewers; thus, allowing him to shake him off his tail!
Every time the shadow moved a certain distance forward, it would stop,
frozen in place.
His pitch-black surface continued to swell and solidify as if it was trying to
produce new flesh and blood, but due to a lack of materials, it failed
miserably.
The Desire Apostle let out a painful gasp, feeling that he could lose control
at any moment in this state.
After a short breather, he continued to run for his life, unable to afford the
time to decrease the threat of the problem he faced. He was also afraid that
the terrifying blood-stained silver armor would silently catch up with him.
…
At the Quelaag Club, Klein entered the lounge and took the newspapers to
the toilet.
He was afraid that the Desire Apostle would flee in advance, leaving
potential danger for himself, Isengard Stanton, Kaslana, and the innocent
private detectives. Therefore, he planned on heading above the gray fog to
perform another divination to confirm the Desire Apostle’s present situation
and, thus, adopt a targeted strategy.
After repeating the previous process of replacing himself with a paper
figurine, he sat in the seat of The Fool, conjuring Jason Beria’s
handkerchief and trying to divine his current location.
In the dusky dream world, Klein saw the dark sewers. He saw a living
shadow and how his body seemingly appeared to fill itself with flesh and
blood, only to constantly fail, as well as tiny black dust that kept being shed
from his body.
The scene climbed higher and arrived aboveground, revealing a towering
cathedral.
Holy Wind Cathedral… Klein opened his closed eyes and understood the
situation of the Desire Apostle.
He hasn’t been caught yet, but he seems to be heavily injured. His condition
is in terrible shape and it’s filled with abnormalities!
His suitcase is gone too… It must’ve been dropped when he was injured…
Klein thought for a moment. Using divination, he recalled the map of
Backlund and made it appear before his eyes.
Similarly, he came up with a rough layout of Backlund’s sewers.
Having previously made full use of the sewer system, he had always been
gathering similar information such as this. The main focus was on East
Borough, the Backlund Bridge area, and the area where he was located in,
Cherwood Backlund. After some hard work, he had long completed the first
stage of his plan of understanding the main layout of the sewer network. To
have a more in-depth understanding of it would require an extremely long
period of persistence. When the time came, Klein even thought of
infiltrating Backlund’s municipal hall and directly sneak a peek at the
design prints.
According to the two maps and the scene seen in the dream divination,
Klein noticed that the Desire Apostle, Beria, hadn’t fled in the direction of
the Tussock River. Instead, he had taken the opposite route to Hillston
Borough, as if he wanted to pass through and enter the artificial lake in
Empress Borough.
In other words, he’s getting closer and closer to me… Klein’s mind stirred
as he suddenly had an idea.
Although I’m not sure which sewer he’ll pass through, I can make a
judgment via divination… He’s heavily injured and in a very strange state.
His interference in this aspect has turned extremely weak. At close
distances, it’s not like I can’t find him. After all, I’ve seen what he really
looks like, and I have a grasp of his aura… When it comes to finding
people, I’m a professional… I have to do something; I can’t let him escape
just like that! There’s still time! After confirming the degree of danger,
Klein made up his mind and returned to the real world.
He took out the candle, quickly set up a ritual, summoned himself, and
responded to himself.
Not long after, there was a figure in black armor, wearing a black crown,
and a cloak of the same color in the bathroom. It was Klein in his Spirit
Body state while carrying the Dark Emperor card.
He also “included” mystical items such as the Sun Brooch and Biological
Poison Bottle, so as to ensure success.
Then, he disappeared into the air and left the Quelaag Club in another
direction.
The current Klein could fly, so he was very fast, but he couldn’t cause any
wind, because he was a Spirit Body.
He “scraped” past a tree and took away a dead branch.
Having seen Jason Beria’s actual appearance before, together with his own
memory and the handkerchief as a medium, Klein, combined with the
layout map and the dowsing rod divination, quickly determined the sewer
areas that Jason had passed.
After entering the pitch-black and fetid area, Klein used his maximum
speed to pass through a large number of narrow areas and entered a
relatively spacious area.
The dark river flowed, and a mixed smell filled the air. He would
occasionally change his direction and chase after Jason Beria.
…
The Desire Apostle nearly lost control again. He stopped and pressed
himself against the damp walls and cold pipes, trying hard to rein in his
bloodlust and his desire to kill.
Pant. Pant. The thin shadow started to move.
At this moment, he suddenly turned his head to look at the spot he had just
passed.
The pitch-black armor and the black crown first entered his “eyes,”
outlining an extremely imposing figure.
Behind the figure, the weightless cloak lightly swayed as he moved
forward.
…
“It’s nearby!”
A body of heavy silver armor stained in blood went through the entrance
and climbed down to the sewers.