Chapter 472

: Latent Danger
Lady Caitlyn was sitting on a sofa in the activity room, with the deputy
butler, butler’s assistant, and the attendant of the corresponding services
seated opposite her.
She was meticulous as she gave instructions on various things to take note
of for the dinner banquet that night. This continued until her daughter,
Audrey, came to her side.
“Mother, I have something to tell you.” Audrey swept her gaze across the
other people in the room.
On the way to the activity room, she had felt a slight tremor, but she didn’t
discover anything unusual.
Lady Caitlyn looked around and nodded.
“All of you can return later.”
The activity room turned silent very quickly and even Susie was signaled
by Audrey to leave.
“You should stay by my side more often and learn how to handle matters.
Although you don’t lack such content in your family lessons, it’s still
profound knowledge on how to effectively combine theory with practice,”
Lady Caitlyn, who looked to be in her early thirties despite being in her
fifties, smiled and educated her daughter. “Alright, my little angel, what is
it?”
Audrey tried to produce the elegant smile she’d practiced in etiquette class,
but she found herself with a heavy, nervous smile.
She pursed her dry lips and directly said, “Mother, I’ve been hiding
something from you and Father.”
“Oh?” Lady Caitlyn tilted her head, waiting for a further explanation.
Audrey’s words were a little staccato at first, but then they immediately
became smooth and fluent.
“I… I’m already a Beyonder, the kind of person who possesses miraculous
powers by consuming a potion.”
The blonde Lady Caitlyn raised her eyebrows lightly and answered without
any hint of surprise, “I know.
“Both your father and I know about it.”
“Huh?” Audrey was momentarily at a loss as to how to continue.
Lady Caitlyn covered her mouth and laughed.
“You took so many mystical ingredients from the vault, and you are so
naive to think that your father and I didn’t notice?
“By your father’s side, in this villa, and in the fief of our family, there’s no
lack of Beyonders. They may be a result of a simple employment
relationship, or they may have been assigned by the Church of the Goddess,
or they may have been members of the Hall family. His Majesty has tacitly
agreed to such matters, and we have also tacitly consented to your little
adventures… Sigh, you will eventually grow up and mature. Your father
and I will never be able to protect you under our wings forever. You will
have to face certain matters alone, so having additional powers to aid you as
a trump card is good too.
“Yes, according to the general knowledge that I’m aware of, the initial
stages shouldn’t be that dangerous, and advancing will require one to two
years, or maybe even three years. So, your father and I aren’t too anxious,
and we intended to wait until you become an adult to give you a word of
warning so that you can stop at your present state.”
No, Mother, your general knowledge is wrong. You don’t know the acting
method. If I have all the ingredients, then I can become a Sequence 7
Psychiatrist before the new year… Moreover, I do not wish to stop. The
death of Duke Negan has made me understand that the world isn’t as stable
and peaceful as I thought it was. I want to have the power to protect all of
you at critical moments…
Mr. Fool is gradually recovering, and evil gods are making repeated
attempts to descend. Although I’m still immature and lack the necessary
knowledge, I can sense the hidden, indescribable dangers from these
matters… Audrey had always known that she couldn’t avoid the problem of
taking Beyonder ingredients from the vault, but she thought that perhaps by
chance, her parents weren’t aware of the specific effects of those items. At
most, they would suspect that she was getting deeper and deeper into her
mysticism enthusiast circle.
After releasing the burden in her heart, she paid no notice to her mother’s
exhortation and said, “Mother, I later joined a secret organization, one that’s
more academic and doesn’t worship evil gods. Please forgive me for not
being able to say its name and details, but I’ve already made an oath.”
Without waiting for her mother to ask, she cut to the chase.
“I received word today that the commoner girl who Prince Edessak has
fallen in love with is a Demoness. I don’t know what kind of plot they are
plotting.”
The first two sentences of hers didn’t contain any absolute connection. The
former referred to the Psychology Alchemists, while the source of the latter
was the Tarot Club, which was Mr. Fool.
Through this arrangement of sentences, every word she said was true, one
that could be confirmed through divination. However, it would make people
believe that her news came from the secret organization known as the
Psychology Alchemists.
The smile on Caitlyn’s face gradually disappeared as she solemnly asked,
“Demoness?”
She didn’t know much about the mysterious world, but the very word was
enough to make her sense the evil and become uneasy.
Audrey quickly nodded.
“Yes, a Demoness of Pleasure.
“And what scares me even more is that her name is Trissy Cheek.”
“What’s wrong with that?” her mother asked, puzzled.
“A member of that organization has seen the name Cheek in an ancient
book,” Audrey said the lie that she had already planned for. Whether it was
her tone, her words, the details of her expression, or her body language,
they were all flawless. “In the Fourth Epoch or earlier, it’s a name that
belonged to the Primordial Demoness.”
Immediately after, she gravely added, “That’s an evil goddess!”
Lady Caitlyn didn’t understand what the Primordial Demoness meant, but
she knew exactly what an evil goddess meant.
She couldn’t sit still any longer and quickly replied with a question, “Are
you sure?”
“… I’m not sure.” Audrey didn’t doubt Mr. Fool at all, but she couldn’t say
so openly. “No matter what, I think it’s necessary to seek the royal family,
no —get the Beyonders of the Church of the Goddess to confirm the matter.
If it involves an evil goddess, it’s always the right decision to be cautious.”
Caitlyn looked up at her daughter in surprise.
“… Audrey, you’ve grown up.”
If it weren’t for the urgency of the matter, Audrey would’ve pretended to be
reserved upon hearing such praise. She would first modestly wheedle, then
return to her room in glee. She might even twirl into a dance.
But now, she couldn’t care about that at all. She quickly let her worry and
nervousness surface on her expression.
“Mother, can you help me hide the truth? I heard that the Beyonders of the
Church and the royal family abhor secret organizations that aren’t a part of
them. Well, you can say that it was news which Father received. He should
have plenty of channels for information.”
Caitlyn stood up and gave her daughter a hug.
“Don’t worry, neither your father nor I will involve you in this.
“Your father won’t be back until evening. I’ll first let the hidden guards
appear, pretend that he sent a message, then I’ll get the Church of the
Goddess to send Beyonders to protect our family.”
“Alright!” Audrey replied happily.
At that moment, she finally breathed a sigh of relief. She was exhausted
from maintaining her prolonged high level of tension.
…
Looking at the few burning meteors crashing down at a high speed and
enveloping the whole forest, Klein actually had the thought of waiting
helplessly for his doom in despair.
Even if he continuously used Flaming Jump, it would be impossible for him
to escape the forest and the dangerous epicenter before the meteor shower
landed. Moreover, the weak body of a Beyonder from the Seer pathway
didn’t allow the possibility of him withstanding a head-on meteor strike.
Even a zombie that wouldn’t be wounded by a revolver would immediately
be turned into minced meat under such an “attack.” Moreover, it would
become charred black… Flaming Jump… The yellow-white light shone into
the depths of his eyes, quickly giving Klein, who had not given up, an idea.
In a situation that was depicted in seconds, he didn’t hesitate. He did
whatever that came to his mind.
Pa!
After silently calculating the distance, Klein snapped his fingers and ignited
all the remaining matches in the matchbox.
A streak of crimson red light soared into the sky, quickly enveloping his
figure within it.
Klein disappeared without a sound, appearing in the flames above the
meteor.
Whoosh!
The meteor rapidly descended. The moment he leaped out of the flames, he
was away from the meteor’s vicinity, entering a region of air with
frighteningly high temperatures.
At the moment when he used his Beyonder powers to jump, Klein was
immune to ordinary flames even if the temperature was rather high.
However, upon exiting that state, he had to do his best to avoid the flames
via Flame Controlling. Otherwise, he would suffer burn wounds and even
burn to death.
In addition, the hot air wasn’t within his “jump” range.
Pa!
Klein snapped his fingers again, causing the air at a critical point to ignite.
He phased into another flame, trying to avoid the first blast upon the
meteorite’s impact.
However, no matter how many times he tried and how many risks he took,
he still couldn’t escape the danger. There were only two choices: to jump to
a point away from the forest and suffer the meteorite’s resulting blast, or to
jump around like an acrobatic, waiting for the mushroom cloud to swallow
him up.
For a moment, Klein thought he could see himself being torn apart,
scorched black with flames still burning over his body.
A thought flashed through his mind, and his vision suddenly changed as all
the colors saturated. The reds became redder, the yellows become yellower,
and the whites became whiter, just like a strange oil painting!
The “oil painting” seemed to be different from the real world, allowing
Klein to watch as the meteorite “slowly” crashed to the ground.
That patch of the forest was instantly destroyed, and the ground clearly
quaked a few times. Plumes of smoke that were mixed with flames rose up,
forming a strange mushroom cloud.
Such an impact didn’t affect Klein, because the blast simply didn’t enter the
superposed, still “oil-painting world.”
Klein was stunned at first before he saw the human figure next to him.
The figure had bronze skin with a medium build. He wore a long black suit
and a half top hat. He had a pair of aged brown eyes, soft facial features,
and a tiny mole below his right ear.
“Mr. Azik!” Klein cried out in joy.
He finally knew what scene the revelation from the divination he made a
long time ago corresponded to.
It corresponded to the present!
The sea of blood represented a perilous situation, and being pulled up by
Mr. Azik meant being rescued because of him!
Just as Klein’s words left his mouth, Azik waved his hand, grabbed his arm,
and pushed his way through the deep layers of saturated colors!
…
The ordinary-looking quill was no longer writing on its own, and its surface
had dimmed a little.
The solemn-looking middle-aged man with only one eye grabbed it and
quickly wrote as if he was channeling a spirit.
“It was obvious that Azik Eggers had yet to recover all his memories and
strength. While attempting to travel through the spirit world and the astral
world, a latent danger appeared as a result of this problem. Hence, he and
Sherlock Moriarty found themselves landing near Ince Zangwill and his
friend.”