Chapter 1041

: 1041 King’s Daughter
1041 King’s Daughter
Sharron who doesn’t like nicknames? How did she know? She’s interacted
with Miss Sharron before? Upon hearing Reinette Tinekerr’s answer, Klein
was first taken aback before questions emerged one after another in his
mind.
From his point of view, a messenger and a mailer wouldn’t communicate
under normal circumstances. The entire process would be the messenger’s
appearance, the retrieval of the letter, and its departure.
Besides, when did Miss Messenger need to obtain the permission of the
other party when she gives nicknames? Did Frank Lee and Patrick Bryan
agree to it?
A few seconds later, Klein instinctively had a guess—Miss Messenger and
Miss Sharron definitely had some kind of connection, and Reinette Tinekerr
didn’t wish to hide anything.
Reining in his thoughts, Klein opened the envelope, unfolded the letter, and
quickly scanned the contents.
“There’s something I hope you can help me with. Let’s meet at the
Bravehearts Bar to discuss in detail…”
Compared to before, Miss Sharron isn’t that stingy with her words. She’s
slightly improved in this aspect for the better. Is this a change that resulted
from a demigod advancement? Klein thought for a moment and walked to
his desk. Picking up a pen, he wrote:
“When do you wish to meet?”
Putting down his pen, he glanced at Reinette Tinekerr, who was standing by
the side, seemingly waiting to write the reply. Klein felt even more certain
again.
He folded the letter, handed it over, and casually said, “For Miss Sharron.”
One of Reinette Tinekerr’s heads bit on the letter while the remaining three
said, “You…” “Haven’t…” “Paid…
“No…” “Postage…” “Payment…”
Klein cleared his throat, took out a gold coin, and handed it to Miss
Messenger.
Seeing Reinette Tinekerr disappear, he revealed a pensive look as he walked
to the reclining chair and waited patiently.
Less than a minute later, Miss Messenger walked out of the void again in
her complicated dress. She was biting the letter from before.
Klein didn’t inquire as he received the reply letter and unfolded it.
“If you don’t have any problems with it, it would be best if it happens
tonight.’
Tonight… Klein nodded thoughtfully and flicked his wrist, causing the
letter to ignite into scarlet flames, quickly turning it black.
The flame burgeoned and enveloped his body as well.
By the time the flames extinguished, Klein’s figure had already disappeared
from the reclining chair. The floating ashes hovering in midair
automatically fell into a nearby trash can with the help of an invisible wind.
In the houses that were connected together in Backlund’s North Borough,
Cherwood Borough, and the Bridge area, the wall gas lamps brightened
slightly before returning to normal.
Before long, Klein appeared in a room he had privately rented at the
periphery of East Borough. He changed his clothes, put on gold-rimmed
glasses, and went out with the appearance of Sherlock Moriarty, heading
straight for the Bravehearts Bar.
This time, he didn’t seek out Ian, who was in the card room playing tabletop
games with a bunch of people. He listened for a few seconds before pushing
open the door to one of the billiard rooms and entered slowly.
Just as he flipped open the door, he saw figures outlining themselves on two
sides.
Sitting on a high stool to the left was the blonde, blue-eyed Sharron. She
was wearing an exquisite bonnet and a regal dress. Compared to the past,
her face was no longer as pale as before. It just looked like she was anemic,
making her look less like a female ghost and more like a doll.
Standing to the right of the billiard table was Marie. This young man who
liked to play cards with zombies had turned increasingly pale. The malice in
his eyes had become unobvious, but it gave a suppressive feeling to others.
“Good evening.” Klein took off his hat with a smile and bowed.
“Good evening, Mr. Detective.” Sharron’s body seemed to float up
weightlessly as she seriously bowed. Marie did the same.
At that moment, the billiard room seemed to be filled with paranormal
events.
Klein casually pulled a high stool chair and sat down. He chuckled and said,
“What is it this time?”
“I’m very sorry to trouble you again.” Sharron bowed again.
Marie quickly said, “We made an agreement for a cooperative effort with
the Sanguine to deal with the key members of the Rose School of Thought
in Backlund.
“We will definitely carry out the bulk of it ourselves. It will include how we
lure them out, how we ambush them, and how our attack will happen. We
just hope that you will watch the entire process by the side and aid in our
escape when an accident happens.
“If you want anything, just mention it. We can discuss it.”
That is to say, I’m a contingency to prevent any accidents… What if that
fellow, Emlyn, also enlists The World to secretly help? When that happens,
they would have two demigods in their contingency plans…Uh, I think it
might work. I can be Sherlock Moriarty while letting Qonas Kilgor be
Gehrman Sparrow… Klein considered for a few seconds without
immediately agreeing. Instead, he said, “Let me ask a few questions.”
Marie glanced at Sharron and nodded.
“Okay.”
Klein looked at Sharron, who was sitting on a high stool like a doll.
“The Tutanssess II mummy we previously obtained was a preparation for
you to advance to Sequence 4 Puppet, and you’ve already become a
demigod?”
This was something he had previously learned from their conversations and
letter exchanges. His main goal was to make a confirmation and start the
subsequent topic.
Sharron quietly looked back at him as she said with an ethereal and
inhuman voice, “Yes.”
Klein nodded slightly and directly asked, “What’s your relationship with
Reinette Tinekerr?”
Sharron’s blue eyes darted about almost indiscemibly as she said, “‘She’ is
my teacher.”
Teacher… “She”… Although Klein already had some guesses, he nearly
drew a gasp. He felt his head aching.
In the blink of an eye, although his expression remained the same, countless
thoughts were bubbling in his mind. …Miss Messenger was originally an
angel?
I’m actually using an angel as a messenger? Isn’t that too exaggerated?
“She” is even Miss Sharron’s teacher… It probably wasn’t that simple when
“She” requested to be my messenger!
From the looks of it, “She” definitely isn’t on the same side as the Mother
Tree of Desire. Miss Messenger signed the contract with me because the
Mother Tree of Desire was coveting me? No—that “She” is bound to be my
enemy?
It’s no wonder Miss Sharron was able to obtain the puppet potion formula
and the corresponding ingredients with the help of her teacher…
As his thoughts raced, Klein decided to ask another question. He wanted to
use the process of Miss Sharron’s or Marie’s replies to calm his emotions.
He deliberated and said, “What’s the exact situation?”
This time, it was still Sharron replying. Compared to Horamick’s
mechanical dolls, she appeared more lifeless as she calmly said, “Early in
the Fifth Epoch, Death perished. There was resistance stirring against the
Balam Empire in places like the Southern Continent’s Star Highlands and
Paz Valley.
“During this process, the Chained God appeared, and the Rose School of
Thought was born. My teacher was originally the daughter of the ruler of
the local highlands, but ‘She’ later became the Blessed of the Chained God,
assisting ‘Her’ father in establishing the Highlands Kingdom.
“Later on, ‘She’ became a Sequence 2 angel, one of the leaders of the Rose
School of Thought. ‘She’ advocated temperance and using austere and few
desires to resist the madness in life.
“About 922 years ago, the ‘Son of God,’ Suah, was born. Everything began
to change as the indulgence and bloody rituals gradually took over the
dominating faction.
“At first, Teacher was barely able to maintain it, preventing the temperance
faction from being affected. However, as time passed, the influence of the
Mother Tree of Desire grew. Suah also successfully advanced a few years
ago, becoming a true Abomination.
“An internal war broke out. Teacher protected us as we escaped from the
highlands, valley, and grasslands. I watched ‘Her’ fall under the siege of
Suah and the other high-ranking members.
“However, ‘She* didn’t completely die because of prior preparations. ‘She’
resurrected in a special state in the spirit world and now yearns to complete
‘Her’ body.”
Is that so… In other words, Miss Messenger is currently, in essence, an
angel without the corresponding powers. “She” is in a weakened state. It’s
no wonder she wasn’t able to easily deal with the Rose School of Thought
demigod, Shanks… Wait, although there are many angels cooperating with
me, why are they all incomplete or weak? Apart from Ma’am Arianna, all of
them are in such states… Mr. Azik, Pallez Zoroast, Will Auceptin, Miss
Messenger… Is there a problem with my title as The Fool? Are they all
waiting for me to give them the charms corresponding to Scholar of Yore?
Klein came to a realization as he felt rather poignant.
He didn’t ask why Reinette Tinekerr still desired money, as he thought for a
moment before saying, “Miss Sharron, the Rose School of Thought
definitely has no lack of the Puppet potion formula. After you obtained the
Tutanssess II mummy, they would likely view you as a demigod. In
addition, Ma’am Reinette Tinekerr had once appeared before the Rose
School of Thought’s demigod and engaged in a battle with them. This also
means that the Rose School of Thought definitely knows that ‘She’ is alive,
and they wouldn’t not be prepared against ‘Her.’ And your relationship as
master and disciple with ‘Her’ is no secret to them.
“In such a situation, isn’t it a little too naive to use yourself and Marie as
bait to fish out the key members of the Rose School of Thought in
Backlund?
“Do you think they will only send one or two demigods to deal with you?
Up to what degree of help can the Sanguine provide?
“Also, I previously mentioned that due to one of my identities, the Mother
Tree of Desire places a great deal of importance on me. Even Abomination
Suah was sent to attack me. And your teacher’s cooperation with me is
something they are similarly aware of.
“Summarizing all these points, if you and Marie appear, the kind of assault
you would invite is unpredictable.”
Having said that, Klein’s expression turned serious as he asked, “Do you
wish to cause a divine descent in Backlund?” The entire billiard room
instantly turned abnormally quiet, but there weren’t any changes to
Sharron’s expression.