Chapter 461

: The Kind and Enthusiastic Hanged
Man
Unlike the past, Derrick was clearly smarter. He didn’t clumsily rely only
on words to provide a description.
After receiving Mr. Fool’s permission, he conjured a series of scenes from
the memories that he could recall. He showed the exploratory process and
the points he found important to The Hanged Man, Justice, The Magician,
and The World in a fragmented fashion, and then he included some
explanations for them.
The walls that had collapsed in the darkness, the streets that passed through
the destroyed buildings, the stone pillar-propped white and blue ancient
temple that was covered in dust under the light of the animal hide lantern,
the statue that hung upside down from a pitch-black cross, the series of
murals depicting the Fallen Creator who suffered from the sin in place of
humanity, the exceptionally alluring “mushrooms,” the statue at the altar
that had strangely opened its eyes, and the young yellow-haired Jack who
had been hiding in the back—all these scenes took shape and were reflected
in the eyes of the Tarot Club members in the most direct and realistic
manner.
The gloomy and dark tone, the sense of crisis with every step that was
taken, and the bizarre development that The Sun was experiencing made
Audrey rather excited. She became extremely interested in what he was
saying.
This is the situation around the City of Silver… It’s more attractive than any
novel I’ve ever read… This is the charm of mystery, uncertainty, and terror
combined… Of course, to the humans who live there, this isn’t a good
thing… Audrey’s thoughts were in disarray. She wanted nothing more than
to immediately become a powerhouse at the level of a demigod and venture
into that region ruled by darkness and storms.
Klein watched and sighed emotionally.
He was sighing because it truly wasn’t easy for the City of Silver to last all
this time in such an environment. He sighed because Little Sun still wasn’t
smart enough and had no experience. Otherwise, he would’ve been able to
completely present the events that happened in the form of a movie or
documentary. It would certainly be exciting and attractive!
However, this way, the description would take too long. My spirituality
wouldn’t be able to endure if everyone were to watch such a movie. Also,
the longer one stays above the gray fog, the more likely it is that something
bad will happen in the outside world… Klein suddenly felt lucky.
Alger finished watching in silence as he thought over it. He got The Sun to
pick a few important points he had chosen to present them above the long
bronze table. Among them included the mural of the Fallen Creator
resisting the six “evil gods.”
“Which evil gods are these?” Alger looked at the octopus with lightning
wrapped around its body, black waves at its feet, an avian-feathered cloak
on its back, and a three-pronged trident in its hand as he began to make
connections.
Derrick shook his head honestly.
“I don’t know. I thought you would know them.”
Audrey and Fors cast their gazes over at the same time, carefully observing
them several times, but they still failed to come up with any guesses.
They had originally thought that these were six of the eight ancient gods
from the legends of the City of Silver, but they couldn’t find a suitable
match. After all, there was a dragon, an elf, a giant, a phoenix, and an
Annihilation Demonic Wolf, while there was only one giant in the mural.
This… The Fool took a serious look and his pupils nearly contracted.
In consideration of his standing, he had only taken a cursory look at the
mural in the beginning, but now, he finally realized that something was
wrong.
This is very similar to the statues of the six gods which I saw in the Tudor
family’s underground ruin, except that one is a normal version and the
other is a corrupted version… It really is a bit hard for people to look at it
directly, especially Earth Mother, Lord of Storms, and Eternal Blazing Sun.
Not only have they been sullied as evil gods, but they’re even akin to ugly
monsters… Klein didn’t feel a sense of sudden enlightenment from having
realized the truth. He had expected the True Creator to disparage the six
gods and distort their images.
However, I can’t completely ignore the possibility of this mural appearing.
Just like how I had always thought that the orthodox gods didn’t have a
human form, with only symbols left. As a result, the statues in the ruins of
the Tudor family have made me less certain… It seems like the
establishment of the images of the gods have undergone a long evolution,
and many secrets are hidden within… Klein was relieved when he saw that
Miss Justice was focusing on examining the mural and didn’t pay attention
to Mr. Fool’s attitude.
Because it involved whether or not Little Sun could get out of the strange
predicament of repeating that short period of life, he decided to tell them
what he knew.
Of course, the long introduction and display of the images of the six gods
inside the underground ruin didn’t fit the identity of The Fool. He intended
to control The World to complete this task.
And this was in line with his goal of making The World and Sherlock
Moriarty equivalent.
The Fool should enigmatically say, “Evernight, Sun, Storm, Wisdom, Earth,
Giant,” and then give no explanation, with superfluous descriptions…
Klein thought for two seconds and let The World say in a hoarse voice,
“I’ve seen similar statues.”
After attracting everyone’s gaze, he paused and added, “In an adventure to a
Fourth Epoch ruin.”
Audrey was very interested, but she maintained her basic level of restraint.
“Mr. World, what kind of statues were there? Can you show it to us? Of
course, if you aren’t willing to, or if you require compensation, it’s
negotiable.”
“There’s no need, as this might also solve some of my doubts.” The World
smiled darkly.
He acted by making a request to Mr. Fool, and when he got permission, he
conjured the statues of the six gods and their corresponding Sacred
Emblems.
With her head against the full moon, the lady, who wore layers upon layers
of hazy dresses that didn’t repeat, gave off an exceptionally beautiful
feeling. On her long black skirt, there were also specks of starlight, as if it
were a night sky, and on top of that, that iconic Evernight Sacred Emblem.
Audrey immediately recognized her to be the Evernight Goddess she
worshiped.
This statue was most similar to the evil god in the upper left corner of the
mural, but its face was more human, and there were no strange eyes hidden
around it!
What sacrilege! This is sacrilegious to the Goddess! Audrey was a little
angry, but she quickly calmed down.
As the most infamous evil god, it’s expected that the True Creator would let
his followers disfigure the Goddess… But, why would there be a humanoid
sculpture of the goddess in the underground ruins… Isn’t it said that the
orthodox gods only have symbols? Audrey frowned slightly, lost in thought.
Alger felt somewhat enlightened as he said with a sigh, “So the murals
depict the distorted images of the six gods.
“‘They’ really had humanoid images in the past…”
Perhaps this is the reason why the Churches have always been trying to find
the Forsaken Land of the Gods… As for the Forsaken Land of the Gods, it’s
most likely hidden in the depths of the Sonia Sea. Yes, it definitely doesn’t
exist in a normal state; otherwise, it would be impossible for the deities to
not notice it… Alger added silently inwardly.
The Sun was first taken aback before he came to a realization.
“Mr. Hanged Man, are these the deities that all of you mentioned before—
the Evernight Goddess, the Lord of Storms…?”
“Yes,” The Hanged Man gave an affirmative answer.
“What do ‘They’ have to do with the apocalypse? What does it have to do
with our land being forsaken by the Lord?” Derrick subconsciously pressed.
Unfortunately, no one could answer him.
Fors raised her hand in confusion.
“Why is there no God of Steam and Machinery?”
This was the god she believed in.
In the Northern and Southern Continents, the seven gods had always been
equal!
“Rumor has it that the God of Steam and Machinery, also known as the God
of Craftsmanship, wasn’t born until the Fourth Epoch. From the looks of it,
it’s true, and the time node at which ‘He’ was born seems to be in the late
Fourth Epoch, not in the early or mid-Fourth Epoch…” The Hanged Man
said, a mixture of explanations and guesses.
He had an unconcealable enthusiasm for such topics.
So that’s the case… Fors felt a little guilty as she had never read the Steam
and Machinery Bible seriously, and her faith appeared as just a way of life.
Derrick didn’t harp on the previous matter and instead asked, “Is this mural
the key point?”
“Perhaps, you can try to break it, but don’t, heh, don’t let the chief suspect
you.” The Hanged Man was about to say that he shouldn’t attempt to
pronounce the honorific names of one of the six gods, or else ‘He’ or ‘They’
might directly descend into the Forsaken Land of the Gods, but after careful
consideration, he realized that the Little Sun didn’t know the corresponding
honorific names at all.
“Alright. Thank you, Mr. Hanged Man. You’re always so kind and
enthusiastic. Also, Miss Justice, Miss Magician, and Mr. World, you are
similarly as kindhearted,” Derrick thanked them sincerely.
Kind? Enthusiastic? The Hanged Man was momentarily unsure of how to
react.
This was the first time that someone had used such words to describe him.
After the discussion was over, Klein suddenly remembered something. In
the previous exploration of the abandoned temple of the True Creator, the
City of Silver found the name “Rose Redemption.” However, it didn’t seem
to pay attention to this.
It can’t be ignored… According to the evil spirit in the underground ruin,
this extremely secretive organization is an organization led by fallen angels,
and it is in no way inferior to the Twilight Hermit Order. Perhaps the
“cyclic time” was set up by them… Thinking of this, The Fool, who was
sitting upright in a high back chair, leisurely adjusted his posture and used
his fingers to lightly tap the edge of the long, mottled table.
Audrey immediately turned her head and looked at Mr. Fool in excitement,
waiting for ‘Him’ to give a hint.
The Hanged Man, The Sun, The Magician, and The World also looked
expectantly at Mr. Fool.
Amid the fog, Klein chuckled and said, “Rose Redemption.”
Rose Redemption? What is that… The key point to getting out of this
predicament? That’s right, there’s such a name in the corner of a mural
near the top of the temple!Derrick seemed to understand something.
Alger, Audrey, and Fors also recalled and gave the name “Rose
Redemption” high importance, but they didn’t fully understand the true
meaning that Mr. Fool was trying to convey.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, what does Rose Redemption represent?” Audrey
raised her hand and took the initiative to ask.
This time, Klein didn’t respond other than giving a short laugh.
His idea was very simple. The organization, the Rose Redemption, was
intricately tied to the True Creator. No matter what happened in the temple,
it would always point to them in some way.
As for whether this name was a so-called key point, Klein wasn’t sure or
worried. After all, he held the right to interpretation.
If The Sun and the others misunderstood the real meaning, how could it be
Mr. Fool’s fault?