Chapter 1004

: Third Movement
He moved at an adequate pace, doing so as though he had been repeating
this entire process like a daily routine.
Locking the bathroom’s door, Klein took four steps counterclockwise and
passed through the gray fog filled with ravings and roars, finally taking his
seat on the high-back chair of The Fool.
And before this, he made his valet, Enuni, who was standing by the
corridor, softly pray to Sea God Kalvetua.
Using the corresponding point of light, he beckoned for the Sea God
Scepter and began expanding his vision. He then locked onto the carriage
that was driving towards Macht’s residence—39 Boklund Street.
And this time, the person leaning against the glass window and leisurely
taking in the scenery was no longer a gray rat but a young man wearing a
silk top hat and black trench coat.
He had black hair and black eyes. His face was thin with a broad forehead.
He wore a crystal monocle and had a faint smile on his lips. He was none
other than the Blasphemer, the Angel of Time, son of the Creator—Amon!
Although Klein was already mentally prepared, his anxiety made his entire
body feel chilly.
Amon had clearly appeared in “His” original form, but after stealing the rat
demigod’s destiny, “He” appeared as a gray rat in everyone’s eyes without
incurring any suspicion.
He and his brother, Angel of Imagination Adam, had certain powers which
were similar. It left terror in the mind of others the more they thought about
it, but it was intrinsically different!
If not for the gray fog and not for my deeper control of this place, I
wouldn’t have discovered it either… Klein felt a mix of joy and alarm as he
expanded his vision to seek out Amon’s avatars.
Compared to the grafting of destiny, the signs of Parasitizing was a lot
clearer.
However, Klein didn’t notice anything this time.
Be it the other passengers in the carriage, the horses that towed the carriage,
or the surrounding trees and air, there wasn’t any sign of Parasitizing!
This is different from what Leonard’s grandpa said… Shouldn’t the
appearance of one Amon mean the accompaniment of many more Amons?
“He” is clearly aware that “He” was discovered by a Bizarro Sorcerer of the
Church of Evernight, and “He” suspects that Boklund Street is under
surveillance. Therefore, “He” only sent a single avatar to investigate the
situation? Klein frowned as he came up with theories. He was a little unsure
of how to handle the current development.
Of course, he recalled Pallez Zoroast mentioning that as long as one avatar
was resolved, “He” could eliminate all the Amons in Boklund Street. And
now, there was only one Amon in Boklund Street, a perfect time to take
action!
I’ll first hear what the expert’s opinion is… Klein immediately conjured
The World Gehrman Sparrow’s figure at the other end of the long bronze
table and made him reverently and piously pray.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, please inform Leonard Mitchell that Amon has
appeared at 39 Boklund Street, but there’s only one…”
While Gehrman Sparrow made the prayer, Klein didn’t stop monitoring the
carriage. He saw Hazel in a light-colored dress alight and enter her foyer.
Amon, who was wearing a monocle and black trench coat, walked behind
her with complete composure. Despite not having any concealment, the
servants didn’t notice him at all. It was as though there was only air or some
inconspicuous creature behind Miss Hazel.
Occasionally, the female servants would look at the ground and jump in
fright. Just as they were about to scream, they would forget what they were
about to do after their mouths opened.
Amon passed through the foyer and walked up the stairs. Pinching the
crystal monocle, Amon stuffed “His” hands into “His” pockets.
Ringed transparent worms began squirming out of “His” body as they
crawled in every direction before vanishing.
This left Klein’s scalp tingling. He recalled Pallez Zoroast’s description of
Amon’s Parasitizing power: a plague-like infection!
Hazel had been in an excellent mood recently. This was because her teacher
hadn’t truly gone mad. Everything that happened previously was only a test,
and she had passed it with flying colors.
This made her gain plenty of knowledge about the supernatural world. She
learned the essence of the potions and grasped the acting method. She also
gained the opportunity to advance to Cryptologist.
She was currently a Sequence 7 Beyonder!
So the world actually has such a magical side to it… I wonder when I can
become a demigod and shake off my mortal coils… Hazel glanced at the
hanging wall clock and rubbed her sunken tummy. She decided to get her
mother to bring forward the high tea session today. After all, there weren’t
any guests.
At noon, she had used the excuse of heading out for a meal to bring her
teacher back. She also took the opportunity to act and hadn’t had anything
to eat.
Upon thinking that, she glanced at her teacher who was sprawled on a
leather cushion on the sofa. The gray rat had raised its front paw and
pressed on its right eye.
“Do you need any food?” Hazel asked reverently.
The rat lowered its front paw and answered unhurriedly, “There’s no need.”
“Alright, Teacher.” Hazel turned around and walked forward, opening the
door to her bedroom.
Her lady’s maid was standing along the corridor, leisurely looking at the
balcony at the end of the corridor as though she was admiring the afternoon
sky.
Hazel indiscernibly frowned and said, “Guard this place. Don’t let anyone
in.”
The lady’s maid shot one glance at her and smiled.
Yes, Miss.”
Only then did Hazel leave her bedroom and head for the activity room on
the second story. She found her mother, Ma’am Riana.
This lady with the same black-green hair received a pair of gem-embedded
glasses with a gold chain hanging from it from her lady’s maid. It was more
an accessory than an eyesight-correction tool.
“Don’t tell me that you don’t like it?” Hazel asked in puzzlement.
The corners of Ma’am Riana’s mouth curled slightly.
“I like it now.”
As she said that, she wore the glasses.
As Hazel was just about to say something, she heard footsteps approaching.
She turned her head to find her father, Member of Parliament Macht,
coming home early.
“Father, didn’t you say that you’d be at the Military Veterans Mess?” Hazel
asked in passing.
There wasn’t anyone there today.” Macht raised his right hand and pinched
the two sides of his eyes.
Hazel thought nothing of it as she nodded.
“Perfect, we haven’t had high tea together in a long time.”
“That’s right.” Member of Parliament Macht and Ma’am Riana laughed at
the same time as a faint smile appeared on their lips.
At 7 Pinster Street, Leonard, who had just returned from Saint Hierland
Square, threw himself onto the sofa as he lifted his feet onto the coffee
table.
Having not received any “information,” he believed that the punishment
operation had come to a perfect end, allowing him to look forward to the
spoils of war.
“Old Man, didn’t you say that the Sanguine Viscount had many mystical
items on him? Can you tell me what they are?” Leonard softly asked in
puzzlement.
In his mind, Pallez Zoroast harrumphed.
“Items of that level aren’t worth my notice.”
Leonard was just about to press further when his vision suddenly blurred.
He saw the boundless grayish-white fog and Gehrman Sparrow’s blurry
figure, as well as his prayer.
“…Amon has appeared at 39 Boklund Street, but there’s only one…”
Amon has appeared? That quickly? Leonard, who had already relaxed,
retracted his feet immediately and sat straight up. He became more anxious
than before the punishment operation began.
He hurriedly informed Pallez Zoroast of Klein’s words and asked, “…Old
Man, what do we do now? Begin the operation? But there’s only one Amon
avatar!”
Pallez Zoroast fell silent for two seconds before saying, “If there’s only one
Amon, it implies that ‘He’ has other motives, but none of that matters.
“In the Fourth Epoch, there’s a saying—there’s no point crying over spilled
milk. Since it has begun, we can’t falter. If we delay this any further, Amon
will attempt to influence the entire street. When that happens, ‘He’ will
definitely discover Dwayne Dantes’s abnormality.”
Klein returned to the real world and walked out of the bathroom.
He had already made the corresponding preparations. He had Creeping
Hunger on his left hand and an emblem carved from obsidian in his right.
Then, he made Enuni snap his fingers and use Flaming Jump to enter 39
Boklund Street—Member of Parliament Macht’s house—with the
appearance of Gehrman Sparrow.
Control of the Spirit Body Threads was instantly transferred to Klein, but
this only seemed to sink into the vast ocean without any reaction.
He had lost control of his marionette!
This… Klein’s eyelid twitched as he heard the door to the master bedroom
creak open.
It was Enuni.
This youth with Loen and Balam blood in him had pushed open the door
and walked in, completely outside of Klein’s control.
He then took out a crystal monocle from his pocket and rubbed it with his
sleeve. Then, he leisurely wore it on his right eye.
He then looked at Dwayne Dantes, the corners of his mouth curling up.
“Found you.”
The mood in the bedroom froze as Enuni, who was pinching on the
monocle, continued, “Flora Jacob’s destiny was filled with too many
abnormalities, and they mainly came from this street. This piqued my
interest, and I spent some time to distinguish and seek out the source. It
took me so many days to find you.
“I’m no stranger to this mirror, and I can control it, but I’ve never seen it
ingratiate itself so much towards one person. This really is an interesting
matter. Perhaps, I should steal your destiny and see why that is the case?
Ah, right. You likely do not know of its origins. It’s in no way simple…”