Chapter 810

: Whose Cathedral
A cathedral… We came to the same judgment… Klein looked at the ruin
ahead of him as he silently muttered to himself.
At that moment, the tiny amount of crimson moonlight that penetrated the
mist had scattered onto the collapsed building. Compared to before, it was a
lot richer in color, almost approaching the color of blood.
Klein maintained Gehrman Sparrow’s trademark cold attitude as he said in
an unperturbed manner, “Where did you previously explore?”
As he spoke, Klein glanced at the lantern in The Hanged Man’s hand which
remained unshattered despite all the ordeals. He subconsciously tensed up
his muscles and skin when he saw the glow from the flame.
Although the flame was ultimately contained by thick glass and metal
frame, it still left him a little afraid.
Alger didn’t notice the minute changes in Gehrman Sparrow as he raised his
dagger-wielding right hand and pointed at the grandest building amidst the
ruin.
“There.”
All that was left of the building was its main structure. It was impossible to
know what it originally looked like. The only things that could only be
determined were that it had thick walls with narrow windows, and the
building’s scale and its magnificence. Furthermore, it once had a spire and
clock tower. It had a spartan facade and an ancient architecture.
“This is an architectural style from the early Fourth Epoch. There are
records of these in the Church of Storms’s canon. It’s said that in that
period, the various Churches used such styles to build their cathedrals in a
widespread fashion.” Alger had a deep impression on the ruin. Over the
years, he had flipped through many books and had acquired quite a bit of
the background. “Its greatest trait is the temple found above and the
catacombs found below. Life and death were both unified here. However, I
cannot confirm that the ancient cathedral’s interior is as I described, as I’ve
never ventured deep into it.”
This might be an architectural style left behind from the Third Epoch…
Klein made a guess as he walked straight to the opening of the ancient
cathedral ruin’s abnormally huge door. By keeping the lantern behind him,
enjoying only the light emitted from it, he didn’t need to suffer from his
fear of fire.
The duo quickly moved up the grayish-white stairs that were ridiculously
high, and they arrived at the door’s opening. Inside, they saw remnants of
stone columns and arches that extended upwards towards the center.
Klein wasn’t in a rush to enter. He reached his left hand into his pocket and
took out a gold coin as he allowed it to weave between his finger while
seemingly muttering something.
Suddenly, he flipped the gold coin and opened his palm to await its descent
while saying to The Hanged Man, “How did you determine that deep in this
cathedral is something of value that is not less than that of the Cards of
Blasphemy?”
After he said that, he looked at the gold coin that had fallen into his palm
before putting it away.
Alger pointed inside and said, “I’ve said before that my strength was
inferior to Qilangos, and I didn’t go as deep as he did. I had no idea what he
saw, other than the judgment that there was something extremely precious
and important inside from his remarks. Furthermore, it was something that
only a true Sequence 5 could obtain.
“However, the murals near the entrance and the marks on the ground might
be able to explain something.”
Klein nodded and walked through the dark door’s opening that the crimson
moonlight was unable to illuminate. The black trench coat he wore fluttered
gently behind him as Alger held up a lantern and clenched his dagger while
following behind.
Passing through the opening, Klein used the crimson moonlight that shone
in from the opening at the dome to see the hall of considerable depth up
ahead. A few of the ancient stone columns supporting it had already
snapped.
At the end wasn’t an altar, nor were there any staircases that led upwards. It
was completely dark and difficult to tell the details. It appeared as though it
led underground.
It isn’t a temple above and a catacomb beneath… The temple is
underground in the catacombs? It’s impossible to determine that. We’ll
know only by venturing down… Klein subconsciously glanced around and
discovered side doors along the two sides, but the regions they led to had
already completely collapsed with no usable path.
The murals near the entrance and the marks on the ground… he recalled
what The Hanged Man had just said, and he took two diagonal steps before
releasing the invisible Wraith Senor. With his night vision, he began
observing the remaining murals.
The mural’s background was of a towering and magnificent mountain. At
its peak was a gigantic cross that was covered in a lustrous glow.
In front of the cross were grand and abnormal figures that were clustered
around. They were angels with two wings, four wings, or six wings.
This… Klein did a cursory glance and felt a strong sense of familiarity.
He had seen a similar mural before, back in Blasphemer Amon’s
mausoleum!
When he focused again, Klein quickly noticed the difference. There weren’t
the two infants that represented Amon and Adam, nor were there any
twelve-winged angels. The grand figure in front of the cross held its arms to
its chest as it held an ancient, spartan slate.
The slate was drawn in an extremely indistinct manner; yet, it felt both
ancient and young, holy and sinister. It was in extreme contradiction.
Slate… Klein’s pupils dilated slightly as a specific term flashed in his mind:
Blasphemy Slate!
This is likely that ancient sun god, the Lord that created everything which
the City of Silver worships… Indeed, the Blasphemy Slate is closely related
to “Him”… I wonder if this is the first Blasphemy Slate or the second…
Klein roughly guessed at the cathedral’s worshiped entity, and he also
began to believe that the depths of the ruin hid items that were very
valuable and important.
He withdrew Senor’s gaze and allowed the marionette to turn to face the
ground.
Apart from the slates being covered in cracks and some odd marks
remaining, they were dark red in color, smaller than a human’s forehead.
They overlapped with one another at times as they extended all the way to
the ends of the hall.
At that instant, a scene naturally appeared in Klein’s mind.
Devout believers were prostrated on the ground as they proceeded forward,
slamming their foreheads heavily onto the ground after covering a certain
distance, leaving blood oozing out.
Noticing Gehrman Sparrow look around without any scrutiny, Alger
probed, “The ancient sun god?”
At that moment, he felt the baffling sensation of a cold wind blowing from
Gehrman Sparrow’s side. He suspected that hidden around them were
shadows or wraiths.
Recalling the strange restraints the mutated curly-haired baboon was under,
Alger made a vague theory that he didn’t voice out.
Upon hearing The Hanged Man’s question, Klein had wanted to chuckle
and reply, “you can also call ‘Him’ the Lord that created everything, the
omnipotent and omniscient God,” but he felt that such a tone and choice of
words was closer to that of The Fool and not Gehrman Sparrow. Hence, he
held himself back and nodded slightly.
“It’s not hard to tell.”
Alger silently heaved a sigh of relief as he held a sense of anticipation for
the item buried deep underneath the cathedral.
The two simultaneously decided to walk towards the end of the hall.
When they approached it, Klein finally saw the staircase that led
downwards.
“An underground area?” he asked succinctly.
Alger shook his head.
“I can’t be sure. I’ve never gone down.
“Although Qilangos had attempted to venture in, he returned in less than ten
minutes with his aura becoming relatively weak.”
Klein nodded thoughtfully and said in passing, “You seem to be very
familiar with him.”
If it were said by anyone else, Alger would’ve pretended to have not heard
it or answer directly. But deep in his heart, The World Gehrman Sparrow
was Mr. Fool’s Blessed. His question could possibly represent the intentions
of that existence, so he needed to view them seriously.
After deliberating for a few seconds, Alger said in a deep voice, “We were
fellow-townsmen, and we were servants at the same cathedral.
“The priest there was an easily irritated person who enjoyed punishing the
servants. Qilangos couldn’t bear it and escaped secretly to become a pirate.”
So there was such a past… Mr. Hanged Man is also a man with a story…
Klein didn’t probe deeper as he headed down the staircase in the extremely
silent cathedral ruins.
Although his footsteps were extremely light, they still sounded obvious in
such an environment as they echoed.
Soon, the two of them came to the end of the staircase and saw the opening
of an arched door.
On both sides of the opening were two shadows that stood there silently in
an immutable fashion.
Klein and Alger halted at the same time as they looked at the two shadows,
only to discover that they were two stone statues.
They were both men with their surface being grayish-white. One of them
wore full-body armor that resembled a barrel, and the other work a jacket
that looked more contemporary. Their expressions were writhing in pain as
their eyes protruded as though they were glaring at something.
Upon seeing this scene, Klein realized something as he recalled the
encounter outside.
He and Alger had also shown signs of petrification, and it was thankful that
they extricated themselves of the effects, or they might have really become
statues!
This… Don’t tell me they’re humans who met with the same situation… If
we had been petrified, would we be “moved” down here, standing guard at
this door opening for centuries or even millennia? The source of that
petrifying power isn’t afraid of these ruins? Klein felt explicable horror as
his scalp tingled.
He controlled his emotions and turned his head to look at The Hanged Man.
He discovered that the pupils of the boorish man at sea had similarly dilated
and was clutching the dagger tightly.
Mr. Hanged Man has come to the same conclusion without me needing to
speak further… Klein pointed at the door opening and said, “There might
be even more stone statues inside.”
Alger nodded as he said worriedly and jokingly, “Let’s hope we don’t see
ourselves.”
If we’re convinced that we have escaped the effects of petrification, only to
see our statues in this underground area, that would be quite the horror
story… Klein thought for two seconds and said to The Hanged Man, “Do
you have night vision?”
His true meaning was that the light of the lantern was especially eye-
catching in the dark catacombs and that it might easily cause unwanted
developments. Therefore, it was best to extinguish the flame if he had night
vision.
And he believed that Mr. Hanged Man was able to read in between the
lines.
Alger replied frankly, “Yes.”
As a Beyonder of the Sailor pathway who could dive, it was a given that he
had night vision.
Klein glanced at him without a word, but his meaning was obvious.
Then why are you still using a lantern?
Alger seriously replied, “Firstly, it’s to misdirect the enemy into
instinctively believing that I don’t have night vision because of my use of a
lantern. When they destroy my lantern and try hard to create a dark
environment, I’ll give them a pleasant surprise.”
How sinister… Klein was momentarily at a loss for words.
Alger continued, “Secondly, it’s to avoid situations similar to the City of
Silver. There might be extreme darkness lurking within complete darkness.”
Makes sense… Klein didn’t insist that Alger extinguish the lantern as he
first stepped past the two stone statues. Under their pain-frozen gazes, he
stepped into the entrance that led underground.
As he didn’t know what the petrified statues represented, nor did he know if
they were completely dead, Klein didn’t attempt to shatter them to obtain
their Beyonder characteristics and mystical items.