Chapter 1264

: Succeeding
There was no need for any communication. Just from this sudden locking of
eyes, Klein knew that Colin Iliad had the same thoughts as him.
He didn’t hesitate to flip the black staff embedded with many gems and
point it at himself.
In the next second, it was as if Klein’s body was a sketch that had met an
eraser. It was wiped away inch by inch, and he quickly disappeared.
This was the power of Concealment, one that also came from the leader of
the ascetics of the Church of Evernight, Arianna.
As the power of Concealment that was replicated by the Staff of the Stars
was definitely much weaker than the original version, and the evil spirit’s
level was rather high, Klein didn’t attempt to use it on Dark Angel Sasrir.
Instead, he targeted himself.
At the same time that he was “concealed,” Colin Iliad fused into the faint
light that illuminated everything in the shadow palace with his two swords
of dawn.
Around Dark Angel Sasrir, who was dressed in a silver-threaded black robe,
silver beams lit up one after another. Colin struck the evil spirit from
different angles, forming a tornado that swept upwards. During this process,
the gigantified Colin Iliad didn’t appear at all. Furthermore, he hid his
malicious intent, making it impossible for the enemy to determine where his
next attack would come from.
Derrick Berg recovered from the shock and quickly condensed bright white
“Unshadowed Spears” as he wildly thrust them forward.
Amidst the crackling sounds, the Unshadowed Spears were either blocked
by the black armor formed by the aura of Degeneration, or by the layered
silvery-white sphere of lightning. He failed to truly hurt Dark Angel Sasrir,
but it effectively affected his opponent’s actions.
While the two City of Silver demigods were holding back that special evil
spirit, Klein, who was in a “concealed” state, approached the iron-black
throne.
In his “concealed” state, he saw veiled scenes that were covered in a dark
fog. He could only roughly tell where he was and what the surrounding
objects were. He was unable to exert any influence on the outside world. If
not for this, the moment he entered the “concealed” state, he could secretly
control Sasrir’s Spirit Body Threads. It would be a method impossible to
fend against.
After rapidly approaching the iron-black throne, Klein ended his
“concealed” state, allowing his figure to instantly appear to the right of the
target.
Following that, he aimed the Staff of the Stars at the grayish-white ancient
stone slab.
Ignoring the contents on it, Klein quickly outlined a very familiar Beyonder
power in his mind.
Boom!
Silver bolts of lightning shot out with a strong destructive aura, striking the
first Blasphemy Slate.
This was the Lightning Storm power from the Sea God Scepter!
Boom!
Amidst the silver light that illuminated the surrounding area, an illusory
“light” that was almost invisible appeared between the first Blasphemy
Slate and Dark Angel Sasrir. It was difficult to describe the exact color, but
under the terrifying lightning’s pandemonium, they evaporated and broke
apart.
Pure beams of light shot out from Sasrir’s body, leaving no darkness in the
shadow palace. Nothing else could hide.
Unshadowed Domain.
The nearly six-meter-tall Colin IIliad appeared in his silver armor. Together
with Klein, layers of blazing halos pushed them away into the distance. The
attacks of Derrick’s “Unshadowed Spears” and “Flaring Sun” were also
blocked by these corporeal halos.
Right on the heels of that, Dark Angel Sasrir’s eyes were dyed with a brass
sheen. In each of them, an illusory river that shimmered with waves of light
appeared, circling the first Blasphemy Slate and “His” figure.
The “river” flowed upstream as the illusory “light” that had evaporated and
severed appeared once again and connected to it.
The damage that Klein had painstakingly inflicted was quickly returned to
normal.
The cycle of fate, the rebooting of all things!
Sasrir raised “His” left hand and condensed a deep-black scepter. “He” then
used “His” brass-like eyes to sweep across the demigods present. “He” said
in a deep but magnificent voice, “I’m omniscient, and also omnipotent.”
As “His” voice echoed in the air, both Klein and Colin Iliad didn’t waver at
all. They either “Blinked” or moved at high speeds, not giving the terrifying
evil spirit a chance to lock onto them. They also attempted to launch a new
wave of attacks. However, Klein didn’t dare to forcefully pull the Dark
Angel into a dream again, because if he was attacked by the aura and power
of Chaos Sea again, he might lose control immediately. Elsewhere, Derrick
covered his body with a layer of pure light, forming holy armor.
At that moment, a pitch-black flame burned in Sasrir’s brass eyes.
“His” voice turned evil and sinister, carrying a strong sense of
“Degeneration.”
“Blasphemer, die!”
Klein’s body, heart, and soul suddenly sank. He felt as though he was about
to die. His consciousness turned blurry as his energy evaporated; his flesh
began to wither inch by inch.
Colin Iliad was slightly better than him. He only felt his body grow heavy
as his life slipped away uncontrollably. The madness that came from his
incomplete Mythical Creature form grew stronger.
Derrick, who was farthest from Dark Angel Sasrir, emitted bright bouts of
sunlight, helping him quickly escape from his trance. He then opened his
mouth.
“God says it’s ineffective!”
The feeling of death instantly dissipated a little, allowing Klein and Colin
Iliad to barely find themselves.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
The giant-like Colin Iliad rushed towards Dark Angel Sasrir. Along the way,
he kept changing his position, dodging unstoppable dark, sharp beams.
In the blink of an eye, he had already closed in on the target.
Dark Angel Sasrir immediately pointed the pitch-black scepter ahead,
causing Colin Iliad’s body to produce a shadow within the Unshadowed
Domain. The shadow came alive as it followed the legs of the City of Silver
Chief, “swallowing” him.
Gong!
A distant bell sounded as though it had pierced through history.
The ancient, mottled stone wall clock appeared in front of Klein once again,
bringing with it a brief respite.
As he made use of this respite, Klein used the Staff of the Stars to reproduce
the “Unshadowed Spear” and cast it at Colin Iliad’s shadow.
The blazing light exploded, dispersing the shadow like the sun.
Colin’s face under his visor twisted, but he didn’t hesitate at all. He jumped
up, appearing right above Dark Angel Sasrir and cleaved down with his two
swords of dawn.
Gong!
Sasrir seemed to see through Colin Iliad’s intention. “He” raised the black
scepter horizontally and blocked the other party’s cleaving strike.
Suddenly, Colin Iliad’s body melted.
He became sticky, heavy “mercury”, surging down like waves, instantly
drowning Dark Angel Sasrir. It was as if “He” was wearing a set of full-
body silver armor, without any gaps in between. Colin wanted to suffocate
the entity inside!
Sasrir’s actions were immediately restricted.
Taking this opportunity, Klein’s figure suddenly turned transparent as he
appeared beside the iron-black throne.
Teleportation!
Then, he raised the Staff of the Stars and conjured a certain Beyonder
power.
It was one of the core powers of the Marauder pathway.
Theft!
Just as he had expected, the “Theft” was carried out rather successfully. It
was as though the current Sequence 2 angel, Pallez Zoroast, had personally
taken action.
The “light” that connected the Dark Angel and the first Blasphemy Slate
separated from Sasrir, shifting to Klein!
At that instant, Klein’s thoughts nearly exploded. The indescribable color
and form appeared in front of him once again. It was abnormally illusory, as
though it was a sea containing all secrets.
Just as he was about to lose control due to the aura and powers of the Chaos
Sea, the parts of his body that were corrupted by the True Creator suddenly
experienced a change. They seemed to be attracted by a strong attractive
force as they rapidly gathered together and began to take over the nearly
invisible “light,” making him stop at the edge of a proverbial cliff.
Indeed… As Klein sighed, he tried his best to restrain his mind that had
been inundated. He was temporarily unable to move.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
The silver armor covering Dark Angel Sasrir’s body began to crack in the
darkness.
These beams of light that came from the “Cull of Spiritual Flesh” tore out,
turning the mercury into tattered pieces and flying far away.
With a loud snap, the mercury fell to the ground, regathering into the form
of Colin Iliad.
There were gaping holes in the Chief’s body. Inside it was a black, frozen,
decadent, and illusory aura.
At that moment, the illusory, layered black wings on Sasrir’s back dimmed
significantly. “His” eyes had once again worn a brass sheen, a faint
flickering illusory river appearing in them.
Upon seeing this scene, Colin Iliad instinctively recalled what had
happened.
As these thoughts flashed through his mind, he relied on his intuition to
charge out without hesitation, filled with great resolve.
His body ignited a transparent flame, emitting the bright light of dawn.
These beams of light came from his soul, his body, his Beyonder
characteristic, and the two swords he struck out merged together, turning
into a raging, violent storm that swept out.
At this moment, Colin Iliad’s “eyes” were filled with the light of dawn he
created, and the towering figure dressed in a gorgeous black robe with
illusory black wings.
Bearing the light, he charged towards the light—Sasrir.
The terrifying “Hurricane of Light” instantly enveloped the Dark Angel,
tearing at “His” body, interrupting the Beyonder powers that “He” was
about to use. It made the evil spirit that had lost the source of its power
rapidly fade away amidst the fragments of light.
When the light dissipated, holes appeared on Dark Angel Sasrir’s body. The
layers of wings on “His” back were spread out, but “He” failed to borrow
any strength.
Colin Iliad immediately turned into sticky “mercury,” once again covering
most of the evil spirit’s body, restricting “His” movements.
Then, the City of Silver Chief shouted in a low voice to Derrick Berg, just
like he did when he was facing Lovia:
“Attack!”