Chapter 200

: The Demoness of Pleasure
Synonym of war… A similar Sequence as the Demoness Sequence
pathway… Which one would it be? Klein watched the movie-like scene as
he recalled the Sequence pathways that he knew of.
As he was only an official Nighthawk, there was still a lot of information
that he couldn’t access. He was still in the dark about the names of the Mid
to High Sequences and their corresponding traits. He only knew about the
few that he had learned of from the Eternal Blazing Sun, such as the Priest
of Light and the Unshadowed; the God of Combat Sequence pathway that
he found out from the young man, Sun, such as Dawn Paladin, Guardian,
and Demon Hunter; as well as Spirit Guide and Gatekeeper which he found
out from Daly and Dunn.
Hence, it was difficult for him to judge which Sequence pathway would be
a synonym of war. He could only eliminate them one by one, such as the
God of Combat Sequence pathway which seemed more like individual
battles rather than war.
Klein thought about it and minimized the scope to five options.
First, was the Arbiter Sequence pathway which the Loen Kingdom’s ruler,
the Augustus family, and the Feynapotter Kingdom’s Castiya family were in
control of. But Klein felt that this option was the least likely because the
Arbiter’s corresponding Sequence 8 was Sheriff and Sequence 7 was
Interrogator, which both seemed to be leaning towards trial and judgment
but not towards war.
Second, was the Fourth Epoch Solomon Empire’s pathway of the Dark
Emperor. Its Sequence 9’s modern name was Lawyer, which was good at
discovering and using the flaws and weaknesses of an opponent, while also
possessing outstanding eloquence and logical thinking. That was the second
lowest possible Sequence pathway. He suspected that the development of
the Sequence would make use of rules and walked in the shadow of order.
Of course, war was also considered as one of the shadows of order.
Third, was the Hunter Sequence pathway that was in the control of the
Feysac Empire’s rulers, the Einhorn family; the Intis Republic’s former
royal family, the Sauron family, and also the hidden organization that only
appeared in the last two to three hundred years, the Iron and Blood Cross
Order. Klein thought it was quite possible.
The Nighthawk’s confidential information described Hunters as excellent
trackers, outstanding trap masters, and superb hunters. The corresponding
Sequence 8 was Provoker, while Sequence 7 was Pyromaniac. Both were
partially associated with massacre and war.
Fourth was the ancient organization Blood Sanctify Sect that worshiped
demons. They were in control of the Criminal Sequence pathway. From the
sequence title itself, Klein felt that it had a high possibility.
Fifth was the Rose School of Thought that was known for bloody rituals.
They had the Prisoner Sequence pathway, and the reason was the same as
the one before.
Just as Klein was drowning in his own thoughts, the scene before him
changed. Madam Sharon had just finished showering, and her wet hair hung
low. There was a fresh yet seductive charm on her face.
I can’t see the woman in the white robe that turned Madam Sharon into a
Demoness… It might be because my psychic ability is still lacking… Klein
reined back his thoughts and redirected his attention to what was before his
eyes.
Madam Sharon flipped her hair, and water droplets glided down her cheeks.
She looked towards the man who was waiting on the bed as she giggled and
said, “Do you need me to take care of Maynard?”
The middle-aged man on the bed creased his eyebrows and shook his head.
“Not unless you can guarantee that there won’t be any traces left behind.
But that’s impossible; besides, what means do you have?”
Looking at the man before him, Klein was taken aback at first before
suddenly feeling that it was within expectations.
The middle-aged man’s photo often appeared on the front page of the
Tingen City Honest Paper and other newspapers. He was the current mayor
that was looking to be re-elected, a member of Conservative Party.
Madam Sharon smiled but didn’t delve deeper into the topic. Her robe was
halfway up her legs, and she walked gracefully to the side of the bed.
The scenery before him changed one after another until Klein saw many
Members of Parliament, businessmen, and civil servants who appeared on
the newspaper occasionally.
They would either discuss how to receive donations, bribe voters by going
around the Campaign Act, or promise protection and solve problems. In the
entire development, Madam Sharon acted as a broker.
This is actually a documentary, right… “Tour the Upper Circles of Tingen
with Madam Sharon”… Well, but why are there so many bed scenes…
Many nobles and Members of Parliament knew that Madam Sharon had
many lovers, so why did they look like they couldn’t resist the temptation…
Was this an ability of Madam Sharon’s Sequence? Klein watched
thoughtfully as he speculated.
Through the divination earlier, he was certain that none of the guys in
Tingen’s upper circles knew of Madam Sharon’s true identity, nor did they
collude with her to murder Maynard.
In other words, Maynard’s death was Madam Sharon’s own decision? Why?
She had no reason to take the risk.
Of course, from Madam Sharon’s perspective, she possessed the Beyonder
power to interfere in divination, and she could also create a sudden death
from sexual pleasure and make the death appear natural and accidental.
Killing Maynard wasn’t something risky that would expose her identity, but
she clearly lacks a motive. It doesn’t match the risk involved!
Could it be one of the requirements of her “acting?” But she could
definitely find someone whose identity and status wasn’t as sensitive. Then,
the case wouldn’t have fallen to the Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, or
the Machinery Hivemind.
The most important point was that Madam Sharon should’ve been able to
tell that Maynard’s wife hated her and was extremely indignant. That made
it highly likely that someone would be sent to investigate her, so why didn’t
she move those sensitive items like the white bone statue away? She could
have buried it in the garden or something.
Was she so confident in the security of her safe and its hidden
compartment?
Amidst his suspicion, Klein saw that Madam Sharon’s spirit had yet to
disperse. He seized the opportunity to do another dream divination.
This time, his divination involved: “Madam Sharon’s true motive for killing
John Maynard.”
After he recited it in silence, Klein entered a dream once again and saw a
new scene.
Madam Sharon held a glass of red wine which resembled blood. In her
loose sleeping gown, she was pacing back and forth in her room. Finally,
she drank the rest of the wine in one gulp, as though she had decided on
something.
The scene dispersed quickly, leaving Klein even more confused since
Maynard’s death looked like Madam Sharon had volunteered to do it
without anyone’s instigation.
“That’s weird…” Klein muttered to himself and used another few
divination statements. But the answers were no different.
Seeing that Madam Sharon was growing transparent and illusory, signifying
that she was going to disappear soon, Klein thought and made final contact
with the dead spirit.
“Sequence potion formula of the Demoness pathway.
“Sequence potion formula of the Demoness pathway.”
…
Klein recited the new divination statement. With the aid of Cogitation, he
got into his dream very quickly.
At first, he didn’t want to do the divination because he felt that the
Demoness pathway only spread disaster and created pain. Even if he
obtained a corresponding potion formula, he was unwilling to sell it to
anyone and indirectly become a murderer.
Then, he recalled another matter from before. With his understanding of the
Spectator potion, he had been able to suspect and verify that Daxter
Guderian was a member of the Psychology Alchemists.
So, in order to better fight against the Demonesses in the future, he’d to
learn more of the traits of their Sequence pathway.
Yes, after Hood Eugen’s death, Daxter Guderian has yet to contact me. I’m
guessing the Psychology Alchemists sent some stronger members for an
investigation, and he hasn’t dared to make any moves… As Klein’s thoughts
flashed, he saw the dark hall again. He saw the woman in the holy white
robe again.
Madam Sharon hung her head low, and she could only see the other
woman’s legs, a pair of flawless legs.
Soon, she heard a melodious voice.
“Pleasure, that is the name of the Sequence 6 potion, the goal that you are
about to advance to. If you succeed, you’ll be a Demoness of Pleasure.
“When pleasure is irresistible and impossible to break away from, it’s a
form of agony. This is also a maxim that you have to live by.
“As long as you complete your advancement, besides the enhancement of
your various abilities as a Witch, you’ll also become more beautiful,
making you better at seduction and providing unforgettable pleasure to the
same or opposite sex during love-making. You’ll be able to make strange
threads like a spider and utilize them.”
Immediately following that, an ancient silver book appeared before Madam
Sharon. After it was opened, there was the formula and ingredients placed
separately.
“Main ingredients: A pair of Succubus eyes, an adult Black Widow Spider
Silk Gland.
“Supplementary ingredients: 100 ml of purified water, 5 drops of Black
Jimsonweed juice, the complete remnants of a Succubus’s hair, 10 grams of
Feynapotter Fly Powder, and 5 grams of real Mummy ashes.”
The scene changed again. It was the same hall, the same long white robe,
and the same woman with indistinguishable features. But now, the
difference was that Madam Sharon had returned to her original state. She
was now the young man in the picture from before.
A melodious female voice reverberated in his ears.
“This is the name of the Sequence 7 potion, I’m sure you’re surprised.”
“Yes, I still can’t believe it’s called Witch!” “Madam Sharon” said in a
rather agitated manner.
“Remember, if we want to get closer to the Primordial, we have to be more
and more like ‘Her.’ She’s a woman, so we have to be women too,” The
melodious female voice replied. “Either you give up or you accept. After
you become a Witch, you’ll become a true woman, and your appearance
and charm will be enhanced substantially. You’ll have the ability to turn
invisible and use substitutes. You’ll gain a rudimentary mastery of various
dark magic, you’ll be skilled at disrupting the divination of others, and
you’ll also gain the favor of the black flame and icy frost.
“The main ingredients are every drop of an Abyss Demonic Fish’s blood
and an Agate Peacock’s egg.
“The supplementary ingredients are 80 ml of purified water, five drops of
Jimsonweed juice, 3 scales of a Shadow Lizard, and 10 drops of Daffodil
Juice.”
…
Scenes continued to play, one after another, and Klein saw the Instigator
and Assassin formula and understood their corresponding traits.
Just as he wanted to continue the divination, Madam Sharon’s spirit
dispersed completely.
Klein stopped the ritual and returned to reality. He packed up the
ingredients, removed the wall of spirituality, and told Dunn Smith about the
outcome of his mediumship without holding back any information. Then, he
expressed his suspicions on Madam Sharon’s murder of Maynard.
“Pleasure doesn’t require her to kill anyone of a higher rank or position in
society… Hmm, we need to investigate where Madam Sharon has been
over the past few years and understand her origins. We need to look for the
dark hall that you saw. Of course, this will need to be reported to the Holy
Cathedral, and they can assign investigators accordingly. We can’t leave
Tingen as we wish.” Dunn nodded slightly and looked around. He said, “Go
to the first floor, check if those servants are still in deep sleep. If anyone is
awake, bring them over and make them sign a confidentiality contract as
per protocol. I’ll be in charge of the second floor.”
He found a black cloth and covered the Sealed Artifact 3-0271.
Upon hearing that, Klein suddenly understood why the intense battle hadn’t
brought the servants over—the Captain had sent them into a deep sleep
from the very beginning.
Klein’s body was still cold and stiff. He had to slow down and move
forward in very, very light steps.
When he passed the bedroom door, he extended his hand and pulled out the
two Tarot cards at the door. He wiped them and put them back into his
pocket.
After he left the room, he walked towards the stairway.
After taking a few steps, he suddenly thought of a question—how would he
make sure that the person was in a deep sleep?
Check with divination one by one? That’d be troublesome… The Captain is
a Nightmare; he should be an expert in this. I’ll have to ask him if he has
any fast and simple methods.
With this in mind, Klein turned around walked towards the bedroom door,
step by step, as he fought against the cold and stiffness in his body.
Before he came close, he looked through the ajar door and saw the shattered
pieces of the angled full-body mirror.
There were still large shards of the mirror clinging to the frame, all the size
of a palm.
In the cracked mirror, Dunn Smith, in his black windbreaker, was kneeling
beside Kenley’s dead body, doing something.
Suddenly, he lifted his head. His gray eyes were deep, and the corners of his
lips were tainted with crimson blood.
Crimson blood.
Without thinking, Klein turned around, left the side of the door, and leaned
his back against the wall.