Chapter 375

: An “Evil God’s” Impressive Act
1, 2, 3, 4, 5… I think there were twelve pairs of wings… According to the
canon descriptions of the various Churches, that’s an angel of the highest
rank… Fors tried to recall what she had seen in her reverie. She was both
shocked and not that shocked, as if what she had encountered was a
shocking event that she had previously taken for granted but had simply
never encountered before.
It isn’t surprising that Mr. Fool has the services of an angel. From the fact
that Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man occasionally use the word “Him” to
refer to him, one can imagine so. The fact that he’s able to isolate the effects
of the moon’s ravings allows me to infer… However, my request was only to
interfere with Mr. Lawrence’s divination; yet, “He” actually made an Angel
protect me. Isn’t this too extravagant? Or is this a routine act for “Him”?
Uh, one more problem. Why are the feathers on the angel’s wings black?
Does this signify degeneracy or Death? What is the true identity of Mr.
Fool? Which great being is “He”? Death who was rumored to have died in
the Pale Era? “He” wishes to be reborn through the Tarot Gatherings?
Fors suddenly took a deep breath, completely unconcerned that the
gentleman named Lawrence would find anything wrong with her through
his divination.
On the realization that she had already joined the Tarot Club, she smiled
wryly and whispered silently, I can only do as Emperor Roselle said, “Take
things one step at a time…”
After gathering her thoughts, Fors humbly thanked Mr. Fool once more.
Following the normal process of a ritual, she extinguished the three candles’
flame and began to clear the altar which was filled with all kinds of items.
…
Above the gray fog, Klein temporarily put the matter of the Abraham family
at the back of his mind.
According to his original plan, he conjured a pen and paper and wrote the
following divination statement: “Daisy’s current situation.”
Putting the fountain pen away, Klein stacked Daisy’s vocabulary book and
the piece of paper with the divination statement on it and held them in his
left hand.
Then, leaning back in his chair, he entered a state of Cogitation, reciting the
words “Daisy’s current situation” over and over again.
After seven times, Klein fell asleep, his eyes black with a hint of red before
grayness surfaced in them.
One scene after another began to flash. Some were contiguous, some had
gaps, and some were completely incoherent.
Klein saw Liv’s youngest daughter, a thirteen- or fourteen-year-old girl who
persisted despite being repeatedly scalded. She was dragged into a remote
alley by a man wearing a heavy jacket and a grayish-black cap after he
covered her mouth with a handkerchief from behind.
Another man, who was dressed the same, took her legs, and they lifted her
as they quickly walked away.
Their destination was the carriage parked outside the alley.
The whole incident was over in less than two minutes, and by the time
Daisy’s sister, Freja, returned to search for Daisy, the carriage was already
gone.
…
Within the carriage, a sharp, ice-cold dagger was held to the muddleheaded
Daisy’s face, and lewd threats rang in her ears.
…
The carriage drove into the luxurious villa.
…
Daisy was in a small, dark room, and from time to time, the sound of
women’s cries, screams, and curses echoed outside.
…
Daisy woke up and cried out for help, but the door was opened, and she was
kicked away. The pain made it impossible for her to get up.
She wept as she constantly cried for “Mother” and “Freja.”
…
Klein opened his eyes and realized that the paper he held in his left hand
had already been crumpled by his tight grip.
He had established that Capim was the mastermind behind the many
disappearances of young ladies and that he was the boss of a criminal
organization.
The problem, however, was that the case shouldn’t and couldn’t involve
powerful Beyonder forces. At most, there would be a few money-hungry
Beyonders at Sequence 7, 8, or 9 that were helping out. It wouldn’t have
made Klein’s spiritual intuition give him warnings of intense danger the
moment he approached the villa.
Is Capim himself a Sequence 6 or even Sequence 5 Beyonder? However, it’s
not difficult for a Beyonder of this level to earn money. There’s no need to
do such dirty and complicated matters. He just has to find all the gangs and
collect protection fees via a protection racket… It would be easy, and it
wouldn’t dirty his hands… Could there be some hidden plot behind Capim’s
human trafficking? As he pondered, Klein used the power of the gray fog to
restore Daisy’s vocabulary book to its original state.
After a few seconds of silence, he took out another piece of goatskin and
wrote a new divination statement: “Saving Daisy is a dangerous matter.”
After reading it carefully twice, Klein removed the spirit pendulum from his
left wrist, letting the topaz pendant fall and hang above the surface of the
paper, almost to the point of touching the statement.
After taking a few seconds to compose himself, he closed his eyes and
began to recite the divination statement he had just written.
When he finished reciting it, Klein opened his eyes and looked at the
pendulum in his left hand.
The topaz pendant was rotating clockwise at a fairly fast frequency and
with a rather high amplitude!
This meant that saving Daisy was a rather dangerous act!
However, it isn’t one of total despair. There’s still a possibility, a significant
chance of success, as long as I can seize it… Klein deciphered the
revelation from the spirit pendulum.
He leaned back in his chair, closed his eyes, and said with a self-deprecating
smile, Wasn’t I looking for an opportunity to perform?
This is it!
As a Magician, I have to challenge something of a higher difficulty.
Otherwise, I would be called a Trickmaster and not a Magician.
Completing the seemingly impossible, even if the outcome is nothing but an
illusion, that’s the image of a magician in my heart. As for whether it’s one
of the rules or not, I still need confirmation…
Klein tapped the edge of the ancient table and quickly made his decision.
To him, the most troubling thing about saving Daisy and dealing with
Capim was that he didn’t know anything about Capim. He didn’t know how
many other Beyonders were in the villa or the Sequences and pathways they
had.
This made Klein unable to make specific preparations.
And for a Magician, the first rule was: “Never perform unprepared!”
Many seemingly impromptu performances actually involved significant
preparations. For example, long periods of practice or thorough mastery of
diverting attention away from the situation.
Should I get Miss Justice’s help to learn more about Capim’s background
for my adorer? Klein seriously considered the options available to him.
However, he quickly rejected this idea.
No, I won’t be able to receive detailed information. Although Capim is
involved with many powerful figures and the wealthy, it’s not something that
can be publicized. Miss Justice will, at most, learn of the nobles, Members
of Parliament, or civil servants which he is involved with, but she won’t be
able to determine how many Beyonders are in his villa, much less the traps
or the layout…
Through the clues from these connections, Miss Justice might be able to
figure out what I wish to know given a few weeks time, but that’s too slow.
Rescuing Daisy needs to be done as soon as possible. Any delays will result
in a tragedy.
Klein’s eyes swept across the surface of the long bronze table and onto the
junk pile in the corner. His mind began to formulate an idea.
On the one hand, I can get Miss Magician and her friend, Miss Xio, to
investigate Capim’s background and determine which Beyonders he has ties
with. The two ladies are very well connected in East Borough, several
gangs, and a considerable number of Beyonder circles. On the other hand, I
can take action by myself. I can obtain information from the servants or
bodyguards that come out from Capim’s villa via mediumship.
After finalizing his plan, Klein was in no hurry to get help from Miss
Magician. He decided to try doing it by himself first so that he could find
out more about the matter in a targeted manner.
In the blink of an eye, his figure disappeared from the towering palace
above the gray fog.
…
After lunch, a man wearing a grayish-black cap and a thick cotton coat
cautiously left from the back door of Capim’s villa. He walked all the way
to a crossroad and got into a rental carriage.
“East Borough.” He touched the dark red birthmark on his face and
instructed the carriage driver.
The carriage began to move, and the man looked out of the window with a
bored expression, admiring the beautiful ladies and young ladies on the
streets.
“If only we could kidnap them…” The man let his imagination run wild as
he revealed a regretful expression.
When he was far from Iris Street, he suddenly shivered, and his eyes
became slightly dazed.
He knocked on the wall and said to the carriage driver, “Stop, stop! I forgot
something. Here will do.”
The carriage driver didn’t dare to reprimand the ferocious man. He didn’t
even mutter as he stopped the carriage by the side of the street and allowed
him to alight.
After paying six pence for the ride, the man retraced the direction in which
he came for dozens of meters before entering a cheap hotel.
Without the need for any proof of identity, he paid for a room.
After entering, he left the door ajar without locking it.
Then, the man sat on the edge of the bed with a deadpan expression.
Suddenly, a transparent and illusory figure separated from his body!
It was none other than Klein who was dressed as a worker!
He had used the method of summoning himself to transform into a Spirit
Body and had attached himself to this man’s body, allowing him to walk to
a convenient location for mediumship!
After knocking the man out, Klein’s spirit form disappeared from the room.
Not long after, the door was pushed open, and he walked into the room in
his corporeal form.
Using a wall of spirituality to seal the place, Klein quickly set up a
mediumship ritual, allowing the alluring scent of Amantha extract and Eye
of the Spirit medicine to emanate in the surroundings.
After finishing his preparations and just as he was about to start the
mediumship, he suddenly exclaimed and stopped his actions.
He discovered that the Spirit Body of the man who was unconscious on the
bed had a mysterious, unknown restriction. If he forcefully did the
mediumship, although there was a high probability of success, it would
activate the seal and cause some Beyonder to notice this occurrence!
This would end up alerting the enemy!
Such a strange Beyonder power… Very cautious and very careful… What
Capim is involved in isn’t simple at all… Klein took a few steps forward,
frowning slightly.
He glanced at the unconscious man and suddenly chuckled.
“Do you think you can stop me with just this?”
He quickly suspended the ritual, summoned himself again, and responded
to himself.
A few seconds later, he flew out of the candle’s flame in his Spirit Body
form and floated in the room once more.
Without any hesitation, Klein, in his Spirit Body form, suddenly
approached and possessed the unconscious man.
The man suddenly sat up and opened his eyes; his expression appeared
lifeless.
He straightened his body, walked to the front of the altar, step by step, and
then chanted in a low voice, “The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era,
“You are the mysterious ruler above the gray fog;
“You are the King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.”