Chapter 930

Former Organization
“Ince Zangwill.”
Upon hearing the name, all the Red Gloves present fell silent. Not a single
one spoke for a moment.
Ever since this former bishop betrayed and fled the Church, the Church of
Evernight had never relaxed its pursuit of him. Archbishops and high-
ranking deacons who took up high posts had taken turns being responsible
for searching for him. They helped each other, often bringing the relevant
Sealed Artifacts everywhere to search for clues about him. But ultimately,
they were unable to lock onto Ince Zangwill. He slipped away as a result of
all kinds of coincidences, his shadow wasn’t even noticed. Furthermore, he
had caused several major events that killed many Nighthawks.
To the Church of Evernight, especially the Nighthawks, he was someone
they hated that had also insulted them!
Without realizing it, Leonard Mitchell had already clenched his hanging
fists as his breathing grew deeper.
He soon forced himself to extricate himself from the sudden emotions that
emerged within him. He turned his attention to something else.
It was no wonder Dwayne Dantès was able to meet Ince Zangwill on
Waypoint Island in the Berserk Sea. It was because the latter’s goal was
also the Southern Continent—East Balam!
Amidst everyone’s silence, Daly Simone immediately used her Spirit Body
to emit an ethereal voice without any obvious changes. With some coldness,
she spoke at a quickened pace:
“Where are they meeting?”
The Numinous Episcopate member shook his head blankly.
“I don’t know.”
Daly raised a few more questions, but she didn’t get an ideal reply.
Finally, she took a step back and cast her eyes at the Red Gloves team
captain, Soest.
Soest sighed and deliberated over his words before saying, “First, we need
to inform this piece of intel to Her Excellency, Goddess’s Eye. We shall
leave it to her to contact the Holy Cathedral. Ince, who has 0-08 with him,
isn’t someone a Red Gloves team can handle.
“Second, we should continue investigating and follow this clue pertaining
to Palenque Taciblius. Let’s hope that we can figure out Ince Zangwill’s
motives. With the situation of us not being able to track him or lock onto
him, grasping his motives is more important than knowing where he is.
Perhaps, it can help us set up a trap that he has no choice but to step into.
“Finally, from now on, everyone is to take note of any coincidences.
Regardless of the reason, they are to be reported to me!”
“Yes, Captain!” the Red Glove members replied in unison. Leonard
maintained his silence as he turned his head to glance at Daly Simone. He
found that this Gatekeeper who addressed herself as a Spirit Medium was
similarly silent. Her gaze was dark.
At the same time, he heard Pallez Zoroast’s slightly-aged voice resound in
his mind:
“Heh heh, from the looks of it, I’ll be witnessing a play of running and
pursuing.”
What does Old Man mean? Is he hinting at something? We just decided to
start investigations on Ince Zangwill’s motives, and it’s already known by
0-08? Leonard looked away and suddenly had an idea.
If a person who is already dead was to secretly do the relevant
investigation, would he be able to avoid 0-08’s notice?
After two hours of sleep, Klein rubbed his still throbbing head and slowly
got out of bed.
Following that, he pulled the bell by the side of the door and waited for an
attendant to arrive.
Before long, a native deliberately dressed in Loen attire—a white shirt and
red vest-knocked on the door.
Klein twisted the handle and opened a tiny gap in the door. He instructed
with a hoarse voice, “Send another lunch set to the room. I had my meal too
early.”
At that instant, he already looked like the tanned Enzo. As a gentleman
living in a luxurious room with two servants, it was impossible for him to
personally instruct the attendant at the door.
“Yes sir, a lunch set. Any special requests?” The native attendant took out
some paper and a pen and began recording as he asked with a rather strange
Loenese accent.
Klein used an equally odd Loenese accent.
“With braised meat as the main dish, match it with a cup of sparkling wine
with ice and lemon.”
“Do I include two servant meals?” the native attendant asked, following the
usual procedure.
Klein was silent for two seconds before saying, “Yes.”
After ending the conversation, he closed the door and quickly set up a
ritual, bringing back Enzo and Ludwell from above the gray fog to the real
world. As for Creeping Hunger and Word of the Sea, he temporarily left
them in the junk pile. One of them was starving, and the other could hardly
resist the urge to sing.
After Klein controlled the marionettes to clean up his room, a few
attendants came to deliver lunch. Soon, the entire room was filled with the
sounds of cutlery hitting the plate and a soft chewing sound.
After some time, Klein put down his cutlery, picked up his napkin, and
wiped his mouth. In satisfaction, he leaned backward and shook his head
helplessly.
“If this continues, I’ll really become fat…”
The two marionettes had already lost the ability to eat, but to conceal that
fact, Klein had no choice but to add servant meals. With him unwilling to
see food go to waste, he could only try to eat as much as he
could.
“… Thankfully I’m a Faceless.” Klein covered his mouth as he burped
before drinking the last bit of sparkling wine.
Only at this moment did he feel like he had recovered. He now had the
energy to consider the various details of his trip to Calderón City.
The Marauder pathway is truly terrifying. Just a charm created from a
Worm of Time is able to achieve such incredulous effects. As a King of
Angels, it’s obvious how terrifying Blasphemer Amon is. Even an avatar
isn’t easy to deal with… Thankfully, I didn’t put on a brave front. I knew to
mimic those with experience and directly fled to the Southern Continent…
The True Creator places a great importance on me. “He” directly got Tail
Devourer Ouroboros to rush over…
This does have a feeling of traveling across time. The angels on ancient
murals are just walking out and standing before me. Thankfully, I was still
able to directly end the summoning.
Just as Klein thought of this, his expression sank as he discovered a serious
problem:
Ouroboros is a King of Angels from the Monster pathway!
This also meant that “He” could directly see the uniqueness about him.
“He” could see the grayish-white fog and see the illusory door formed of
spherical lights and the transparent and translucent maggots that formed the
spherical lights!
What does this actually imply? The Angel of Fate who has survived since
the Second Epoch should know something. And the True Creator probably
knows more… Could “They” be able to tell that I’m the master of the
mysterious space above the gray fog? Regardless, the importance “They”
place on me will rise! Klein clenched his right fist and put it to
Order or Rose Redemption might take.
He felt lucky that, be it Rose Redemption or the Aurora Order, they had yet
to lock onto any of The Fool’s believers.
However, during the chaotic battle outside Bayam, when he was still active
as Gehrman Sparrow, he had thrown out the Tinder glove, which had been
corrupted by the True Creator, to attempt to attract a saint from the Aurora
Order. This might very well have led to the crazy adventurer to enter the
suspect list.
From the clues extending outward from Gehrman Sparrow, there’s Admiral
of Stars, Vice Admiral Iceberg, Danitz, and Anderson. All of them will be
investigated by the Aurora Order. I have to warn them. Klein slowly
exhaled and stood up, prepared to head above the gray fog.
From his point of view, the pursuit of Gehrman Sparrow by the military,
Church of Storms, Rose School of Thought, and Numinous Episcopate were
all different. The True Creator’s believers were rather crazy and had a King
of Angels, a leader who was good at prying into the secrets of fate, active in
the real world. This way, it didn’t matter if Cattleya and company were at
sea, making it difficult to be locked on. There was still the risk of them
being found.
Among them, Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina and the Fog Sea’s Strongest
Hunter Anderson weren’t people Klein was worried too much about. They
knew little, nothing that pointed towards the core problem. Nothing much
would happen aside from the need to consider whether the bunch of lunatics
of the Aurora Order would employ extreme methods in the interrogation
process.
West Balam, Northern State. In the Cookawa City ruled by Maysanchez.
Danitz, who was chewing on roasted meat, paused suddenly. He heard Mr.
Fool pass him the warning from Gehrman Sparrow.
“Be careful of the Numinous Episcopate. Be careful of the Aurora Order,
especially the latter. Pay special attention. Also, warn Anderson Hood as
well as Edwina Edwards.”
Be careful of the Numinous Episcopate… Be careful of the Aurora Order…
How many has it been… The military, Church of Storms, Church of
Evernight, Rose School of Thought… What did Gehrman Sparrow do?
Why has he offended so many factions? Dogsh*t! Danitz’s expression froze
before grimacing.
He had no idea that the strongest person of the seven pirate admirals had
changed.
Opposite him, Anderson put down the knife he used to slice meat, pricked
up his brows, and curiously asked, “Have you recalled something?”
Danitz secretly took a deep breath and asked after some deliberation, “Have
you heard of the Aurora Order?”
He wasn’t sure if Anderson knew. After all, the Aurora Order was a rather
secretive organization in the beginning. Its reputation was later build up in
the Loen Kingdom.
Anderson chuckled.
“I’m actually more surprised that you know of them. Did your captain tell
you?”
Without waiting for Danitz to answer, he combed his short hair with his
finger and continued, “They believe that the Creator is omnipresent.
Everything has godhood. They believe that life is nothing but a spiritual
journey. As long as one is willing to listen to their preachings, understand,
discover, and gather the godhood, they will eventually become angels to
transcend reality.
“Such an idea doesn’t sound bad, but that’s not the main point. The main
point is that they believe in the True Creator…”
Upon hearing that, Danitz couldn’t help but jeer:
“You know quite a bit, just slightly less than I know.”
Anderson immediately curled the ends of his mouth and said with a
beaming smile, “Of course.
“I once joined an organization in Intis. They hoped to change society, the
world, to make the supernatural no longer secret and to be out in the open
for everyone to see, so as to become true rulers.
“They’re called the Iron and Blood Cross Order, and they also believe in the
True Creator.”
Danitz’s expression froze as cold sweat oozed out of his forehead.