Chapter 1119

: 1119 Tacit Cooperation
1119 Tacit Cooperation
Upon hearing the Chiefs words, Shepherd Lovia immediately raised her
question:
“Just like the two Silver Knights at the front gate of the King’s Court. It
won’t take the initiative to attack targets outside a certain range?”
Colin Iliad nodded slightly and said, “At least that’s how it seems to be at
the moment.”
They were already near the exit, but the guard outside had no reaction.
This meant that the other party didn’t possess real intelligence or
spirituality. It was very likely that they were objects that came to life.
Without waiting for the other members to speak, Demon Hunter Colin
continued, “Huge, heavy…”
After obtaining the corresponding information, the City of Silver’s group
formed a tacit understanding. A team opened up a distance from the exit,
but they faced towards the door. It was protected by Shepherd Elder Lovia.
As the bait to attract the guards, a team took the corresponding holy oil
from the Chief and smeared it across the ground at the exit. Haim, who held
the Unshadowed Crucifix, and Demon Hunter Colin stood by the side of the
door and used the stone columns to hide.
Then, Colin Iliad sheathed one of his swords onto his back and took out a
small metal bottle, gulping down the liquid inside.
His aura rapidly faded away and wasn’t obvious anymore. If one didn’t
look closely, they wouldn’t be able to discover his existence.
This was another set up. Haim was in the open, while the Demon Hunter
was hidden.
After another ten seconds, Shepherd Lovia stretched out her right hand and
grabbed at thin air.
Her silver-gray hair was dyed a deep blue color.
The wind howled as the grayish-blue door opened.
Right on the heels of that, heavy footsteps could be heard, causing the entire
hall to shake.
A “giant” covered in iron-colored armor rushed into the hall with a halberd
in hand.
Its exposed parts didn’t show any flesh or blood, as though they were made
of metal. Behind the black mask was a dark red glow.
If it didn’t move and stood there, it wouldn’t be any different from a statue.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
The shaking in the hall became more and more obvious. The giant statue
suddenly threw out the halberd in its hand, stirring up a hurricane that tore
towards Derrick and company at the door.
Boom!
The halberd struck an invisible barrier as the illusory ripples rapidly spread
out.
In front of Shepherd Lovia, an illusory figure that wore silver armor had
appeared at some point in time. It stabbed its greatsword into the crack on
the floor.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
The giant statue didn’t stop as it ran into the hall.
At that moment, a whistling sound was heard under its feet as its massive
body jerked backward.
It had stepped on the spot that was smeared with holy oil.
As the giant statue fell, the crimson light in its eye suddenly bloomed as an
invisible force appeared and held it up. Suddenly, a blinding white light
shot out from the Unshadowed Crucifix, accurately hitting the giant statue’s
only eye. The dark red color dimmed.
Demon Hunter Colin leaped up and held the same sword with both hands,
plunging it down like an eagle swooping down at its prey.
Dawn appeared as they converged on the straight sword, making it
exceptionally huge. It even exceeded Colin Iliad’s height.
With a poof, the bright sword pierced through the gap in the giant statue’s
armor, stabbing into its eye.
A flood of light from the dawn rushed in.
With his hands still gripping the hilt of his sword, Colin Iliad exerted more
force. As the giant statue fell to the ground, he pulled out his sword and
leaped to the side.
The giant statue lay at the door as its body emitted cracking sounds until it
finally all movement.
Without looking at it again, Colin turned to look outside the door. After a
few seconds, he said, “There are no other guards for now. We can handle
this statue.”
Derrick and company quickly surrounded the giant statue and skillfully
searched for materials.
Above the gray fog, Klein watched the entire battle from the sidelines and
was deeply impressed by the City of Silver’s teamwork.
According to his observation, it was unknown what metal the giant statue
was made of. Its surface was covered with armor that had shocking
defensive strength. It could completely ignore most attacks in battle, and it
was very difficult to deal with.
Furthermore, this giant statue didn’t have any “spirit.” In other words, it
was immune to the Beyonder powers of the corresponding domain, such as
Spirit Body Threads control, Hypnotism, Frenzy, and Nightmare. It was like
a walking fortress that made one suspect that it was the work of the
Goddess of Harvest.
Klein believed that, if he were in their shoes, with the core powers of a
Bizarro Sorcerer being useless, he could only rely on his two marionettes’
powers to deal with the giant statue. He had no idea how the battle would
develop.
The “Distortion” and “Disorder” powers of an Earl of The Fallen might be
effective, but I might not be able to finish it as fast as the City of Silver’s
expedition team… A team of Beyonders with a tacit understanding would
be able to produce the effect of “1 +1 > 2.” Yes, that Chiefs confidence in
timing, as well as his decisiveness in his attack, was also key… Klein
nodded slightly, feeling a sense of admiration.
If this were really a livestream, then he might not be able to help but send a
gift as a tip.
Of course, there was a high chance that it was just a thought.
After taking away the most valuable item on the giant statue, the City of
Silver’s expedition team proceeded forward. They followed the corridor
outside and entered another hall.
Just like that, they weaved through the layers of palaces, towers, and
different corridors, in an attempt to find more clues, as well as the entrance
to the sea as described by the outsider, Jack.
Regardless of whether they believed the boy’s words, they couldn’t help but
look forward to the dark blue sea behind the Giant King’s Court. On the
other side of the sea, there were kingdoms where humans flourished. There,
there were no monsters hidden in the darkness. The sun rose and set, and
lightning only appeared when it rained. People had all sorts of food there.
During this process, the City of Silver’s expedition team didn’t encounter
many enemies. Most of them were statues that had come to life. A small
number of them were evil spirits formed by the combination of remnant
emotions and the power of dusk. The latter was unable to put up any
resistance against the Unshadowed Crucifix.
That’s normal… The Fool Klein above the gray fog nodded slightly,
expressing his acceptance of the current situation. After the Giant King
perished, this place already belonged to the ancient sun god. It’s unlikely
that there will be a large number of giant powerhouses and mystical items
left behind… When the Kings of Angels were conspiring, they definitely
eliminated any unnecessary troubles ahead of time… Once the ancient sun
god was eaten up, the ownership of this place was a mystery. Perhaps, it
was abandoned…
In short, there aren’t many foreseeable demigods or items. Well, without the
Unshadowed Crucifix, those evil spirits will be very troublesome. The City
of Silver’s expedition team might not be able to advance so smoothly,
making it impossible for them to advance so far unless an angel leads a
team or activates a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact…
When the Unshadowed Crucifix returned to Derrick, the City of Silver’s
expedition team was already very close to the tallest building in the Giant
King’s Court.
The dusk here was extremely dense, as though it came from that palace.
“Once we leave this hall, we should come to the wing of the Giant King’s
residence.” Demon Hunter Colin got his bearings and direction before
pointing ahead.
Shepherd Elder Lovia nodded. Finally, there was some irresistible hope in
her expression.
Derrick’s heart beat faster, and he could no longer control his excitement.
Then, he was “Placated” by Antiona.
After composing themselves, the people from the City of Silver entered the
hall in front of them and saw that there were oil paintings hanging on both
sides.
These oil paintings depicted different giants. Some held bone flutes, some
carried wind chimes, while others carried a seven-stringed guitar that
matched their height.
As the City of Silver’s expedition team arrived, the giants in the oil painting
suddenly came to life. They began playing their instruments, producing a
beautiful tune.
The light of dusk in the hall lit up a little. More and more food appeared on
the long tables around them as they glowed with a tempting glisten,
effusing a very tempting fragrance.
Roasted chicken… Roasted goose… Fish with honey baste… Is this a
dinner banquet for the Giant King’s Court? But aren’t the sizes of those
chickens, geese, goats, and fish too large… The work of the Goddess of
Harvest? With a glance, Klein confirmed that the food that appeared was an
illusion. After all, the Giant King’s Court no longer had any ingredients, nor
did it possess anyone who could “envision” or create them.
“This… this is normal food?” Haim, who was holding Thunder God’s Roar,
stared straight at one of the long tables. His Adam’s apple bobbed.
“Maybe.” Derrick sniffed and couldn’t help but swallow a mouthful of
saliva.
Apart from the black-faced grass, they had never seen normal food. The
meat that the monsters roasted was of different colors, but they also tasted
equally as bad. It could even poison them.
Demon Hunter Colin stared for a few seconds before sighing.
“They’re all fake. Don’t come into contact with them, or there might be
unnecessary accidents.”
Other than Lovia, the team from the City of Silver retracted their gaze with
great difficulty. They followed the Chief all the way to the exit of the hall.
After a series of inspections, Colin Iliad inserted his swords into the ground
and pushed open the heavy door.
A crack appeared as rich orange light shone inside.
As the gap grew bigger, the towering palace gradually became clear.
Then, the people from the City of Silver heard a crashing sound.
At this moment, Colin drew out a sword and suppressed the restlessness in
his team members’ hearts.
He then drew out his other sword and slowly walked out of the hall. Derrick
and the others followed cautiously.
After completely bathing in the light of dusk, they looked to the left at the
same time. There were railings formed from stone pillars.
Beyond the railings, there was an orange-red cloud that was gently ebbing
at the distance. On the endless swath of dark blue, they emitted crashing
sounds.
There was no need for anyone to explain. At the same time, the members of
the City of Silver’s exploration team recalled the records in the book and
Jack’s description. A term flashed in their minds:
“The sea.”