Chapter 1253

I Wish You Well
Only when Klein was about to reach the end of the flight of stone steps did
the two Silver Knights guards outside the Giant King’s Court react.
They turned their heads as the orange glow behind their visors flashed
twice, as though it was confirming the identity of the visitor. Furthermore,
they had a moment of confusion.
Half of Klein’s face was normal, and the other half was terrifying. The right
side of his mouth curled up exaggeratedly. The transparent maggots on his
left slowly twisted, revealing a frightening and indifferent smile.
Thud!
With his right foot crossing the final step, he arrived at the platform where
the Giant King’s Court was located.
Suddenly, a silvery-white crack appeared on Klein’s forehead as countless
silver rays emitted from his body.
His entire body instantly shattered into pieces of flesh and blood.
These fragments floated up and quickly thinned and faded, turning into
paper shreds.
Klein in his top hat and black trench coat appeared one after another in
different spots. However, they were all ripped apart by the silver sword
beams. Some of them degenerated into illusions, while others turned into
paper figures.
At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared outside the main door of the
Giant King’s Court where two guards had disappeared.
It was a huge doll dressed in a dark and complicated long dress with evil
vines wrapped around it.
Reinette Tinekerr!
When Klein climbed up the stone steps, the person he summoned was none
other than Miss Messenger. However, “She” had appeared in Wraith form,
so Colin Iliad, Lovia, and Derrick didn’t see her.
At this moment, the two Silver Knights who had concealed their evil
intentions and were hiding with the help of the light were chasing Klein out
of instinct. They had already exposed their whereabouts after the angel-
level powerhouse’s prolonged observations.
Reinette Tinekerr’s bright red eyes immediately reflected a seemingly blank
area.
There was a flash of light, and a white rabbit suddenly jumped out of
nowhere. It bounced around and circled the area, its eyes abnormally vapid.
Immediately following that, Miss Messenger took a step forward and
disappeared.
In another area, the remaining knight in silver armor appeared. His actions
turned stiff and slow.
He had been possessed by a Wraith!
Klein, who had used himself as bait, stopped “Blinking.” He pressed his
hand to his chest and gave a very ceremonial bow.
“I’ve found the two of you. I wish you well.”
He straightened his body, raised his right hand, and snapped his fingers.
Boom!
The white-furred rabbit suddenly exploded, its flesh splattering all over the
ground.
Then, he walked towards the Silver Knight guard who tried his best to
struggle but to no avail.
When the two figures crossed each other, Reinette Tinekerr’s historical
projection returned to the fog of history, while the Silver Knight followed
closely behind Klein and very obediently returned to the edge of the stone
steps with him.
He had already become Klein’s marionette.
“We can enter.” Klein smiled as he said to Colin Iliad and the others at the
bottom of the stone stairs.
Derrick’s eyes lit up as he inwardly marveled.
Mr. World is really powerful. He managed to finish off two Silver Knight
guards single-handedly so quickly!
Colin Iliad turned his head to glance at Lovia. From her gaze, he could
sense her heavy emotions.
The City of Silver’s Chief had no change in expression. He held the two
swords that refracted the light of dawn and steadily walked up the stone
steps. He came to Klein’s side and whispered, “Mutant?”
Klein pressed down a Worm of Spirit that formed his left eye and smiled
without answering.
After Derrick and Lovia walked up the stairs, the four demigods and a
marionette turned and arrived at the main door of the Giant King’s Court.
During this process, Klein stowed away the Silver Knight Beyonder
characteristic that had seeped out from the rabbit.
This was a reward for Reinette Tinekerr.
According to the agreement between him and the angel, the spoils of war
that Klein had obtained from summoning a historical projection would be
split equally with Miss Messenger.
Reinette Tinekerr took the Beyonder characteristic, while Klein obtained a
Silver Knight marionette.
He looked up at the main door and made the Silver Knight guard, who was
much taller than him, take a few steps forward and insert the sword into the
ground.
Then, the Silver Knight bent down and stretched out his hands to press on
the door that was dozens of meters tall.
After a heavy screeching sound, the door with golden nails slowly opened.
At this moment, the “sun” in the sky leaped, and the entire Giant King’s
Court froze into an orange-red dusk.
The huge door opened faster and faster, and the scene inside was gradually
revealed to Klein and company.
A grayish-white figure was covered in orange-red light. Countless stairs
extended from behind the door all the way to the tallest and most
magnificent residence of the Giant King. On the way, there were no
obstacles. There were palaces and towers on both sides.
Giant statues covered in iron-colored armor stood in front of different
buildings, guarding the path that led to the residences of the god.
“It’s time for you to perform.” Klein turned his head to the side and gave an
exaggerated smile to Colin Iliad and Lovia.
The former Demon Hunter, Colin, nodded slightly without any objections.
Behind Lovia, an illusory figure covered in silver armor with dark red eyes
that was several meters tall appeared.
Pa! Pa! Pa!
The giant statues on both sides of the divine kingdom’s staircase emitted
silvery-white beams as they emitted shattering sounds.
The “silver flowers” that bloomed kept spreading upwards as if they were
welcoming the guests.
Before long, three Silver Knights—Colin Iliad, the soul “Grazed” by Lovia,
and the marionette controlled by Klein—cleared out the giant statues
guarding the divine kingdom’s staircase, leaving only the area closest to the
Giant King’s residence. They didn’t attempt it out of caution.
At that moment, two figures flew out of the Giant King’s palace and slid
towards the three Silver Knights.
One of them had a shadowed face, black, curly hair that reached its
shoulders, and a pair of black wings on its back. The other was a pure
shadow that distorted to the sides from time to time.
They were Enuni, who had mutated at some point in time, and Klein’s
shadow, who were both under the influence of the Dark Angel.
…
In the battlefield filled with thick fog, a layer of grayish-white dragon scales
suddenly appeared on Audrey’s body. This was a result of her seeing
something she shouldn’t see.
Even with the fog blocking her view, high-level creatures at the angel level
could still corrupt and damage living beings that saw “Them”!
As a demigod of the Spectator pathway, Audrey immediately retracted her
gaze and calmed her mind to control herself from losing control.
As her thoughts raced, she took a few steps back and used Psychological
Invisibility to hide in the thick fog. She was in no hurry to infiltrate the Intis
and Feysac allied forces camp.
She was waiting for an opportunity—one that she believed would definitely
appear.
Time passed by so slowly that Audrey imagined that it had stopped. After
an unknown period of time, she finally saw the fog over the allied forces’
base turn dark, like the sun plunging past the horizon. Night had begun to
rule this world.
Silently, the Intis, Feysac soldiers and officers closed their eyes and fell
asleep. This included many other Beyonders.
Audrey, who was hiding not far away, also fell asleep. However, as a
Dreamwalker who had been “Cued” in advance, she managed to stay lucid.
Then, without knowing how long the opportunity would last, she used
“Dream Traversal” to enter the Intis, Feysac allied forces base. She walked
among the soldiers and secretly left behind the seeds for a Mental Plague.
This “plague” could make the infected panic, fluster, and break down
emotionally. It was difficult to be placated with normal methods.
Hum!
The sound of a horn pierced through the gaps between reality and dreams,
shattering the hazy world and awakening the soldiers and officers.
Audrey didn’t hesitate. At the instant before the dream completely
shattered, she “traversed” to the other end of the camp, far away from the
group that had planted the seeds of Mental Plague.
In the next second, the dream world completely collapsed, forcing her back
into reality. She appeared at the borders of the Intis, Feysac allied forces
base.
Thud!
A silvery-white beam lit up, exploding beside Audrey, tearing apart the fog.
Audrey didn’t panic because being attacked was within her expectations.
After entering the Intis, Feysac allied forces’ camp, she knew that her
“Psychological Invisibility” was very likely to be seen through by others
using other clues, such as not being able to completely conceal her malice.
Therefore, apart from her “Psychological Invisibility,” she also used similar
techniques and Hand of Horror’s “Disorder” to create another fake version
of herself to mislead the possible attackers.
In other words, there was still a layer of illusion hidden under her
Psychological Invisibility.
And the facts proved that Audrey’s understanding of the enemy was correct.
The fake version of her had indeed encountered a sudden attack.
Taking this opportunity, she retreated into the depths of the fog.
Then, a grayish-white dragon that was still in human form appeared. It had
mysterious and three-dimensional symbols engraved on its huge scales.
They were infiltrating inwards and extending outwards, as though they were
interweaving into something indescribable. Something that didn’t belong to
reality would cause one’s mind to go into a frenzy and distort their thoughts
just by looking at it.
At the same time, a figure dressed in a Feysac general’s attire appeared at
the spot where Audrey was standing. His face, neck, and palm were covered
in silver armor, giving off a cold feeling.
…
Enuni and Klein’s shadows landed on a platform covered in orange light.
The three Silver Knights retreated and returned to Derrick’s and Klein’s
side.
Klein raised his hand to cover his left cheek and laughed at the “shadow”
and Enuni.
“It looks like you can’t leave that area.”
He took a few steps forward and spread out his palms. He tsked and said,
“What a pity. That way, you won’t be able to hit me.”
Bang!
The “shadow” opened its mouth and released an Air Cannon.