Chapter 978

: Gift
On a night with clear moonlight, in the garden of 160 Böklund Street.
A gray rat crawled out of its hole, running straight for the master bedroom’s
bed.
As a tiny, black, glue-like blob object floated down, the rat held it over its
head like an acrobatic act.
It quickly turned around, ran out of 160 Böklund Street, and headed for the
sewer entrance.
At this moment, the gray rat raised its torso up and reached out with two of
its paws.
They magically extended as blobs of flesh appeared on its forelimbs!
Then, using its mutated front paws, it moved the manhole cover away
without causing a sound!
Without stopping at all, the gray rat headed straight down the sewers, going
all the way to the spot where Demoness Trissy previously hid.
It kept digging in a corner until it excavated a mirror fragment from the soil.
Having done that, the gray rat threw the black, sticky object over its head to
the side where it was relatively clean. It then retreated to a corner, allowing
its body to stretch and turn into a middle-aged man wearing a dark red coat
and a triangular hat. He was none other than Admiral of Blood, who had
previously been active at sea.
However, this Senor, along with his clothes and body, was just a thin layer,
akin to a figurine cut from paper.
“This rat is quite fat…” Admiral of Blood stroked his chin, but his paper
figurine-like body nearly flew up as a result of the cold draft in the sewers.
The person who spoke was none other than Klein. He was inside his master
bedroom, turning a rat into his marionette by controlling its Spirit Body
Threads. He then made it carry the ritual materials and head down the
sewers to contact Demoness Trissy.
Senor, whose arms were flailing about due to the draft, bent down and
picked up the sticky blob. This was the remains of Trissy’s lock of hair after
she burned it with black flames. It could be used for a communication
ritual.
Right on the heels of that, he wiped the mirror fragment clean and smeared
the material onto it.
After this step, Klein made his marionette take two steps back from the
“mirror.” With a smacking sound, Senor was plastered to the mossy wall
like an oil painting
East Borough. In a room with thick curtains that left it almost dark.
Raven-black, slimy “tentacles” coiled together, forming a huge sphere.
And at the end of these “tentacles,” there were either eyes with clear blacks
and whites embedded in them, or there were venomous snake heads
attached there. The latter opened their mouths slightly as they shot out their
tongues in a rather strange fashion. It was quite a harrowing scene.
Suddenly, they flailed up or retracted as the sphere crumbled, layer after
layer.
Enveloped in the middle of a sphere was a curled up girl. She had
abnormally sweet looks, but her brows were tightly furrowed. Her
expression looked slightly warped due to the pain, a look that stirred up
one’s sense of pity.
The slimy and disgusting “tentacles” retracted and shrank, finally turning
back into their original form -strands of raven-black hair!
The expression of the girl with soft, long hair soothed as she slowly got up
and walked to the side of a tiny bed she had partitioned out. Picking up the
sleeping gown that had fallen to the ground, she draped it over her.
Then, she curled her black hair and came in front of the full-body mirror.
Reaching out her right hand, she swiped across it.
A black flame burst forth as it burned quietly in the air before being
extinguished. It left behind a mirror that had turned dark and profound.
In the mirror, lights drifted and rapidly presented the sewers filled with dirty
slush. Thinly plastered to the wall was a middle-aged man with an old
triangular hat and dark red coat. He was looking down on the girl across an
unknown distance, like a famous painting
The girl with the round face and thin eyes watched in silence before
laughing.
As her smile bloomed, the dark room seemed to instantly brighten.
She then lightly opened her mouth and said in jest, “Mr. Gehrman Sparrow,
is this your craziness and cruelty as the strongest adventurer?
“Or is it the case where I’m only acquainted with a clown?”
Klein wasn’t surprised that Trissy had recognized him as Gehrman Sparrow.
After all, he had previously met her in the image of Admiral of Blood
Senor, and this pirate admiral had long been hunted by Gehrman Sparrow.
Back then, Trissy was hiding in the sewers due to an injury and was focused
on revenge, preventing her from being kept abreast of the news at sea. It
was rather unsurprising for her to be unaware of Admiral of Blood’s
demise, but things were different after she finished recuperating and left the
area. She would’ve been a terrible Assassin and Instigator if she hadn’t
investigated her partner. Clearly, Trissy’s past actions indicated that, despite
being evil, it didn’t discount her intelligence.
Klein didn’t argue as he controlled the paper figurine-like Senor to smile
and simply reply, “Why can’t clowns be crazy and cruel?”
Without waiting for Trissy’s answer, he said, “Any progress on your
investigations into the captain of the royal guards?”
Trissy’s expression turned slightly gloomy as she said, “It will need another
month at the very least for any results. It might even take two.”
“If you need help, you can seek me out,” Klein emphasized again.
Trissy scoffed and said, “In Backlund, in this game, strength isn’t able to
resolve every problem.
“Of course, I’ve never wasted the opportunity to use others.
“Mr. Gehrman Sparrow, since there’s no need to hide your identity, can you
give me a more convenient method of contact?”
Why do I feel like I’m being asked to give my cellphone number… Klein
thought about it for a moment before informing her of the incantation to
summoning Miss Messenger, as well as the important ritual ingredient of
one gold coin.
Trissy didn’t speak further. Reaching out her right hand, she tapped on the
mirror’s surface.
The black flames burst before disappearing, restoring the full-body mirror
to normal.
In the sewers, Senor buried the mirror fragment back into the soil and made
his body shrink rapidly, turning back into a gray rat. It then ran deep into
the sewers, allowing itself to be fed by carnivores.
Back in 160 Böklund Street, Klein drew his curtains and returned to the
reclining chair.
To be frank, he regretted cooperating with Trissy.
He felt that she was burdened by some will of the Primordial Demoness and
was reckless for revenge. She was like a ticking bomb that might explode at
any moment.
If Trissy were to mutate, it’s highly possible that she would create a
terrifying disaster… I shouldn’t have spared her back then… Klein sighed
and began setting up a ritual. He sent the black blob above the gray fog and
attempted to divination Trissy’s present location and recent condition.
Twenty to thirty seconds later, he was met with failure.
This only worried him more because such an outcome implied that Trissy
had become a Blessed of the Primordial Demoness to a certain extent.
The next afternoon, Klein, who had had breakfast, began instructing Butler
Walter and the newly-appointed butler assistant, Richardson, to deliver the
gifts he had brought from the Southern Continent.
This filled an entire luggage bag, of which included Fermo coffee beans,
East Balam tobacco, River Valley’s grape wine, and human-bone sculptures.
They were to be gifted to the different neighbors around the neighborhood
as a sign of goodwill from Dwayne Dantès. It was also to announce his
return to the social scene.
“Oh yes, remember to mention to Member of Parliament Macht or his wife
that this bottle of River Valley grape wine is suitable for making cocktails.
It’s best matched with lemon juice,” Klein exhorted Walter.
Particular care was needed in gifting others—it had to take into account the
receiver’s preferences, and obviously, the most popular product of the
Southern Continent at present, Donningsman Hair Tonic, wasn’t suitable as
a gift, as it would only appear to be a veiled attempt at ridicule.
Walter solemnly nodded and said, “Yes, Sir.”
After receiving no more instructions from his employer, Richardson
glanced at the remaining pile of gifts and asked, “Where will they be sent
to?”
“This is for the staff of the bursary foundation. I’ll deliver it myself,” Klein
said with a smile.
He then pointed at the golden amulet in his hand and said, “I missed the
birth of Dr. Aaron’s child, so I’ll need to express my apologies in person.
Heh heh, I’ll head over in the afternoon and plan on gifting this amulet with
Southern Continent characteristics to that child.”
Of course, as a baby, Will Auceptin Ceres probably won’t like it…
Compared to this, “He”—I’ll just call him he-would rather have ice-
cream… Klein grumbled inwardly after answering Richardson. After the
butler and Richardson left, bringing gifts and male servants to the different
neighbors, Klein got into his carriage and headed straight for the Loen
Charity Bursary Foundation at 22 Phelps Street.
After alighting, he headed forward with his valet, Enuni, carrying plenty of
gifts behind him. Along the way, he greeted and gifted any members of the
staff he saw.
Soon, Klein arrived at the second story and arrived at one of the director’s
office. He knocked gently on the door.
“Please come in.” Audrey Hall’s gentle voice sounded.
As a rather senior Spectator, she had already noticed that Mr. Dwayne
Dantès had come to the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation. She had been
patiently waiting for him.
Klein pushed the door and entered, taking out a small gift box from his
inner pocket before saying with a warm smile, “I’ve returned from the
Southern Continent. Well, my business went very smoothly. I brought some
gifts for everyone, hoping to share my happiness with everyone.”
He had specially mentioned this to indicate to Miss Justice that he
remembered her request.
“You leave me no reason to decline it,” Audrey said with an expectant
smile.
This didn’t mean that she cared for the gift Mr. World gave, but more a
result of being curious as to what Mr. World would give.
After receiving the gift box, she tore open the wrapping in front of Dwayne
Dantès and discovered an accessory with a white feather adorned with pale
yellow patterns as its highlight.
“This is a decorative ribbon,” Klein explained. “People of certain social
standing in East Balam will enjoy wearing items with such white feathers
on various parts of their body. Out of all the places, it’s considered most
noble and meaningful to attach it to a hat. This is said to be a tradition from
the worship of feathered serpents. Heh heh, feathered serpents are symbols
for Death over there.”
And the feather he got a Southern Continent craftsman to craft into the hat
was a byproduct of the Artificial Death project. It could be sacrificed.
Klein had once obtained three of them. He had used one in Bayam by using
the copper whistle messenger and summoning the mutated monster which
was corrupted by Artificial Death. The other was sacrificed to Artificial
Death in the Southern Continent, allowing him to receive the revelation of
Ince Zangwill being possessed by an evil spirit. This was the last feather.
As the present Artificial Death was equivalent to the Evernight Goddess to
a certain extent, Klein, who was clearly a Blessed, didn’t need to carry out
such acts in subsequent rituals. He could use other materials to replace the
feather, so he decided to turn the remaining one into a gift for Miss Justice.
After all, she was also a believer of Evernight, and she might be able to
contact Artificial Death at some critical moment.
Audrey held her present with a smile as she silently listened to Dwayne
Dantès’s description. For some baffling reason, an idea flashed in her mind:
Don’t tell me Mr. World really plucked a feathered serpent’s feather for this
hat…