Chapter 1109

: Patience
After ending the divination and returning to the real world, Klein walked to
the room outside the rental flat. There, he pondered for nearly a minute
while looking at the crimson moon in the night sky.
Perhaps, there’s still another chance for digesting the potion… he muttered
silently as he ultimately rummaged for something. He took the two
marionettes and disappeared into the shadows.
In Backlund, he no longer dared to use Flaming Jump, afraid that it might
catch Zaratul’s notice. After all, it was impossible for him to always have an
opportunity to ignite Will Auceptin’s paper crane to protect himself. This
was a sign of disrespect towards the Snake of Fate, and it was easy for Dr.
Aaron’s family to be targeted if he kept visiting them.
In the blink of an eye, Klein appeared at the back of the tall, gothic-styled
bell tower in his dream. He hid in the shadows—one formed by the Bell of
Order, a symbol of Backlund.
Immediately following that, he and his two marionettes split apart, each
occupying different hidden spots.
After doing all of this, Klein quickly turned a rat into a marionette, allowing
it to run to the edge of the range of his control. It opened its mouth and
softly chanted an honorific name:
“The great God of War, the symbol of iron and blood, the ruler of chaos and
strife. Demoness of White Katarina is in this area…”
Since Klein was fulfilling his agreement with the Red Angel evil spirit, he
also hoped that this high-level creature would step into a trap that might
possibly be for him. At the same time, he had some doubts about Sauron
Einhorn Medici’s true intentions. He had no intention of urgently getting
help from the Church of Evernight or Queen Mystic. He planned on
watching from the sidelines to confirm the situation, lest he implicated
others into springing a trap.
Just as the prayer ended, the gray rat suddenly twitched and fell quietly
beside the rubbish bin.
It had already lost its life and was no longer Klein’s marionette.
This was a way to prevent himself from being marked by the Red Angel
evil spirit.
As for him, after giving up on that rat marionette, he immediately left the
area where the Bell of Order was located with Qonas and Enuni. He also
made “the Winner” pray to Sea God Kalvetua a few kilometers away.
After the prayer, the two of them continued to retreat, widening their
distance.
Then, Klein hid in a storage room in a particular house, took four steps
counterclockwise, and went above the gray fog to sit at the position of The
Fool.
He then beckoned for the Sea God Scepter. With the help of the prayer light
of “the Winner,” he expanded his scope and observed the target area.
At the same time, with his other hand, he held the piece of paper that was
stained with Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy’s blood.
With a medium like this, and a general scope, it didn’t take long under his
“true vision” before he found the hidden Demoness of White Katarina.
The black-haired, blue-eyed woman was dressed in a pure white robe. She
looked like a weightless feather, and she was gently drifting across the
streets and alleys. Even if the patrolling policemen looked in the right
direction, they were unable to detect her presence.
If it wasn’t for the gray fog’s help, Klein could only use Spirit Body
Threads to see through the invisibility to a certain extent.
Taking a deep breath, he patiently waited for the Red Angel evil spirit to
appear. He also observed Katarina, wanting to know what she was looking
for.
He suspected that the Demoness of White was targeting Trissy Cheek.
Seconds changed to minutes as the crimson moon gradually tilted to the
side. Having wandered around the Bell of Order for a while without finding
anything, Katarina revealed a slightly frustrated and disappointed
expression. She looked as though she was about to leave that area at any
time.
And the Red Angel evil spirit never appeared!
This… Sauron Einhom Medici was just lying to me. He really didn’t have
the Demoness of White as his goal? No, that’s not necessarily the case. If
that happened, then “His” condition would be meaningless… The Red
Angel evil spirit has actually arrived at the scene, but has chosen not to
immediately take action like me? “He” is waiting for the battle between
Katarina and me and my companions to reach its most intense state before
suddenly appearing to reap the greatest benefits… Klein’s thoughts
wandered as he came up with a guess:
He suspected that the Red Angel evil spirit was as cautious, careful, and
staid as he was. “He” hoped to be the fisherman pulling in the net and not
that net.
This is really troublesome… Next, it will depend on who’s more patient…
Klein muttered silently as he continued to observe the situation around the
Bell of Order through the prayer light.
Tick. Tick. Tick. The second hand was beating at the same pace in the quiet
night. Demoness of White Katarina’s expression turned increasingly
gloomy.
Suddenly, she cast her gaze on the glass window of a building.
The dim night was like a mirror reflecting the things in front of them.
Katarina’s beautiful blue eyes sparkled slightly as the surface of the mirror
instantly turned dark, as though there were countless objects and layers of
space hidden within.
The glass window seemed to have become a passageway to an alternate
world!
With a thought, together with the various Beyonder powers that Demoness
Trissy had showcased, he suspected that Katarina was about to use the
mirror world to leave this place and end her “hunt” tonight.
How can the Red Angel evil spirit still endure this? Klein tensed up as he
instinctively wanted to put down the Sea God Scepter and return to the real
world. He wanted to act against the Demoness of White and prevent her
from leaving.
As this thought flashed through his mind, he ultimately didn’t move.
He felt that he could still wait a little longer because even if Katarina left
the surrounding area of the Bell of Order, he could still locate her again as
long as she didn’t discover that something had happened to her daughter.
When the time came, he could first summon Arrodes to ask about the
target’s actual abilities and items. Then, he could either seek the help of
Queen Mystic Bernadette or the Church of Evernight to borrow a Grade 1
Sealed Artifact. He could then make the scales of victory tip towards him
before taking action.
I deliberately didn’t hide my operation this time. If I were to borrow a
Sealed Artifact and the archbishop assents to it, that means that the
Goddess’s true attitude towards George III is: “She” doesn’t like the king
becoming the Black Emperor, but “She” can only accept it silently. If
someone is willing to disrupt the ritual, “She” is willing to provide some
help… Klein calmed his slightly anxious feelings, allowing his observation
to become more relaxed.
At that moment, Demoness of White Katarina’s expression returned to
normal. She floated to the glass window and entered without any corporeal
form.
The layers of illusory worlds within the mirror converged as though they
were constantly moving away.
At this moment, using his “true vision” to observe the area underneath,
Klein seemed to hear a shrill female scream. This cry seemed to come from
another world. It contained extreme fear and disbelief.
None of the residents in the surrounding area were jolted awake. No one
heard anything.
That was Katarina’s scream? What exactly happened to her… Klein’s gaze
froze as he thought of something:
The Red Angel evil spirit is also an evil spirit, and it’s also capable of using
Mirror Blink; thus, using this medium.
In other words, “He” is no stranger to the mirror world!
Could it be that Sauron Einhorn Medici had been hiding in the “mirror” all
this time, waiting for the Demoness of White to throw herself into a trap?
As his pupils dilated, the darkness and gloominess in the glass window
disappeared.
The “mirror” had lost its unique characteristics and returned to its original
state.
A few seconds later, the bottom of the glass window slowly bled, forming a
liquid that slid down.
In the areas that the liquid passed, the surrounding grayish-white tint
spread, covering its original pale yellow color. It was like a newly
embedded stone.
Drip! Drip! Drip!
The drops of liquid landed on the ground, dyeing it bright red like blood,
beautiful like flowers.
Upon seeing this scene, the muscles on Klein’s face twitched slightly before
he forced himself to use his Clown powers to control his expression.
This ending was really unexpected.
A powerful and senior Sequence 3 saint, one who had lived for more than a
thousand years, was unable to put up any resistance in front of the Red
Angel evil spirit’s trap. There was only silence left.
As for Klein himself, even if he counted the two marionettes and the Sealed
Artifacts he possessed, he was still a little weaker when compared to
Katarina’s strength. He needed to make up for this gap through prior
preparations.
This also meant that, if he were to face the Red Angel evil spirit, he would
probably not end up any better. He would similarly be powerless and puny,
slowly sinking in the torrent that followed.
Is this what a former King of Angels is? Even though “His” strength has yet
to recover to its peak state, it still leaves one in such despair… Seeing the
blood seeping out from the glass window gradually lessen, he took a deep
breath and returned to the real world.
Following that, he and Winner Enuni exchanged positions as he
“Teleported” to the glass window.
When Bizarro Sorcerers switched positions, they could only choose two
swapping their bodies or bodies and external objects. However, it was
impossible to be too precise at his current level, so Klein wasn’t able to
leave behind whatever he wanted. He could only choose to leave everything
or not leave anything behind.
Enuni, who wore Gehrman Sparrow’s appearance, said to the glass window
in a deep voice the moment he materialized in front of it, “I have already
fulfilled my promise.”
A figure suddenly appeared on the glass window.
He was wearing a long black robe with red stripes. He casually wore a
hood, revealing a soft outline. His skin was brown, and he had a pale face.
He was the Gatekeeper who had been possessed by Sauron Einhorn Medici.
“Well done,” the young man walked down from the window and said with a
smile.
Upon hearing this, Klein took out something from his pocket. The corners
of his mouth curled up as he happily replied,
“You did well too.”
As he spoke, he blew at the monocle in his hand and wore it on his left eye.
Sauron Einhorn Medici’s smile froze.