Chapter 1195

Grade 0
In the region that had been concealed, the Saint of Secrets, Botis, narrowed
his eyes slightly as he recognized Leymano’s Travels.
This made him no longer have any doubts about the intel provided by Saint
Tenebrous Kisma.
He recognized this notebook and knew that it was a mystical item that the
Abraham family placed great importance on. It was one of the most
powerful items below the High-Sequences, and the negative effects were
negligible.
Heh, back when I was a Mid-Sequence Beyonder, I had yearned for this
notebook so much. In the end, the Abraham family was wary of me and
didn’t place any importance on my needs at all… Now, have they learned
their lesson? This woman shouldn’t be a descendant of the Abraham family.
Otherwise, she wouldn’t have gone around searching for the cursed item of
an ancient wraith… Botis muttered inwardly as his expression gradually
turned grim, showing hints of a cruel fervor.
After observing his surroundings for a while, he carefully reached into his
black robe’s pocket.
The pocket seemed to contain a vast space as Saint of Secrets Botis dragged
out a three-layered jewelry box from within.
This jewelry box wasn’t tiny, making it difficult to hold it with one hand. It
was mainly silver-black in color, and its surface was covered with exquisite
decorations. There were rubies, emeralds, sapphires, and diamonds
embedded in it, making it look rather luxurious.
As he held the “jewelry box” in his hands, there was a hint of panic and fear
in his expression. It was as if he was facing the Abyss or listening to an evil
god’s ravings.
…
The gathering continued as usual. Fors put away Leymano’s Travels and
focused on listening to the participants, as though she was seeking some
answers.
During this process, she would occasionally ask questions, using gold
pounds and spiritual materials as payment. However, she didn’t receive any
effective answers.
Gradually, the Beyonder gathering came to an end. The host arranged for
the different participants to leave from different exits.
Soon, only Fors and a few other Beyonders were left in the room.
After receiving the signal of the host, Fors stood up and resisted the urge to
stretch herself as she walked towards the side door.
At this moment, she realized that her body had stiffened. Her head could
barely turn, but it felt like she was a toy that had its torsion spring wound
up.
From the corner of her eye, she saw that the grayish-white walls had turned
silvery-black in an instant. They were covered in granules, as though they
were made of metal. The remaining participants and the host had their skin
lose the luster that it should’ve possessed. Their eyes were dull, their
movements mechanical, as though they were large dolls.
In the concealed area, Botis had opened the “jewelry box” at some point in
time. The interior of its top layer wasn’t exquisite enough, but it had
completely restored the scene of the room.
In the room, there were chairs and long tables scattered haphazardly. There
were a few palm-sized puppets sitting or standing, as though they were
trying to simulate reality.
Among these people, the person standing was wearing a hooded robe. The
shape of her chin was beautiful and her lips were plump and red. It was
none other than Fors.
She and the remaining Beyonders, together with the gathering’s host, had
silently become toys. They had been taken into the highest layer of the
“jewelry box”!
The room that connected in the external world was only left with grayish-
white walls—nothing else.
The corners of Botis’s lips curled up bit by bit. With his right hand, he
closed the lid of the jewelry box.
In just a single breath, he had magically controlled his target!
This silver-black, three-layered “jewelry box” was the Grade 0 Sealed
Artifact that he had snatched from the Abraham family.
As it had never been obtained by the orthodox Churches, nor was it ever
deeply understood, it didn’t have a corresponding number.
According to what Botis knew, this “jewelry box” originated from an
Abraham family angel from the Fourth Epoch. “He” enjoyed roaming the
cosmos and heading to different places in the vast universe. However, once,
when “He” returned to “His” family to rest, he died silently in his palace.
His face was filled with fear, and his expression was twisted as if he had
seen something extremely terrifying.
A true Mythical Creature, one that could be considered a subsidiary god in
the Second Epoch had actually died silently without causing a stir. The
death was extremely bizarre.
The Beyonder characteristic “He” left behind combined with “His” corpse,
forming the “jewelry box” that was quite different from the other kind of
Sealed Artifacts. And back then, Mr. Door, Bethel Abraham, not only didn’t
attempt to shatter it and restore it to a pure Beyonder characteristic, “He”
had even given it a rather strange name: “Box of the Great Old Ones.”
The first level of the Box of the Great Old Ones could turn the target’s
location into toys and switch locations with its interior. Botis had used this
trait to easily achieve his goal.
The second level of the Box of the Great Old Ones recorded different
locations. Once it was released, the holder and the living beings within its
effective range would head directly to the corresponding region. They
would then wander around the cosmos like the angel from the Abraham
family back then, exploring the universe.
As for what was on the third level of the Box of the Great Old Ones, Botis
knew about it but didn’t dare to think about it. It was just like how he
usually didn’t dare come into contact with this Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.
Smack. After closing the lid of the Box of the Great Old Ones, he grabbed
the mirror that was embedded in the transparent vortex that was suspended
in midair with his right hand.
Once a certain area was concealed, a Secrets Sorcerer had to use the
corresponding “door” or directly remove the “concealment” to exit.
Botis had chosen the latter method because it was the easiest and fastest
method.
The shadows stirred, and the area that disappeared returned to the real
world. The room was finally complete.
Botis didn’t stay any longer. Without even looking at his surroundings, he
made his body rapidly fade away.
He held the many gemmed, silver-black Box of the Great Old Ones as the
colors saturated and overlapped with each other. He traversed the spirit
world which was filled with strange creatures towards his designated
location. In a few seconds, he walked out of the void, attempting to enter
the ruins of the battle of the gods by crossing the huge chasm that split the
seas.
At this moment, the Botis stopped in midair.
His eyes narrowed and his eyes instantly turned dark, dotted with countless
points of resplendence.
It was like the cosmos had been reflected in his eyes.
The “gravel” formed by the stars spun rapidly, causing the cracks at the
bottom of the sea to rapidly turn incorporeal, causing everything in front of
him to shrink and condense into a wavering orange flame.
This flame extended from the tip of a matchstick as it was extinguished.
Everything that Botis had experienced after removing the “concealed
space” was an illusion. He remained rooted to the ground!
And the source of this illusion was the burning matchstick.
The matchstick was held by a fair-skinned palm, and the owner of the hand
was a woman wearing a purple-patterned black robe and a hood. She was
sitting on a carriage that was half-way through the wall, formed from a
gigantic pumpkin.
Pulling the carriage were a bunch of gray rats.
This was none other than Cattleya, but her appearance, image, and bearing
had changed.
This was the power she gained from the magic of Cinderella!
The core Beyonder power of the Mystery Pryer pathway’s Sequence 4
Mysticologist was called “Mystical Re-enactment,” fully expressing the
saying—”knowledge is power.”
To put it simply, a Mysticologist could draw power from different
mysticism knowledge they grasped, and create all sorts of magic or
witchcraft. As for the corresponding “mysticism knowledge,” the less that
was known by others and the less it spread, the more powerful the spells
became.
The contrary could also be established. Once some knowledge and legends
were known to many and no longer mysterious, the magic or witchcraft
created by drawing on its powers would become almost ineffective.
Cattleya had no idea why the Queen could create all kinds of magical
powers that were rich in magical colors from the private fairy tales that
Emperor Roselle had told her, but that didn’t hinder her learning and usage
of them. After all, she had heard of those fairy tales from Queen Mystic.
The magic she had used it to temporarily transform and disguise herself was
called “Cinderella.” The magic that threw Saint of Secrets Botis into an
illusion was “The Little Match Girl.” With that, she had used it to stop the
other party from “Teleporting” away, creating an opportunity for the battle
that would follow.
Just as Botis had extricated himself from the hallucination, the “Cinderella”
who was sitting in the pumpkin carriage placed her foot on the ground and
spread out her arms, causing a huge cross to appear behind her.
As for Cattleya, she seemed to be carrying an illusory object.
In the empty room, candlelights lit up, one after another, illuminating a long
table covered with flesh and blood.
Around the long table were three extremely blurry figures holding the globs
of flesh as they constantly devoured the food.
As if sensing something, the three figures turned their heads at the same
time and looked at Botis. This Saint of Secrets’s heart raced as he felt a chill
rush out from deep within his soul.
He then heard illusory gnawing, chewing, and digesting sounds. He could
feel the undisguised malice and hunger.
Botis’s eyelid twitched. He hurriedly lowered his head and cast his gaze at
the Box of the Great Old Ones in his hand.
The silver-black box had opened itself without him realizing it at some
point in time!
The magic that Cattleya used was called the “Feast of Betrayal.” It stemmed
from the mysticism knowledge she learned of the ancient sun god’s death
from the Tarot Club. Its purpose was to temporarily awaken or imbue the
target with intelligence, allowing them to commit a “betrayal!”
Without a doubt, the effects of encountering a Sealed Artifact that was filled
with malice towards the owner would be excellent.
However, if not for the fact that she had obtained the protection of Mr. Fool
at every gathering they monitored, Cattleya wouldn’t have dared to use this
magic.
Once the three main leads of the “betrayal feast” sensed it, she would
definitely die for obscure reasons. She wouldn’t be able to resist her death
and would die an abnormally horrifying death.
Therefore, Mysticologists were definitely individuals with high-risk. Their
strength came from walking the edge of the Abyss, coming from things they
shouldn’t have seen or heard.
In comparison, Queen Mystic who could create magic from her father’s
private fairy tales was much safer than other Mysticologists at the same tier.