Chapter 265

: Cards of Blasphemy
“Floren said that the history of the Sauron family exceeds two thousand
years, making it longer than even the Church of the God of Craftsmanship’s
history. They witnessed all the cooperation and strife, light and darkness, in
the Fourth Epoch, and they have survived until this very day. Other than the
Augustus family of Loen, the Einhorn family of Feysac, and the Castiya
family of Feynapotter, the other powerful families that have been deemed
their equal, such as the Antigonus family and the Zaratul family, have been
relegated as vestiges of history, or have turned to nothing but rats in the
sewers, hiding from the public as shady existences.
“He said that making me his subordinate—a subordinate of the ancient and
glorious Sauron family—is a gift to me.
“Back then, I wanted to f**k all eight generations of his ancestors.
“However, for the Sauron family to have a history exceeding two thousand
years is indeed surprising. The Fourth Epoch is known as the Epoch of the
Gods. Be it the seven orthodox deities of the present times, or Death,
Primordial Demoness, Dark Side of the Universe, and the True Creator,
they all remained active in the real world. Legend had it that they frequently
did miracles. For the Sauron family to last to this day and enjoy its current
high standing, it’s definitely not an easy matter.
“Their long history has given them far more than just arrogance. They must
be hiding many secrets, and perhaps even extremely terrifying Sealed
Artifacts.
“They are truly a colossus that stands tall above the earth, one that people
can’t look straight at.”
Upon reading this, Klein had a lot of ideas.
For Roselle to be able to overthrow the rule of the Sauron family, he must
have experienced a horrifying and heart-stirring struggle. Even if the
Sauron family didn’t have a Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts, they definitely had no
lack of Grade 1 Sealed Artifacts. Adding to the possibility of having High-
Sequence Beyonders, even if the Church of the God of Steam and
Machinery fully supported Roselle, it’s unlikely that any good outcome
might come out of it… Could it be that before all of that happened, the
Sauron family was already beginning to wane and weaken, and the Intis
revolution was just an external manifestation of this state?
What did they experience during that period of time?
Did they lose Sealed Artifacts? Did the High-Sequence Beyonders die? Did
that attract the attention of many ambitious people?
Hmm… Judging from this diary, the Augustus family of Loen is no stranger
to the Antigonus and Zaratul families. Internally, they should have
corresponding records.
The Sun had previously mentioned that the City of Silver has endured for
more than 2500 years in the Dark Ages. According to my initial judgment,
that’s the date of the Cataclysm. In the past two hundred years, the Sauron
family claimed to have a history spanning more than 2000 years. I wonder
if it will extend to the point before the City of Silver… I’ll try to find an
opportunity to mention the Sauron clan and see The Sun’s reaction. If The
Sun still has a look of stupefaction, it would indirectly mean that the Sauron
family only rose up after the Cataclysm. Perhaps they had benefited greatly
from the Cataclysm to become nobles in the Fourth Epoch, and royalty in
the Fifth Epoch…
Well, even if the Sun doesn’t know, it doesn’t prove it completely. Perhaps he
didn’t learn his history well.
When Klein turned to the third page, he found that the content should’ve
been written in the early days of Roselle’s appointment as Consul of the
Intis Republic.
From the diary entries on this page, it can be seen that Roselle had
developed and promulgated a new Civil Code which encouraged inventions,
protected trade, and the incubation of the industrial revolution. It wasn’t
him merely satisfying his own warped humor of acting as this world’s
Napoleon and his ambition to change the world. What he did allowed him
to reconcile with the Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun.
The Eternal Blazing Sun was also the God of Deeds, the Guardian of
Businesses. The closer to the times the Civil Code was and the more
prosperous trade was made it more in line with the needs of the church.
Judging from this part of the diary, the relationship between Roselle and the
Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun was gradually thawing and beginning to
improve. When he brazenly claimed the title of Emperor more than ten
years later and called himself Caesar, it’s likely that he obtained the
simultaneous endorsement of the two Churches. Otherwise, it would’ve
been too risky. Then, what resulted in his assassination? Klein cast his gaze
at the fourth page in puzzlement.
“11th August. That retard Floren is showing off again.
“He said that he’s the most promising member of the Sauron family
generation to become a High-Sequence Beyonder because he’s very similar
to his great-great-grandfather.
“Is there any necessary connection? I looked him up and down, left and
right, but I couldn’t find any sign of talent.
“Moreover, in the field of Beyonders, is talent important? Well, figuring out
the essence to ‘acting’ can be a core element of talent, but that’s not
necessary. As long as one knows the acting method and not be stupid
enough to misunderstand the meaning, or avoid doing things that easily
result in a loss of control, then one has a chance to completely digest the
potions. Which is to say, just a bit more time and effort needs to be spent. In
one’s lifetime, it’s not impossible to become a High-Sequence Beyonder.
“The main obstacle to becoming a High-Sequence Beyonder is the
difficulty of obtaining Beyonder ingredients and the difficulty of
corresponding rituals. Of course, I have to admit that those born as
Beyonders have more time to prepare.
“Was Floren’s great-great-grandfather a High-Sequence Beyonder? Does
looking like him imply talent?”
It can be seen that at the time of writing this diary entry, Roselle was still
very young and that he wasn’t aware of the two Laws of Beyonder
Characteristics Indestructibility and Conservation… Klein nodded
indiscernibly.
With his current knowledge, he could probably understand the hidden
meaning behind Floren Sauron’s words.
A High-Sequence Beyonder’s Beyonder characteristic remains contained a
spirit mark. This was also one of the reasons why it was easy for people to
lose control when concocting potions with this ingredient.
And people who resembled the original owner could avoid this negative
influence to the greatest extent. Their chances of success were higher than
the average person, so they were considered gifted. How Holy Artifacts
recognized their masters probably shared the same conditions.
This achieves the same goal via different approaches as the acting method,
but it can’t be popularized… Once the advancement is successful, one
would still have to do the acting method required of the potion to
completely digest its characteristics…While in deep thought, Klein glanced
at the two diary entries at the back of the page and discovered how much
Emperor Roselle enjoyed the liberalness in Intis, but he was worried that his
future wife would be equally liberal.
With the paper making some noise, Klein placed the fifth page at the top.
“20th April. I participated in that ancient organization’s secret gathering
once again. Those members still leave me shaking. It’s hard to believe that
they’re actually all members of this organization.
“This time, I learned some of the ancient organization’s philosophy. They
believe that people will always lose some of their individuality bit by bit
until they ‘sleep.’ Hence, by trying hard to observe and remember oneself,
one can use the various types of information to achieve the purification
needed to face the final end of days.
“They’ve kept and passed down secrets for thousands or even tens of
thousands of years. They believe that dusk is inevitable, and that doomsday
cannot be avoided.
“They believe in the original Creator and believe that He is not truly dead.
When dusk comes and everything ends, He will wake up from His slumber
and let everything return to Him. He will create a new world, a new history.
“All of the actions from this organization stem from this belief. It can be
said that they show great animosity to the True Creator. They aren’t stingy
with their descriptions to describe Him as fallen and evil.
“They wield the second Blasphemy Slate and the twenty-two paths of the
divine, but they only allow members to choose a few of them, with the
exception of those who were already Beyonders when they joined.
“Are there any secrets to these pathways?
“I’ll first jot it down and analyze it in the future. These pathways are Bard,
Sailor, Reader, and Spectator.
“Haha, I have to change my habits of calling these Sequence pathways in
the future. Using those names in that ancient organization makes me appear
quite uneducated.
This is very similar to what I’ve analyzed from my hostile relations and
from Mr. A’s request, with it being very similar to how the Bard, Sailor,
Reader, and Secrets Suppliant pathways can be exchanged at Sequence 4…
Is Manipulator a High Sequence of the Spectator pathway? Why do many
secret organizations declare that the apocalypse would definitely befall us
one day? For example, the Demoness Sect, this ancient organization, and
they themselves do not rely on this to proselytize. Is it a requirement for
brainwashing or would there really be a so-called dusk? Klein thought of
many things, but due to a lack of information, he was unable to come to a
definite answer.
At the same time, he couldn’t help but silently lampoon, Roselle, can’t you
just write down the name of that organization?
Resisting the changes in his expression and body movements, Klein turned
to the last page which had relatively little content and read.
“1st Jan. A beginning of a new year. I happened to finish my first Card of
Blasphemy.
“I will hide the ultimate secret of the twenty-two paths of the divine in these
different Cards of Blasphemy and scatter them across the world. If things
fail, they’ll be the best insurance that my children can fall back onto.
“Haha, I’ll disrupt the order they wish to have and spread the profound
mysteries of the divine!
“These Cards of Blasphemy will possess characteristics of being anti-
divination and anti-prophecy. Apart from the ones I’m giving my children,
the fated ones will receive it!
“I’m a person who makes sure to square accounts when it comes to
grudges, and after I die, who cares if floods deluge the heavens! Oh, I didn’t
create that sentence.
“In short, the more chaotic the world is, the better it is!
“I have to consider how to name the Cards of Blasphemy that will form a
set. The paths of the divine number twenty-two. The Major Arcana tarot
cards also have twenty-two cards. They can match quite well, but there are
a few that don’t meet the requirements. I need to make some changes to
match the original potion names.
“That ancient organization is my last and biggest insurance. I don’t know if
they’ll support me, or the manner in which they’ll support me in.
“I still remember the shock when I first saw the Blasphemy Slate.”
“So it turns out that the Beyonder pathways are paths of the divine. It really
is true that the Blasphemy Slate is blaspheming the deities.
“Above every pathway’s Sequence 1, there is still a Sequence 0! And
there’s a corresponding potion and ritual!
“Each pathway has a Sequence 0!
“And Sequence 0 is the Sequence of a True God!
“For example, Sequence 0, Sun!”