Chapter 665

: Spirit Body Threads
Under the strong sunlight, the sea reflected a golden shade. Apart from that,
deep in Klein’s eyes were countless illusory black lines.
They extended from the nearby mermaids, from his body, and from the
different parts of the neighboring waters. They were packed densely in thin
and numerous threads, corresponding to different spots. Some extended into
the infinite distance, to the ends of the void.
This strange, beautiful scene wasn’t an unfamiliar sight to Klein. In the few
times he used the All-Black Eye’s powers and his usage of it to create the
fake World, he had been able to see similar scenes.
This was the source of a Nimblewright Master’s Beyonder powers!
From the knowledge he obtained from the potion, these illusory thin black
threads were known as Spirit Body Threads. By controlling them, one could
directly influence the target’s Soul Body, Astral Projection, Body of Heart
and Mind, and Ether Body. Then, with the Ether Body as a bridge, one
could control the target’s body.
Therefore, all the Beyonder powers of a Nimblewright Master was built on
the Spirit Body Threads.
Firstly, it could find a hidden target using the Spirit Body Threads that
existed in every creature. It was the best measure against a Demoness’s
invisibility and a Shadow Ascetic’s hiding in the shadows. Of course, Klein
wasn’t aware if there were means to hide one’s Spirit Body Threads.
Secondly, it was to control a target like a puppet. It would make the target’s
thoughts and body stiffen. This was a type of forceful control and was
almost indefensible. The only way of escaping this control was to rely on
the potency of one’s Spirit Body. It was almost no trouble for a Sequence 5
Nimblewright Master to control anyone who wasn’t a demigod.
Thirdly, through the passage of time, the control would deepen. A
Nimblewright Master could completely turn the target into their
nimblewright. Up to a certain distance, they could hide behind the scenes
and control the nimblewright to do battle. While doing so, the nimblewright
could use all of its original Beyonder powers!
This is truly magical, terrifying, strange, and indescribable. It’s the perfect
thing for someone working behind the scenes. It’s no wonder Rosago
claimed that the control of Spirit Body Threads is one of the most difficult
abilities to deal with for anyone that isn’t a High-Sequence Beyonder…
But it requires time. Control cannot be instantly achieved. It requires a
process that deepens with each step until it’s ultimately achieved. To obtain
initial control, the present me needs 20 seconds. But with the digestion of
the potion, the time needed will clearly decrease. Once my Nimblewright
Master potion completely digests, I might be able to do it within five
seconds. Yes, before the effects show, the target wouldn’t even notice it.
Perhaps those with prophetic abilities might be able to detect it…
Once initial control of the target has been achieved, they will immediately
be slow to think. Their actions will be impeded and their bodies stiffened.
Then, bit by bit, they will develop into a puppet, a nimblewright. If a
Nimblewright Master has a partner, this process will make it easy to finish
off a target that has been forcibly controlled. Yes, if the enemy’s Spirit Body
isn’t strong enough, a Nimblewright Master will have the strength
remaining to even draw a gun or use a mystical item to act in concert with
himself.
If the controlling process isn’t disrupted by an external force, the target will
become my nimblewright after five minutes. In a sense, the nimblewright is
truly dead and the process is completely irreversible. Once the potion is
completely digested, the time it takes to convert someone into a
nimblewright will definitely be greatly shortened.
The maximum number of nimblewrights I can control at present is one. I
can’t be sure how many I can control in the future, but it will definitely
increase. The limit seems to max out at three.
This will not only need time, but there’s also a distance restriction. I can
only see Spirit Body Threads within a hundred meters. And to control them,
I need to be five meters from the target…
When controlling nimblewrights, I cannot be more than 100 meters from it.
I’m sure it will increase in the future.
Heh, apart from keeping its Beyonder powers, a nimblewright can also
normally use mystical items and Sealed Artifacts. Furthermore, it expends
its own spirituality and not mine. Of course, my controlling of the
nimblewright will expend spirituality itself.
This ability is very suited for me. In extremely dangerous situations, with me
having no choice but to investigate, I can let the nimblewright do it for me.
Although it will be heartbreaking to lose it, it’s better than having myself
die. Heh heh, back when Nimblewright Master Rosago came to deal with
me, he must’ve been engaged in another operation. This resulted in him
losing his nimblewright. Yes, he must’ve not fully digested the Nimblewright
Master potion. That’s why he wasn’t able to achieve initial control over me
while waiting for me to open the door. He had to enter in order to converse
with me.
In short, this lives up to being a Sequence 5 Beyonder power! Furthermore,
the Beyonder powers before this have also been enhanced by 50%, or even
more…
I’m really looking forward to knowing what kind of qualitative changes I’ll
experience when I reach Sequence 4 when possessing so many strange
powers. Sigh, I don’t even know what its name is… Klein ended the
inspection of his body and reflected wistfully.
He then used the experience of setting an activation and deactivation
method for his Spirit Vision to give himself a restriction of seeing Spirit
Body Threads, so as to not see things he shouldn’t see.
Activating by tapping my left thumb twice on the first segment of my index
finger. Repeating the action deactivates it. Same for the right hand… He
reined in his thoughts and looked ahead, and he saw that the remaining
mermaids had turned around and were looking at him with watery blue
eyes.
At the thought that he would’ve lost control and become a Sealed Artifact
akin to 2-049 without their singing or this simple ritual, Klein gave them a
friendly smile.
Affected by the charm, the mermaids also moved their lips and showed a
somewhat embarrassed smile.
As their light purple or deep red lips parted, one by one, Klein saw their
teeth—razor-sharp like wolf fangs. They were white and shiny and dripping
from them was a sticky liquid.
Klein was taken aback. He discovered that this was even more unacceptable
for him than a real monster.
He had originally mentally prepared himself and treated mermaids as
creatures that swam in the sea. Therefore, no matter how crazy and
terrifying they looked, he believed that he could tolerate it. However, the
situation was somewhat beyond his expectations. Mermaids were clearly
beautiful and alluring females on the surface. Their tails had a hetero sense
of beauty, but their teeth were nasty and disgusting. This was a stark
contrast that Klein couldn’t take. He nearly moved his eyes away.
Waving his hand, he quickly took out a charm from the Sea God domain
and created another gale of wind to push his dinghy back to the Future.
Along the way, Klein couldn’t help but recollect the feelings he just had.
So the mermaids’ singing is meant for neutralizing and balancing.
Otherwise, most Faceless are unable to resist the corrosion of their own
Spirit Body Threads by the Nimblewright Master potion. They would
directly lose control. Heh. Lucky ones like Kalvetua aren’t included.
Perhaps, it’s because of the lack of the ritual’s help that it’s relatively
weaker.
In theory, as long as there’s a voice or Beyonder power with similar effects,
they can be used to replace a mermaid’s singing, but people who haven’t
personally experienced it themselves wouldn’t be able to tell the minute
differences. Therefore, High-Sequence Beyonders who aren’t from the Seer
pathway will find it difficult to provide any effective suggestions.
Amidst his thoughts, the dinghy returned to the Future. With a rope, Klein
easily returned to the deck.
Anderson Hood stood by the shipboard and chuckled.
“So your search of mermaids was a requirement of a ritual, and not because
you wish to obtain the corresponding ingredients.”
“That’s obvious,” Klein succinctly replied.
Anderson shrugged and said, “No, it’s not. A normal person will guess that
mermaids are the ingredients you need, as this doesn’t match the rituals
needed by a Sequence 4. But who knew that Adventurer Gehrman Sparrow,
who was at the level of a pirate admiral, was only a Sequence 6.”
What do you mean “only?” Klein resisted the urge of controlling
Anderson’s Spirit Body Threads.
Ignoring the Strongest Hunter who automatically had a provocative halo, he
entered the cabin and returned to his room.
Just as he approached the captain’s cabin, he heard a creak as the door
before him opened.
Cattleya didn’t wear her heavy glasses. She looked at Gehrman Sparrow as
the dark purple hue in her eyes swirled.
“Congratulations on your advancement.
“P-previously in the dream, did I say something?”
“You know what you said,” Klein replied with a deadpan expression.
Cattleya fell silent for two seconds before saying, “You questioned me
about my relationship with Queen Mystic?”
As she spoke, she couldn’t help but look around.
She guessed that Queen Mystic might be on the Future because of my rather
sudden question? I really have to be careful when conversing with a smart
person… Klein nodded, walked past her and returned to his room, leaving
the corridor in silence.
Only when he opened the door and took a step inside did he hear Cattleya’s
voice sound out from the captain’s cabin. It reverberated through the entire
ship.
“Set sail for the return voyage.”
Inside the room, Klein waited a few minutes before reentering the
bathroom. He set up the ritual again and threw Creeping Hunger, which was
turning more irascible due to the lack of food, above the gray fog.
After doing this, he wasn’t in a rush to leave. He summoned the distorted
iron-black Tinder and made it land before him.
After studying it for a moment, Klein placed Tinder inside the iron cigar
case and threw it into the junk pile.
Although this expensive glove was now unusable, Klein was certain that
trash could still be used.
Immediately following that, he slowly took off the already silent Creeping
Hunger, and he similarly placed it into the junk pile.
Phew… Klein remained silent for two seconds before leaving the palace
that looked like a giant’s residence, and then he ventured deep into the
mysterious space above the gray fog.
From his previous exploration, he discovered a bright staircase that seemed
to lead to heaven. He suspected that the number of steps had something to
do with his Sequence; therefore, he immediately came here to confirm it
after he advanced.
After walking for a while, Klein finally saw the holy staircase made out of
pure light. Compared to before, there was another step, making it a total of
five steps.
Indeed… Klein sighed, unsurprised.
Then, he climbed up the staircase that appeared to be prepared for giants
and arrived at the top.
At that moment, he wasn’t that far from the gray fog which was hardened in
midair. He seemed to just need one more step to reach that height.
Klein subconsciously looked up and seemed to see something.