Chapter 565

: Eye of Mystery Prying
Inside the captain’s cabin, Cattleya slowly got up from the floor and walked
in silence to the full-length mirror next to the bookcase.
In the mirror, the skin on her face was fair and smooth, without a single
crack. Her ears were small and normal, showing no signs of expanding. Her
deep purple eyes were calm, as if nothing had happened.
However, she could see more with her eyes that carried a sense of mystery.
Hidden beneath her skin were eye-like flesh and blood that hadn’t fully
dissolved; her Soul Body, whose pain and madness were rapidly dispersing;
innumerable illusory objects with ineffable forms that roamed about; sailors
who were cleaning the deck several rooms away…
Everything within a range of a few dozen meters was revealed to her in an
unobscured but unusually chaotic manner.
From the day she had become a Sequence 5 Constellations Master, her
Mystery Pryer powers had been greatly enhanced. She could faintly see that
there were thick curtains around her that resembled shadows, and behind
the curtains, something seemed to be watching her and all living beings.
There are no traces of being influenced by Mr. Fool, which in turn explains
many things… He, no, ‘He’ was able to directly pull my Soul Body into that
mysterious space with a strange, tyrannical, and secretive power. It’s not
something that a demigod scepter can compare to… Although ‘He’ was
dressed in contemporary clothing, this doesn’t mean anything. For an
existence at this level, it’s very easy for different people to see ‘Him’ in
different forms, and ‘His’ true appearance would probably cause every
person that sees him directly to lose control and die… Cattleya stared at
herself in the mirror, thinking silently about what had just happened.
It was inevitable that she had some predictions about Mr. Fool’s identity,
but this was only guesswork without any evidence.
The fact that ‘He’ is wearing a tailcoat doesn’t mean that ‘He’ is very young
or that ‘He’ was born recently. Perhaps, ‘His’ essence is ancient, even older
than the seven gods. The knowledge that is pursuing me tells me that before
the Cataclysm, there were indeed older gods, and ‘He’ might be one of
them, Cattleya said silently to herself before turning away from the full-
length mirror and walking back to the place where she had struggled in
pain. She picked up her glasses that had fallen to the side.
She put the thick glasses on her nose, hiding her deep purple eyes.
Everything that didn’t appear under a normal person’s vision quickly
disappeared from her sight.
Cattleya stood there, thinking again about the influence Mr. Fool and the
so-called “Tarot Club” would have on her.
Unknowingly, a tall figure surfaced in her mind. The words that she would
never forget had once again echoed in her ears.
“Leave. Your destiny doesn’t lie with me.”
Is this my destiny, Your Majesty? She closed her eyes.
…
In the ancient and majestic palace above the gray fog.
Klein’s fingers tapped the edge of the long, mottled table as he made all the
tarot cards on the table disappear.
He was thinking about what the subsequent developments would be after
the Admiral of Stars joined the Tarot Club.
If there’s no other way, and if I might really need to take a detour from a
safe sea route and enter the sea that was once a battlefield of the gods, to
search for singing mermaids, having The Hermit, who is fearful of The
Fool, in my control is better than cooperating with Vice Admiral Iceberg
Edwina. Using her ship would be much safer… Yes, Mr. Hanged Man will
be a backup choice.
Admiral of Stars is a Moses Ascetic Order member. She grasps plenty of
knowledge and is very helpful towards the Tarot Club, but it’s a latent risk
for me. Mr. Fool’s image is built on the foundation of being
unfathomable… In the future, I have to be more careful. I mustn’t answer
things I’m not sure of. On matters I’m unconfident about, I’d rather be
vague and handle matters like a charlatan. Of course, to fully resolve this
problem, I should quickly improve myself and become a High-Sequence
Beyonder. My strength needs to match my level, and my standards need to
match that pedestal.
With such a Sequence 5 powerhouse with many subordinates under her, the
overall strength of the Tarot Club isn’t considered low.
After obtaining the Sea God Scepter, I don’t have to worry that members of
the Tarot Club will be too strong, with problems easily arising.
I hope that there will come a day when this member of the Moses Ascetic
Order, Admiral of Stars, will be able to play an important role in my
revenge against the Hidden Sage.
Klein exhaled as he vanished from above the gray fog.
…
Backlund. Beneath Saint Samuel Cathedral.
A red-gloved Nighthawk entered the temporary office assigned to them,
with a telegraph in hand.
“Captain, something happened at Enmat Harbor,” he said to Soul Assurer
Soest with some excitement.
Soest touched the right side of his hair and asked, “What happened?”
“There’s a new development from The Fool, the one the Aurora Order is
seeking.” The member holding the telegraph handed the piece of paper
over.
His answer immediately attracted the attention of several Red Gloves who
were present, including the man with black hair and green eyes who was
taking an afternoon nap with his chair lifted up and his feet on the table. He
had covered his face with his hat.
Soest took over the telegraph and scanned it before immediately laughing.
“Someone lied by claiming to be his Blessed in an attempt to scam others,
but after chanting his name, he was smote to death on the spot by a bolt of
lightning.
“There really is a hidden existence known as The Fool…”
The files relating to the Tarot ritual and The Fool had been handed over to
Soest’s Red Gloves team. They were in charge of the investigations, but
there were no leads, and they didn’t put much emphasis on it because they
had other missions on hand.
“The Fool has powers in the lightning domain?” Leonard Mitchell removed
the black hat from his face.
“Who knows? If he’s the embodiment of some old friend of ours, it’s
possible to do something similar by preparing a corresponding mystical
item. It’s not without precedent. This is especially so for the fake gods in
the Southern Continent and the colonial islands. Holy Lord of Storms, those
cheats claim that The Fool is another manifestation of the Lord of Storms.
This might also be why he was smitten to death.” Soest leisurely threw the
telegraph aside.
Leonard glanced at it, lowered his feet, half turned, and chuckled.
“Aren’t we going to perform some investigations?”
“How? Are you going to feign ignorance and recite his honorific name?”
Soest sneered.
This has a high probability of catching the tail of The Fool, but I will
basically be bidding farewell to this world. My digestion of the Nightmare
potion has been going pretty well, and I just got another good item. There
are still plenty of Sequences up ahead which are waiting for me. How can I
enter into an eternal sleep so soon? Leonard stroked his drooping hair
strands and said, “We can get a few criminals on death row to give it a try?”
“But he could just as easily not respond.” Soest shook his head.
“We can start from the two cases that involved the tarot rituals. I’m more
and more convinced that it has something to do with The Fool. Firstly, The
Fool is one of the Major Arcana tarot cards. Secondly, the organization that
is seeking or cracking down on his Blessed is the Aurora Order. And the
first case that involved the tarot ritual is the Lanevus case. As such, the
Aurora Order’s attempt to allow the True Creator’s descent was foiled.”
Lanevus pulled at his black vest and got up.
Soest thought about it seriously and said, “The clues from the other cases
happen to have been cut off as well. For now, we have nothing else to do.
You can try to investigate the two tarot ritual cases.”
“Sure.” Leonard smiled back.
This was exactly what he wanted. With a case that no one cared about being
handed to him, he had won a certain amount of time to act freely.
…
At 2:50 p.m., Fors returned from the cold streets to her residence while
trembling.
It wasn’t that she wanted to go out in this damp, cold weather, but it was
that she had run out of food at home. As for Xio, she had gone all the way
to Pritz Harbor to capture a fugitive and collect the bounty. It was unknown
when she would be able to return home.
She’s always instinctively chasing after and capturing fugitives. It can be
said that she has been acting in some way… Holding the large brown paper
bag in her arms, she habitually fished for her keys to open the mailbox and
take out the letters and bills.
She entered the house, put the food away, and took off her thick coat that
tightly clung to her body. Fors began to look through the letters.
Suddenly, her eyes lit up. There was a letter from her teacher, Dorian Gray.
After she advanced to Trickmaster, the first thing she did was to write about
it in her letter and mail it to Dorian Gray, hoping to receive her teacher’s
praise and subsequent guidance. However, days had passed without her
receiving a reply. For a moment, she wondered if she should visit Pritz
Harbor out of concern.
Fors quickly opened the envelope and began to read through it.
“… I’m sorry that I have only replied now. I previously left Pritz Harbor for
some time for a relative’s funeral.
“… Your talent leaves me gratified. Perhaps the stories hidden in your heart
have helped you in acting. After you digest the Trickmaster potion, I’ll
provide you with the Sequence 7 Astrologer formula and some ingredients,
as well as a gift…
“… The crux when it comes to acting as a Trickmaster lies in ‘performing’
and ‘hoodwinking.’ Hoodwinking can also be replaced with deceit. This has
been verified by generations of Beyonders… You can take into
consideration other pathways like Swindler and Magician. The meaning
behind their names is, in some sense, similar…”
Fors heaved a sigh of relief, glanced up at the wall clock, and hurried back
to her bedroom before locking the door behind her.
The weekly Tarot Gathering was beginning.
Not long after, a crimson light flooded her eyes, drowning everything.
In the ancient and mysterious palace, just as Fors was about to look at Mr.
Fool, she suddenly saw a figure beside her.
That seat had always been empty!
A new member? A lady? The Magician Fors moved her eyeballs slightly,
pretending not to care as she half turned her body.
Another new member? And it’s a lady… Miss Justice was about to get up
and greet Mr. Fool when she saw an unfamiliar figure.
While feeling puzzled and expectant, she discovered a problem. The women
were on one side of the table, while the men were on the other side.
This should be divided according to Mr. Fool’s intentions. I wonder if
there’s any symbolic meaning behind it… Yes, the ladies are on the left, and
the men are on the right. Being neither left or right is what defines a god
like Mr. Fool. Ah, yes, there’s also Mr. World… Heh heh, could it be that
he’s neither man or woman, or even a human? Audrey, you’re thinking too
much… Justice stood up and bowed, speaking with a light and brisk tone.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~”