Chapter 721

: Klein’s Guidance
On the Future, Frank Lee rolled up his sleeves and began flicking his
fountain pen while writing with a smile.
“My dear friend, Gehrman Sparrow, I have good news for you. I have
successfully cultivated a new breed of mushrooms by using the flesh and
blood of a Rose Bishop. As long as there’s fish, it will keep growing. We’ll
no longer have to worry about not being able to eat mushrooms due to long
voyages. Furthermore, it has been crossbred with beef, making it taste
excellent!
“Its only flaw is that there’s no way to make it catch fish by itself. External
help is needed, but I don’t think it’s too big a problem. After all, based on
what Nina said, it wouldn’t corrupt the ocean. Well, let’s just pretend she’s
right.
“I’ve mailed you some dried mushrooms. As long as you give it water and
fish, they will immediately become normal and reproduce by themselves. I
hope you will like my gift…”
After going on and on, Frank finally folded the letter and placed it in an
envelope. He stuffed three dried mushrooms into it before applying glue
and sealing it.
After doing all of this, he took out the note Klein had given him, followed
the description written, and began to seriously prepare the ritual needed to
summon the messenger.
This wasn’t complicated for Frank, so it didn’t take long for him to set up
the altar and create a wall of spirituality.
Finally, he solemnly placed a Loen gold coin before the candle.
He lit the candle, softly chanted the incantation, and stared at the flame. He
watched it burgeon as a headless woman walked out with four heads in
hand.
Frank first jumped in fright before staring at Reinette Tinekerr’s four
beautiful blonde, red-eyed heads that looked identical with patience as he
muttered, “How was it done?
“Why are they completely identical?
“If planted in soil, will more be grown?”
The eyes of the four heads held by Reinette Tinekerr turned in different
directions before uniformly falling on Frank Lee’s face.
Suddenly, the soil stored inside all kinds of vessels within the room flew out
and piled before Frank.
Following that, Frank floated up as he tumbled in midair with a shocked
expression. He was thrown straight into the pile of soil with his head first.
His legs kept struggling as they dangled outside, but he was unable to pull
himself out of the soil pile anytime soon.
Only then did two of Reinette Tinekerr’s four heads reach out forward,
separately biting down on the letter and the gold coin.
Only after she completely disappeared did Frank Lee finally find the best
spot to exert his strength to escape the soil as he fell to the ground.
She’s powerful… Frank first sighed with a sense of lingering fear. Following
that, he wiped the soil beside his mouth, bit into it, and chewed on it
carefully before muttering to himself, “It’s a bit sour…”
At that moment, Cattleya, who had just finished a sacrifice in her cabin,
sensed something. Her dark purple eyes subconsciously looked towards
Frank Lee’s room, and she vaguely saw a crudely-made illusory doll.
The doll didn’t have a head!
The scene flashed as Cattleya closed her eyes immediately. She felt her eyes
were burning as she couldn’t help but have her tears flow out.
She knitted brows little by little as she muttered in disbelief, “Ancient
Bane?”
…
After sending the Meteorite Crystal and Black-hunting Giant Lizard’s spinal
fluid to Miss Magician and Miss Justice, Klein returned to the real world.
He lay himself down on a reclining chair as he allowed his body to rock
gently. He began considering where he would head to next.
With news of Gehrman Sparrow’s sighting and Crazy Captain Connors
Viktor’s matter, it’s unlikely that the pirates will openly appear in Bayam for
some time. They’ve either left the harbors or are hiding themselves, making
it difficult for others to find them.
That is to say that there’s no need for me to stay here. The matters
regarding the Resistance can be directed by responding to them through Sea
God or by going through Danitz.
Hmm, I’ll head to the Seaweed Bar later. I’ll get a fake identity, buy a
scalped ticket, and head for Desi Bay’s Conant City… That’s not only the
biggest harbor around here, but it’s also Davy Raymond’s hometown. I
previously agreed to this Red Glove’s request when I released him from
Creeping Hunger that I would pay this beautiful bay city a visit and tell his
daughter that revenge has been exacted. Yes, I’ll also think of a way to
return the Nightmare’s Beyonder characteristic to the Church.
Heh heh, how hypocritical can people be? I’m planning on returning a
Nightmare characteristic while also planning how to steal a Sealed Artifact
from behind Saint Samuel Cathedral’s Chanis Gate…
Shaking his head, Klein closed his eyes and slept to recover his spirituality.
After an unknown period of time, he suddenly felt something as he opened
his eyes naturally. He quickly activated his Spirit Vision.
Then, he saw Reinette Tinekerr walk out of the void.
This messenger was wearing the same complicated black dress, with a letter
clasped in one of the head’s teeth.
Who mailed it? Danitz, Vice Admiral Iceberg, Frank, or Anderson? Klein
received the letter as he nodded in appreciation.
“Thank you.”
He was very courteous with his powerful messenger with a mysterious
background. He didn’t wish to be strangled to death one day.
“Do you…” “Want to…” “Immediately…” “Reply…” Reinette Tinekerr’s
four heads spoke one after another.
Klein tore open the envelope, took out the letter and opened it to read it.
The content alarmed him as he nearly forgot to reply to her. As for Reinette
Tinekerr, she wasn’t quick-tempered. She silently waited by the side.
One day, Frank Lee will destroy the world. He definitely needs to be
controlled. I can’t give him a chance to advance! Seriously, how much does
this fellow love to crossbreed and create all kinds of strange plants? Eh…
the City of Silver is in need of food… A thought flashed through Klein’s
mind as he had a bold idea.
It was to direct Frank’s research efforts towards all kinds of food that suited
the City of Silver!
This way, cows, fish, mushrooms, Rose Bishops, the sea, and the world
would be safe!
Klein hurriedly looked up and said to his messenger, “Yes, I’ll immediately
reply.”
He instantly got up from the reclining chair, walked to the desk, got out a
pen and paper, and started writing quickly.
“… I have a question. If you eat the mushroom breed you create, then eat
cooked fish and drink a cup of water, will it continue to reproduce?”
After finishing the reminder, Klein proceeded to the main point.
“… Is it possible for you to create wheat that can grow without sunlight, or
cows that can produce milk and meat simply by consuming monsters? That
seems rather interesting!”
He continued on this topic and wrote a few paragraphs before folding the
letter. He then handed it to Reinette Tinekerr and, in a natural way. he said,
“The postage will be paid by Frank.”
“Let’s hope…” He…” “Isn’t…” “Dead…” After the messenger’s four heads
said those words one after another, a representative was made to bite on the
envelope.
Let’s hope he isn’t dead? Klein jumped in fright. Just as he was about to
clarify the matter, Reinette Tinekerr had already entered the spirit world and
disappeared.
After contemplating for two seconds, Klein wrote a divination statement
and used his topaz pendant to confirm that Frank Lee was still alive.
He silently heaved a sigh of relief, packed up the dried mushrooms, and
rubbed his temples before lying back into the reclining chair.
…
After dinner. At the Seaweed Bar.
Klein wore an ordinary-looking face and came here once again.
Unlike before, the customers in the bar were mainly mixed-blood or natives
who had darker skin and curly black hair. They were either part of the gangs
in Bayam, or they were secretly working for the Resistance, or even both.
There weren’t many ordinary people, and the commonly seen pirates who
often came from different countries were all gone. Only a few people
dressed as adventurers were drinking liquor and discussing rumors at sea.
Klein swept the bar and found Deniel, who Danitz had mentioned. This thin
local could provide him with fake identification documents and scalped
ship tickets.
Without any apprehension, he went over.
“A second-class ticket to Conant for tomorrow, and an identification
document.”
Deniel looked up and glanced at him. After some thought, he said, “A total
of 20 pounds.”
Just a second-class ticket to Conant costs around nine pounds… However,
scalped tickets are more expensive to begin with. Together with the faked
identification documents, 20 pounds isn’t too ridiculous… Klein silently did
the math before saying, “When can I get it?”
“In 45 minutes,” Deniel replied like clockwork. “You can pay 5 pounds
first, and then pay the rest after receiving the ticket and identification.”
“Alright.” Klein didn’t harp on the issue as he took out his wallet and pulled
out five one-pound notes.
He wasn’t worried that anyone would target his wallet, for it might mean
that he would save the 20 pounds, or even get more.
Moments after Deniel checked the authenticity of the notes and was about
to inform his subordinates to get working, he suddenly realized that the bar
was extremely silent!
Klein also sensed it as he subconsciously looked towards the door.
There were two people there. One was wearing a formal tailcoat and a black
trench coat, with brown hair neatly combed backwards. His eyes weren’t
big, but they were bright and piercing. He had a thin mustache around his
mouth, making him exude a gentlemanly feeling while also looking a little
sloppy. The other person wore a hooded robe which was rather rare. His
face was hidden in the shadows, making it impossible to identify him.
The sloppy gentleman scanned the area and was rather pleased with the
crowd’s reaction. A silver coin was tumbling in between his fingers as he
walked towards Deniel. The hooded person followed behind him, taking out
something from his clothes and stuffing it into his mouth, producing
crunching sounds.
The silver coin stopped moving when the sloppy gentleman came in front
of Deniel. He said with a chuckle, “Prepare ten tickets to Pritz Harbor
tomorrow for me. They need to be split between three different ships.”
“Yes, Mr. Oder,” Deniel stood up in a panic as he replied.
Klein momentarily failed to recall who the sloppy gentleman who was
tumbling the silver coin in his hand was. Only when he heard the name
“Oder” did he find him familiar.
As he was recalling, he saw the man in the hood take out a coffee-colored
sweet before popping it into his mouth. He was munching on it, producing
the sounds.
After obtaining an affirmative reply, Oder and the man didn’t stay any
longer. They walked to the staircase in the quiet atmosphere, and they
headed for the second floor of the bar.
Deniel exhaled as he turned his head to see Klein looking puzzled. He then
said, “Oder. The adventurer, Oder, who serves the Dawn.”
… I remember, Silver Coin Viper Oder! He’s always claimed that he works
for Queen Mystic, but no one could prove it. I can ask Ma’am Hermit
later… The last I heard of him was at Damir Harbor. He was apparently
mixing with Admiral of Blood’s intelligence officer, Old Quinn… However,
the latter has already been finished off by Mr. Hanged Man… Klein
instantly recalled many things as he deliberated and asked, “What about the
other one?”
“Who knows?” Deniel turned his head to instruct his subordinates as he got
them to prepare some identification documents and the corresponding ship
tickets.