Chapter 1207

Dorian“s Decision
Backlund, Cherwood Borough. 22 Hope Street, Hat Trick Inn.
With broad shoulders and thick arms, Dorian Gray Abraham unknowingly
paced back and forth in the room, waiting for his student, Fors, to visit.
No matter how composed and mentally prepared he was, he couldn’t help
but feel nervous and uneasy when he eventually needed to face the answer.
After an unknown period of time, there was a series of knocks on the door.
Dorian listened to the rhythm for a few seconds before taking a deep breath.
He walked to the door, twisted the handle, and pulled it back.
Outside the door was the brown-haired, curly-haired Fors, who was wearing
a dark-colored long dress and a pair of tinted glasses.
Dorian habitually looked behind Fors, and after confirming that no one was
looking in their direction, he made way for his student to pass.
At the same time, he glanced at Fors’s hands and realized that his student
wasn’t carrying any luggage.
Dorian retracted his gaze and walked to the middle of the room. He found a
seat and sat down before pointing to the sofa opposite him.
“Have a seat.”
Fors cautiously lifted the ends of her skirt slightly, sat down, and greeted,
“Good morning, Teacher.”
Dorian didn’t go straight to the point. After some thought, he said, “Did the
lot of you really kill Botis?”
“Yes.” Fors took out an exquisite, long cigar case from her pocket and
opened it to show Dorian its interior.
It was a pair of dark-black eyes that were frozen with indescribable horror,
as though they had seen something extremely terrifying before they died.
Dorian had originally been mentally prepared. It was just like receiving the
terrifying head that would cause nightmares the previous time, one that was
put together one bloody fragment at a time. He never expected his student
to not carry any luggage and to only take out a ladies’ cigar case.
This made him believe that it was a relic that could prove Botis’s identity,
but the truth was beyond his expectations once again.
This was still Botis’s corpse, but there was even less than what Lewis Wien
left behind!
Only a pair of eyes are left… The spiritual intuition of an Astrologer
convinced Dorian that the eyeball belonged to Botis.
Seeing that the teacher had fallen silent, Fors subconsciously explained,
“His body has completely collapsed and dissipated. Only this pair of
eyeballs is still intact.”
She paused for a moment before saying, “These eyeballs contain the
remnants of the terror and contamination of the Box of the Great Old Ones
before Botis’s passing. It’s a very strong cursed item, so I didn’t send it
directly to you. It would cause terrible things to happen to the postman, and
he might even die unknowingly.”
The corruption of the Box of the Great Old Ones… Dorian nodded in
enlightenment and sighed with a smile.
“Did he eventually die under the hands of the Box of the Great Old Ones?
“This is really fate…”
The first item that Botis had stolen after his betrayal from leading the
Aurora Order over was the Box of the Great Old Ones.
Fors had heard Ma’am Hermit’s and Miss Justice’s description of the
general situation at the private gathering where they distributed the spoils of
war. She learned how gorgeous and dangerous the battle she had missed
was. She thought for a moment and said, “You could say that…
“However, before he was contaminated by the Box of the Great Old Ones,
he had already begun losing control.”
Dorian wasn’t surprised as he said to his student, “Keep it. This is a spoil of
war you deserve.”
After Fors closed the cigar case and placed it back into her pocket, Dorian
leaned forward, clasped his hands, and touched his nose.
“Botis was one of the most talented Apprentices I have ever seen. Who
knew that he would end up like this…”
Having said that, Dorian let out a long sigh as though he was recalling and
confessing something.
Fors didn’t know much about the details of what had happened back then,
so she didn’t dare to speak recklessly. She could only remain silent and wait
for her teacher to recover from his mixed emotions.
Ten seconds later, Dorian straightened his body and asked, “How did you
digest the Scribe potion?”
This wasn’t only to show concern for his student, but also to accumulate
experience to provide some guidance to the other members of the family.
Fors’s expression immediately turned complicated as though she was
recalling something she didn’t wish to recall.
“It’s mainly because someone had provided me with help. On the one hand,
I ‘Recorded’ a lot of unique or high-level abilities. On the other hand, I was
brought to many places in the past few months where I ‘Recorded’ different
cultures and beautiful scenery…”
Dorian fell silent for a moment before nodding.
“This isn’t easy to imitate…”
He then asked, “Gehrman Sparrow?”
“Yes.” Fors gave an affirmative response.
Dorian fell silent again. A few seconds later, he said, “What kind of deal
does he want to make?
“Or rather, what does he want?”
Fors focused her attention and answered in an embarrassed manner, “He
wants the potion formula of a Planeswalker, and he plans on using the Box
of the Great Old Ones to exchange for one of the two Grade 0 Sealed
Artifacts in your family’s hands.”
This price was definitely a generous offer. Fors had originally thought that
Mr. World was going to use a promise to exchange for the Planeswalker
potion formula and a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, but she never expected him to
throw in the Box of the Great Old Ones.
Of course, it was definitely of value to allow the Abraham family to be free
of the curse. However, a promise was forever a promise that might not be
fulfilled.
Dorian wasn’t surprised by Gehrman Sparrow’s request for a Grade 0
Sealed Artifact. He had long been mentally prepared, and instead, he felt
that the conditions were beyond his imagination. After all, the Abraham
family didn’t have many things that a demigod could covet at this point in
time.
He frowned slightly and said, “Why does he want the potion formula of a
Planeswalker?”
“I don’t know,” Fors answered frankly.
Dorian stood up and started pacing.
Suddenly, he stopped and looked at Fors.
“I need to meet him and have a chat before I can make a decision.”
“Alright.” Fors agreed without any hesitation.
Dorian heaved a sigh of relief and prepared to send his student away before
quickly taking out the medicine for his consumption.
He had arranged to meet at this time because he had taken into
consideration that his curse would happen at any moment. If anything were
to happen, the enemy wouldn’t be able to channel his spirit in time.
However, after Fors got up, she didn’t walk to the door. She stood on the
spot and grabbed at the void.
Her arm suddenly sank, and she quickly pulled out a figure wearing a black
trench coat and silk top hat.
This figure had black hair and brown eyes. His facial features were cut and
cold. It was none other than Gehrman Sparrow.
Gehrman Sparrow’s eyes moved slightly as he quickly recovered from his
sluggish look and became no different from a real person.
“Teacher, he’s here.” Fors introduced seriously, “He’s Gehrman Sparrow.”
This action left Dorian Gray Abraham slightly agape. He forgot to close his
mouth and didn’t respond for a moment.
Although he came from an ancient family clan and knew many secrets,
there were many things he couldn’t imagine even if he read the description
due to him being only a Sequence 7.
After moving his consciousness over, Klein reached into his clothes and
took out a golden pocket watch.
Pa! He opened his pocket watch and took a look. Without any emotions, he
said to Dorian, “You have three minutes.”
…It’s exactly as the rumors say. He’s cold, arrogant, and crazy… Dorian
didn’t dare to waste any time and directly said, “Give me a reason to
believe in your promise.”
As he closed his pocket watch, Klein placed it back into his inner pocket
and said, “In truth, I’m already aware of the ritual that allows Mr. Door to
return.”
Dorian’s eyes lit up. Just as he was about to ask, he heard Gehrman
Sparrow calmly add, “But I don’t plan to do that.”
“Why?” Dorian and Fors were puzzled, but one dared to ask while the other
didn’t.
Klein looked out the window and said, “Do you know about the corruption
from the cosmos?”
When it came to understanding the cosmos, the Abraham family was
definitely ranked first outside the true deities and angels. Klein believed
that they must’ve left behind some hints and hidden records.
Dorian nodded solemnly and said, “Yes.”
“I suspect that Mr. Door has been corrupted by the cosmos,” Klein
explained simply. “As for my promise, it can be fulfilled right away.
However, you might not be willing to do so. Furthermore, it doesn’t
completely resolve the curse.”
“What’s the solution?” Dorian asked as he controlled his surging emotions.
Klein’s expression immediately turned serious.
“You and your family members will change their faith to my Lord. That
way, when the full moon or Blood Moon happens, you will be blessed and
no longer suffer from the curse.”
After completely digesting the Scholar of Yore potion, there was no need
for him to pull a person above the gray fog to avoid Mr. Door’s ravings. He
could directly use “Angel’s Embrace” to resolve the problem. The only
thing he needed to worry about now was that there might be too many
members of the Abraham family. It might overwhelm him, or he might not
have enough spirituality.
“…Who is your Lord?” Dorian asked after a moment of silence.
Klein suppressed his shame and said solemnly, “The great Mr. Fool.”
“The Fool… Are you from the Antigonus family?” Dorian suddenly made
some connections.
Klein shook his head and rejected his guess.
Dorian fell silent again, but considering that there were only three minutes
left, he hurriedly asked, “If we believe in that entity, we can avoid the
troubles brought about by the curse?”
As an ancient family member, he knew very well how dangerous it was to
believe in an unknown existence. He was afraid that he would resolve Mr.
Door’s ravings, but bring about another curse.
Klein answered frankly, “This is just a temporary solution. I will find a
better solution for you.”
Dorian nodded and quickly said, “I will try to believe in your Lord and give
you the potion formula of Planeswalker. If the curse can really be resolved
temporarily, we will complete the transaction of the Grade 0 Sealed
Artifact.”
He planned on using himself as an experiment to see if the method worked.
Furthermore, he didn’t plan on telling the other family members. He wanted
to get them to wait for Gehrman Sparrow’s supposedly better solution until
they couldn’t wait any longer.
“Alright.” Klein took out a pen and paper from his pocket and scribbled the
honorific name of The Fool.
As for Dorian, he also began to use a crystal ball to aid in his memories,
recording down the potion formula of Planeswalker.
After the exchange, Klein cast his gaze towards the supplementary
ingredients and ritual.
“Supplementary ingredients: One Worm of Star, one Worm of Time, one
Worm of Spirit.
“Advancement ritual: Leave legends in nine places outside this planet.”