Chapter 746

: Same Night
After hearing The Hanged Man’s description, Klein couldn’t help but recall
Red Angel Medici and the evil spirit found in the underground ruin.
However, he didn’t share the discoveries of his exploration this time.
Firstly, there wasn’t a need to, and secondly, it involved Miss Sharron.
As for the other members, they had already learned that Bansy Harbor had
been destroyed. And since The Hanged Man hadn’t revealed any new
information, there was no need for them to reply to the matter.
Realizing that no one was saying anything, Alger glanced at The World
before looking back. He said calmly, “That’s all from me.”
The Hermit immediately turned to look at Fors.
“Ma’am, what do you know about Mr. Door? I can pay for the
corresponding piece of information.”
Fors, who didn’t wish to expose her problems, suddenly hesitated when she
heard the latter half of the sentence. She was momentarily tempted.
Payment. I wonder how much Ma’am Hermit can pay me… I don’t really
know much about Mr. Door either… Furthermore, some of the knowledge
stems from Mr. Fool’s words… Fors looked to the end of the long bronze
table once again and asked, “Honorable Mr. Fool, can I tell her?”
As he met her every full moon, Klein knew that Miss Magician’s financial
situation wasn’t in the best of states, so he smiled with a nod.
“Yes.”
Fors silently heaved a sigh of relief, turned to Cattleya, and said, “500
pounds. You can request for a private exchange.”
Cattleya didn’t bargain. After some thought, she said, “There’s no need. Just
say it directly.”
She wished to see if the other members would be able to figure out more
about Mr. Door from Miss Magician’s description.
Fors nodded and deliberated over her words.
“I once obtained a mystical item that helped me traverse the spirit world.
But after using it, I would hear strange ravings every full moon or Blood
Moon. It would inflict an excruciating pain upon me that puts me on the
verge of losing control.
“And according to Mr. Fool, these ravings come from Mr. Door.”
She paused and added, “‘He’ might be asking for help.”
So Fors has been silently suffering such pain… She usually doesn’t show it,
acting as though she greatly enjoys life… As Audrey subconsciously pitied
her friend, she began wondering how she hadn’t discovered anything
abnormal about Fors with her Spectator powers.
Mystical item that can traverse the spirit world… Ravings during the full
moon… Suspected to be asking for help… Cattleya repeated Miss
Magician’s key points as she nodded with satisfaction.
“Thank you for your description.”
She then swept her gaze at the other members, regretfully realizing that no
one else had any additional reaction.
The free exchange continued and soon came to an end.
Watching the other members leave and helping them complete a few
transactions, Klein returned to the real world as he sat in his reclining chair,
feeling relaxed as he rested for a while.
Following that, he walked to his desk, and he picked up a pen and paper to
write to Sharron. He told her that the Scales of Luck had been sold, leaving
only the Biological Poison Bottle for sale, as well as the Lunatic Beyonder
characteristic.
After folding the letter, he wrote the information such as “126 Garde Street,
Hillston,” and “Ma’am Maryam.” Then, he opened his iron cigar case and
made Admiral of Blood Senor silently appear beside him.
This Wraith acted like a valet as he humbly picked up the letter on the table
before vanishing from the room.
A few streets away, a letter appeared out of nowhere in a mailbox as it fell
inside.
…
East Chester County, the Hall Family Manor.
Audrey looked at the mirror with her unfocused green eyes as the contents
of the Book of Secrets filled her mind.
This knowledge formed an illusory book that appeared upon being recalled.
She could then flip to the corresponding page simply by willing it.
This was a result of Klein directly using a portion of the powers from the
mysterious space above the gray fog to create a product that was a fusion of
information bestowment and the Seer’s dreamscape ability to recall it. It
could last a week or two.
And this was sufficient for Audrey to finish reading the Book of Secrets. If
she had anything she couldn’t recall in the future, she could always request
for a bestowment.
Mr. Fool’s condition seems to be improving… Audrey thought in delight as
a twinkle gradually returned to her eyes.
She stood up, walked to the door, and said to the bored golden retriever who
was sprawled on the ground outside, “Susie, you don’t look lady-like
enough this way.”
Susie looked around warily and twitched her nose before saying, “This is
the most standard action during hound training.”
But you aren’t a qualified hound… Audrey lampooned as she said with a
smile, “I thought you would reply: ‘Audrey, I’m only a dog~’”
Susie replied in a serious manner, “An excessive use of repeated words
makes it easy for others to grasp your personal habits and mental
gymnastics.
“Audrey, that’s what that book on psychology wrote.”
“…”
Audrey was momentarily at a loss for words. At that moment, she saw her
father, Earl Hall, with his valet and attendant walking up the castle’s
staircase.
Even though it was sunny outside, this place remained dark and gloomy.
There were even candle stands that had been lit. They were embedded in the
walls as they illuminated the stairs.
“This castle is just too old. I think it needs a major renovation,” Earl Hall
casually grumbled to his daughter.
Audrey nodded in a demure manner and said, “Yes, my dear earl. This is
precisely why I dislike this place. It makes me feel like I’m slowly rotting
away.”
“But I’m actually spending 13,000 pounds a year to repair this place,” Earl
Hall said with a regretful chuckle.
Audrey glanced at Susie and smiled at her father.
“Father, is there something for me?”
Earl Hall pointed at the papers in his attendant’s hands.
“A telegram from Backlund. Someone is selling 10% of the Backlund Bike
Company. Are you interested? I think this industry has a very bright future.
And it’s currently far from reaching its lowest estimated prospects.”
“Bike?” Audrey found the word rather unfamiliar as her eyes darted around,
her expression slightly confused.
Earl Hall smiled at his daughter.
“It’s a kind of machinery with two wheels that allows a person to ride on it.
You can understand it as a carriage for the ordinary person.”
“In Loen and Backlund, the majority of the population doesn’t mostly
comprise of the nobles or businessmen, but the ordinary people who engage
in labor work. Next would be the type of people with some technical skill
and standing. This is the target audience of the bike. They have absolute
numbers, as well as the required ability to purchase it. Even if 10% of them
are willing to buy a bike, it will lead to quite a wonderful development for
this company.
“Yes, they hold the corresponding patents.”
Audrey trusted her father’s foresight, and she could understand the
prospects as described by him. She nodded gently and said, “How much
would the 10% shares cost?”
“According to preliminary estimates, the Backlund Bike Company is
currently valued at 50,000 pounds. This is because the product’s advertising
and sales campaign still needs time to develop further. Therefore, you can’t
naively believe that the 10% shares are only worth 5,000 pounds. I suggest
that you bid 8,000 pounds in the first round of bidding, with a bottom-line
price of 15,000 pounds. I will send people to help you in this matter,” Earl
Hall answered succinctly.
About 10,000 pounds… I’ve mostly used up the cash for this month…
Clearly a little embarrassed, Audrey said, “Father, I won’t be able to
produce that much money on such short notice. And selling my shares,
estate, collections, or await their profits will require some time.”
Earl Hall laughed out loud.
“There’s no need to go through so much hassle. You can mortgage your
shares in the Backlund Munitions Corporation or Pritz Commercial Marine
Company to the bank for a short period of time to obtain the cash. Once the
matter is complete, you can mortgage the shares in the Backlund Bike
Company for a longer period of time, using the mortgage loan to pay off the
first loan.
“This way, you’ll only need to pay about a week to two weeks of relatively
high interest to complete the trade. And the bike company’s dividends a
year would be enough to cover the interest of the long-term loan. You’ll
then be able to patiently wait for its value be recognized, and that’s a high-
probability event.”
Although Audrey had never received a complete education in commercial
finance, she wasn’t too unfamiliar with such matters with a major banker as
her father. Some thought had allowed her to understand the entire process as
she asked as a form of confirmation, “That’s to say, I only need to pay about
two to three hundred pounds to obtain 10% of the bike company’s shares?”
“Or lower,” Earl Hall said with a smile.
Audrey understood her father. As the largest shareholder of the Varvat
Bank, as well as the fourth-largest shareholder of the Backlund Bank, he
had the ability to help his daughter to obtain the most reasonable interest for
a short-term loan.
“Thank you, my dear earl.” Audrey smiled as she curtsied.
…
Under the moonlight, with the dark-blue seawater nearing the color of
black, Alger Wilson stood at the bow of the ship as he watched the silent
outline of Pasu Island.
This was the headquarters of the Church of Storms, a land where a true
god’s grace was showered.
As a middle-ranking member of the Church, Alger recalled himself coming
here only three times. The first was him finding the Blue Avenger and after
advancing to Seafarer. The second was his report last year, and this time.
And very long ago, as a mixed-blood with dark blue hair, he had been
selected to enter the headquarters to be a member of the children’s choir,
but without any talent in singing, he was soon dismissed. He returned to the
chapel on the island where he was born to be a servant. And the priest there
was an extremely violent superior to his subordinates.
Every time he recalled that piece of history, his expression would turn
extremely livid, fortifying his thirst to become a high-ranking member of
the Church.
Amidst the wind, the Blue Avenger silently cruised forward into the harbor.
…
In Backlund, which had also ushered in the night, Emlyn White, who was
dressed in a starched formal suit and top hat, infiltrated the residence of
another Sanguine Baron, Rus Báthory.
He believed that Rus would be taking action soon to reel in his bait. And for
a Sanguine, a night with the crimson moon was very suitable for hunting.
After an unknown period of time, Emlyn’s eyes suddenly lit up. He saw a
figure leap from a window facing the house’s rear before landing silently on
the ground.