Chapter 960

: The Fool’s Sigh
Upon hearing the name “Gehrman Sparrow,” all the members on both sides
of the long bronze table looked at The World. No one spoke or interjected.
They more or less knew that the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow, had
once again done something huge such as killing Admiral Hell Ludwell.
However, Audrey didn’t believe that this was the main reason why he
would suffer mental problems.
And the way they acted made Leonard instantly realize a fact: Everyone in
the Tarot Club knew that The World was Gehrman Sparrow!
Klein’s disguise is really well done… However, why does he let the other
members know of his identity as Gehrman Sparrow? Isn’t it common sense
to hide one’s background at such gatherings? Amidst his puzzlement,
Leonard heard the blurry-figured The World reply with a hoarse voice,
“What clues has MI9 obtained?”
Xio showed no shame in betraying MI9 as she replied frankly, “They have
confirmed that the identity “Gehrman Sparrow’ is fabricated, and that it was
sourced from Backlund.”
Indeed, he was previously known as Sherlock Moriarty. He became
Gehrman Sparrow after leaving Backlund. However, Sherlock Moriarty
isn’t his real identity either… Leonard subconsciously surveyed the area
and realized that, although the other members weren’t surprised, they didn’t
seem to show any signs of realizing it. Hence, he believed that their
knowledge of Klein was only at the uppermost surface.
Under Klein’s control, The World Gehrman Sparrow chuckled and
answered Miss Judgment’s information, “There’s no need to bother about
such matters.”
To him, to figure out who the fake identity of Gehrman Sparrow was given
to, one had to first capture Queen Mystic Bernadette, or one had to obtain
news of Sharron from her. Clearly, the level of difficulty made it nearly
impossible!
In comparison, if they did the same as Leonard, starting off from the events
in which Detective Sherlock Moriarty was involved in, there was a chance
of them figuring out more. However, since MI9 had chosen the wrong
direction, Klein was happy to see them take the futile route.
Mr. World is unperturbed and very confident… Xio retracted her gaze and
didn’t continue.
At this moment, Audrey deliberated and asked, “Mr. World, will you be
returning to Backlund in the future? Will you still use the identity of
Dwayne Dantès?”
As a qualified Psychiatrist, she obviously wasn’t going to inform the mental
problems of The World to the other members of the Tarot Club. She only
wanted to confirm if he would still return to the Loen Charity Bursary
Foundation. That way, she could be in closer contact to him in the real
world, allowing for a better checkup.
She didn’t conceal the matter about Dwayne Dantès, since the original
members already knew of it. As for Mr. Star, he was clearly familiar with
Mr. World. As for Xio, she had Fors to inform her ahead of time.
Ah… Upon hearing Miss Justice’s words, Leonard nearly couldn’t believe
his ears as he felt a little confused.
Klein Moretti is equivalent to Dwayne Dantès?
I’ve once asked Dwayne Dantès to his face about Klein Moretti…
No, it’s impossible. Dwayne Dantès is an undying creature who has lived
since the Fourth Epoch! The way he acted is sufficient proof!
Old Man said the same too!
At that moment, Leonard was unable to control his tumultuous emotions.
He instinctively rejected the fact that Miss Justice had conveyed.
If what appeared here was his Astral Projection, he felt that his expressions
would be rather obviousoscillating between red and white.
Opposite Leonard, Xio looked up as well, looking at Mr. World with
puzzlement.
He’s Dwayne Dantès? Dwayne Dantès is Gehrman Sparrow?
I even accepted his butler’s mission… I even protected him before… I even
pitied him…
He can squash me to death with one hand…
Xio then turn her head and glared at Fors.
I don’t dare to say too much about Mr. World. I could only briefly mention
a little… Fors turned her eyes away in guilt as she mumbled silently. Alger
and Cattleya figured out something from the duo’s reactions:
Miss Magician and Miss Judgment knew each other in the real world.
Miss Judgment had once interacted with Dwayne Dantès before, but she
didn’t know that he was Gehrman Sparrow.
As a senior Spectator, Audrey noticed the abnormalities of The Star and
Judgment without a doubt. Immediately, she understood that she had made
too many assumptions.
Audrey, you need to reflect on this! She said to herself in embarrassment
and attempted to make up for it before Mr. World spoke.
“Dwayne Dantès is a public identity. At times, it will be Mr. World, and at
other times, it will be the other Blessed of Mr. Fool.”
So that’s how it is… Makes sense! Leonard’s mind stirred as he instantly
accepted Miss Justice’s explanation and figured out many different matters.
The Dwayne Dantès that appeared during the period before the breaching of
Saint Samuel Cathedral’s Chanis Gate was likely Klein. The periods before
and after that was the other Blessed of Mr. Fool… That Death Consul?
Indeed, he’s an undying creature who lived since the Fourth Epoch. Old
Man’s old friend…
Yes, it might be other Blessed I’m not aware of, but their levels definitely
aren’t too low… Uh, other Blessed. Does that mean Klein is also considered
Mr. Fool’s Blessed?
It’s no wonder Mr. Fool said that he comes here and participates in the
gathering, but the experiences are different from mine… It’s because he’s a
Blessed and enjoys the benediction of Mr. Fool, so he also has the ancient
aura. It’s why Old Man doesn’t realize that Dwayne Dantès is played by
different people?
This explains my previous question. As a Blessed, Gehrman Sparrow
doesn’t need to keep his identity a secret…
But to Judgment Xio, Dwayne Dantès being a public identity, or him being
Gehrman Sparrow was not her concern. The reason why she overreacted
was because, after realizing the truth, she felt embarrassed at all her various
thoughts back then.
Seeing the atmosphere return to normal, Klein heaved a sigh of relief
inwardly and controlled The World Gehrman Sparrow to answer Miss
Justice’s question:
“Yes.
“When the time comes, there might be certain matters that need all of your
help.”
When he finished the second half of his sentence, The World swept his gaze
across Justice, The Magician, Judgment, The Star, and The Moon.
H-he has plans for something in Backlund? Audrey instantly understood
what Mr. World was getting at. She momentarily felt excited but also a little
worried.
She was excited because she was about to participate in a secret operation
that all the participants didn’t seem to have any ties with, to the point of not
even “knowing” each other. This was something she had always looked
forward to. Her worries stemmed from whether the operation would have
any threat to Backlund’s safety, or if it would bring harm to the innocent.
As for danger to herself, she wasn’t too worried. She believed that Mr.
World would arrange for the mission to be held in the outskirts of the city,
provide key information, or cause serious misdirection to the target, without
needing any direct participation or fighting.
Emlyn was the second person to read between the lines. And this was a
result of his innate aversion towards troublesome matters.
Will it be troublesome… he thought with a frown without saying a word.
While the other members came to a realization, Alger took a deep look at
The World Gehrman Sparrow and said, “I recently received news that the
traitor of the Church of Evernight, Archbishop Ince Zangwill, was killed in
West Balam. Before that, he had already become a demigod. As for the
Sealed Artifact, 0-08, which he had stolen, it’s unknown whose hands it’s
in. The only thing that can be certain is that the battlefield was cleared by
the Church of Evernight.”
The Hanged Man is very updated on the news… It’s only been a few
days… The Church should’ve kept this strictly confidential… However,
there might have been other factions arriving at the square that day…
Leonard was taken aback for a moment, but he didn’t provide more
information.
This was the first time Audrey and company were learning about the news.
They could only determine that the matter was rather important from the
words “archbishop,” “0-08,” and “demigod.” But since it had nothing to do
with them and there wasn’t any stimulus, they weren’t too intrigued. As for
Cattleya, as she had a deep impression and understanding of Grade o Sealed
Artifacts, she planned on seeking out information on this via Queen Mystic
and the Moses Ascetic Order after she returned to the real world.
Amidst a brief silence, The Fool Klein suddenly extended his hand and
rapped the table’s surface.
He felt that he needed to warn all the members.
In the coming years, the waves of the times would come flooding in!
Upon hearing that, all the members straightened their backs or made them
even straighter before turning to the seat of honor at the long bronze table.
Even the newly joined Leonard and Xio were no exception. It was almost
instinctive.
Then, they heard the profound and lofty figure chuckle amidst the gray fog.
“The times have changed as a result.”
The times have changed because of this? Ince Zangwill’s matter is key to
something? Although it involves a Grade o Sealed Artifact… Alger, who
had shared the news, never expected Mr. Fool to place so much emphasis
on it. He was momentarily unsure what to make out of it.
Leonard, who had participated in the matter regarding Ince Zangwill, felt
the same. He knew how important and terrifying the Grade o Sealed
Artifact was, but he never expected that what happened that day would
change the times.
While Audrey and company wore blank looks, they focused fully. Even
Derrick couldn’t help but take on an attentive posture.
The Fool Klein surveyed the area and said with a laugh and sigh, “Adam is
one step closer to being divine.”