Chapter 1213

The Eternally Imperturbable Fog
3,722 years… Indeed, they were sent here when the ancient sun god was
still alive… With the City of Silver’s continued survival in the darkness for
more than two thousand years as a reference, Klein easily confirmed the
words of Moon City’s High Priest.
He nodded slightly and asked, “Are you guarding this fog to prevent any
anomalies from happening to it?”
The High Priest of Moon City, who was wrapped in dark brown beast hide,
Nim, shook his head.
“The revelation that the Lord gave us was to guard the area all day. We
needed to know if anyone walks out of the fog.”
Walks out of the fog… The ancient sun god had a premonition that a person
would walk out of this fog? If the other side of the fog is really the Western
Continent, does this mean that there might still be life and civilization in it?
When Klein heard this, an indescribable palpitation struck his heart, but he
deeply realized a certain reality:
Amon’s father—the second Creator—was actually unable to open this
grayish-white fog, and even needed to send people here to watch over it!
Is there a specific method needed to pass through this invisible barrier? Uh,
Mr. Hanged Man mentioned before that the Queen of Calamity, Cohinem,
said that an incantation or command might be needed. Also, the premise is
that the Western Continent has already resurfaced… As Klein looked at the
High Priest with deep lines on his face, he said without batting an eyelid, “I
believe they have already introduced me to you. I’m a missionary. I have
come to this land to spread the light of the Lord.”
The High Priest of Moon City, Nim, maintained his composure and used his
gray eyes that were the same color as his long hair to look at Klein.
“Your Excellency, which existence do you believe in?”
Klein instinctively wanted to answer directly, but considering his identity as
a missionary that he had set for himself previously, he held back his shame.
With the ability of a Clown, he controlled his facial muscles and revealed a
slightly fanatical expression.
“Please permit me to introduce you to my Lord, the savior of this land, the
great Mr. Fool…”
The Fool… Moon City’s High Priest, Nim, and the others didn’t expect to
hear such a word. For a moment, they found it strange, but for some reason,
they felt that there was an infinite philosophy hidden within.
Finally, their attention was focused on the description:
“The savior of this land.”
Nim couldn’t help but turn his head to look at A’dal and the rest, observing
their radiant faces.
As a Sequence 4 demigod, he knew very well that this was a result of the
cleansing of the toxin and corruption accumulated within their bodies.
Furthermore, the members of the hunting team had also been given
excellent treatment. If he hadn’t seen this group of young people grow up
and remembered how they looked before the changes, he definitely
wouldn’t dare to confirm that they were residents of Moon City.
Seeing the High Priest look over, A’dal immediately said excitedly, “His
Excellency Sparrow prayed for a deity’s blessing to save us.”
“Yes, we saw light! We felt warmth!” Xin, who was without a nose, added.
After the catharsis, she had unknowingly developed a certain belief towards
the Lord that Gehrman Sparrow mentioned.
Compared to the Creator who had never responded to prayers and ignored
the suffering that Moon City faced, this existence was more like a deity!
Rus and another member of the hunting team that went back to Moon City
to inform the High Priest looked covetously at their former companions.
They were both envious and had a yearning for the new life they had
obtained.
The High Priest, Nim, retracted his gaze and looked at Gehrman Sparrow,
who was wearing strange clothes and a strange hat.
“Is the great Mr. Fool a deity in this world—no, from outside this cursed
land?”
Klein nodded solemnly and slowly.
“Yes.”
“Then… what about the great sun god who created everything?” Nim
hesitated for a moment before asking the question he desired answers to the
most.
Klein changed his tone to that of a charlatan and said, “The Kings betrayed
that existence. Blood, anger, foulness, and shadows began to flow across
this land, triggering a huge calamity.”
Nim’s pupils dilated slightly, as if he wanted to absorb more light to see the
world in front of him.
With great difficulty, he tried his best to suppress something and asked,
“Are you saying that the Lord perished because of this?”
“Not only did ‘He’ perish, but ‘His’ flesh and blood were also eaten by the
traitors. This piece of land was cursed as a result.” Taking advantage of the
fact that he was in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, Klein boldly said this.
He didn’t deliberately distinguish the Amon brothers from the other six
Kings of Angels. He planned on making the residents of Moon City believe
that all the Kings of Angels were traitors. This way, they wouldn’t be fooled
by Amon in the future.
Over the past half a year of traveling and the various experiments he
undertook, he was convinced that the Forsaken Land of the Gods really was
sealed. Or rather, it was isolated from the outside world. The only point of
contact was either the exit of the Giant King’s Court, or something at the
level of Sefirah Castle. Therefore, using the Staff of the Stars here allowed
him to move within the confines of the cursed land. He was unable to head
to the scenes in the outside world as outlined in his mind.
In addition, the Box of the Great Old Ones was even suppressed and
isolated for its historical projection. The moment the summoning
succeeded, the projection would immediately be devoured by the
environment. It was completely useless.
This made him suspect that even the third level of the Box of the Great Old
Ones was a little dangerous for true deities such as the True Creator.
Upon hearing Gehrman Sparrow’s words, the body of the High Priest of
Moon City, Nim, trembled slightly as his pockmarked face instantly turned
ashen.
The faces of the Beyonders behind him changed as well. It was as if they
had suffered an extremely serious blow. One even showed signs of losing
control.
Seeing this, Klein reached out his hand again and pulled out Life’s Cane
from the void, allowing it to fly through the air and accurately tap the target.
The signs of the Beyonder’s losing control immediately vanished. His
forehead was covered in sweat as if he had just overcome a major illness.
Following the removal of the historical projection, Life’s Cane quickly
faded away. As for the Beyonders of Moon City, they finally managed to
break free from the grievous news. Some of them were filled with suspicion
and disbelief, and others were whimpering softly. Some looked at Gehrman
Sparrow with a lost look, as though he was their final hope.
At some point in time, Nim’s eyes had already closed. Two or three seconds
later, he opened them again and looked at Gehrman Sparrow.
“What else do you have to ask?”
In less than a minute, he looked like he had aged considerably. His body
was beginning to show signs of decay and depression. However, it wasn’t
completely without hope. It was as if the trees were rotting away, but they
were beginning to give birth to new lives.
Klein half-turned and pointed at the coagulated gray fog with the lantern in
his hand.
“Since when did you begin attempting to open this screen? What did you
achieve?”
Nim said frankly, “In the beginning, it was the Lord’s revelation. While
‘He’ wanted us to watch over it, ‘He’ also wanted us to think of a way to
pass through the fog.
“After the land was cursed, we used this to mainly guide us so as to seek
hope. However, we ultimately didn’t achieve anything concrete. No matter
what method we used, the solidified mist didn’t react…”
Upon saying that, he hesitated and said, “It’s not that there’s no reaction,
but it wasn’t the reaction we wanted.”
Klein instantly saw hope and maintained his normal speaking pace as he
asked, “What was the reaction?”
Seeing that the High Priest was somewhat hesitant and not answering
immediately, Xin took the initiative to say, “High Priest, His Excellency
Sparrow has already parted a portion of the fog, a depth deeper than what
we managed over the past two to three thousand years!”
Nim couldn’t help but look deeply at Gehrman Sparrow before saying,
“More than 1,730 years ago, the High Priest back then was inspired by the
cruel fact that Moon City had failed to achieve anything in the past 2,000
years.
“He felt that we couldn’t treat this fog as a seal that needed to be broken
through. Instead, it was to be treated as a great existence.
“He designed the honorific name, prayer stanza, and the corresponding
symbols for this fog. He held repeated rituals here, attempting
communication, and praying.”
…This is a train of thought that no normal person would’ve thought of… I
didn’t think of it just now… Indeed, after all these years, there must have
been many people with strange ideas in Moon City… Three thousand years
of time isn’t for nothing… Klein sighed inwardly as he nodded slightly.
“Was there any feedback after that?”
With a nasal grunt as confirmation, Nim replied, “There was at one point
when the High Priest changed the first sentence of the honorific name to
‘The Eternally Imperturbable Fog’… Then, during the subsequent ritual, he
vaguely heard a series of voices coming from deep within the fog.
Unfortunately, he couldn’t hear it clearly no matter how hard he tried,
making it impossible to interpret it.
“From then on, the rituals we held were uncountable. We realized that a
response wasn’t always guaranteed. Even if there was a response, it might
not be a timely one. We needed to wait patiently.”
As the thoughts raced through his mind, Klein asked, “How many times
does it roughly take to succeed?”
“There are no patterns. Sometimes, we succeed at once. Sometimes, we
might not receive any feedback after a month,” Nim said with a sigh. “We
have made many alterations, but they were all useless.”
“Did you hear what those voices said afterward?” Klein asked.
“No, maybe our Sequence isn’t high enough or we are still lacking in
strength.” Nim shook his head.
If that’s the reason, I can give it a try… After hesitating for a few seconds,
he politely asked, “May you hold the correct ritual again? I would like to
hear those voices.”
This kind of politeness was something Nim couldn’t refuse, nor did he dare
to refuse.
He hesitated for a moment and said, “Sure, but many of the materials are in
Moon City. You need to wait for some time.”
After some thought, Klein asked, “Have you used those materials before?”
“Yes,” Nimu answered in confusion.
Klein nodded indifferently.
“Let’s just hold it now. Tell me when was the last time you used those
materials and where they were nearby.”