Chapter 1262

The Truth Behind the Enemy
When he realized that the Dark Angel had woken up, Klein only felt his
heart tighten and was on full alert. He didn’t feel any fear or anxiety. After
all, he had already confirmed that the real Dark Angel had returned to the
ancient sun god’s body. After being betrayed by the existences such as the
Lord of Storms, the Eternal Blazing Sun, and the God of Knowledge and
Wisdom, “He” had focused his negative and extreme emotions on “His”
corpse where “He” was reborn, turning into the True Creator. “He” didn’t
return here, so whatever was left was just a culmination of “His” psyche
and will.
Furthermore, he had just communicated with the remnant psyche of Dark
Angel Sasrir rather normally; he didn’t sense any obvious animosity.
However, with the City of Silver’s six-member council Elder, Lovia, losing
control without any means to resist the moment she opened her eyes,
turning into a flowing shadow and eyes hidden behind the shadowy curtain,
Klein couldn’t help but widen his pupils as he curled the corners of his lips.
A strong sense of fear and despair surged through him. It was as though he
was watching himself fall into an abyss without any life-saving straw to
clutch at.
Just waking up from “His” slumber and not using any Beyonder powers or
revealing “His” Mythical Creature form was enough to make a Sequence 4
demigod of the same pathway lose control on the spot. This was a testimony
to how powerful and terrifying “His” level was!
At that moment, all that remained in Klein’s mind were the titles he had
previously mentioned.
The left hand of God, the deputy of Heaven, the king of the Kings of
Angels!
It wasn’t as if Klein had never dealt with a King of Angels before. On the
contrary, he had frightened Red Angel Medici and made a deal with the
Angel of Imagination Adam. He had obtained the key to enter the palace
from the Wisdom Angel, Herabergen, and had gleaned potion formulas
from White Angel Aucuses. He had managed to crack Angel of Fate
Ouroboros’s cycles of fate in front of “Him,” and had pitted his brains
against Angel of Time Amon. He possibly was well-deserving of the title as
the person who had crossed the most paths with the Kings of Angels for
those below Sequence 0.
However, in these interactions, he had never fought with the Kings of
Angels most of the time. He either relied on the power of Sefirah Castle to
instantly escape or cut off contact with them. He had never faced the Kings
of Angels or deities in the true sense of the word. The only exception was
the time when he was caught by Angel of Time Amon, and he had
exchanged blows with “Him” several times in the span of a few days.
However, at that time, it was mainly a battle of wits, not a physical battle.
The Angel of Time, Amon, had mostly shown the characteristics of a God
of Trickery. “He” didn’t fully reveal the level and strength of a King of
Angels. It was only at the final moment that “He” revealed it, but the
Evernight Goddess had used the Giant King’s son to stop “Him,”
preventing “Him” from directly harming or influencing Klein.
Even so, whenever Klein encountered the Angel of Time on the way, “He”
would easily finish off the strongest “helpers” that Klein could summon. It
was something that Klein couldn’t replicate up to now. It exceeded his peak
strength. After all, if he wanted to summon the historical projection of
Zaratul, he would be in danger.
And at that moment in time, Klein, Colin Iliad, and The Sun were facing the
king of the Kings of Angels, the malice-filled deputy of Heaven. “He” was
the left hand of god that instantly caused a Sequence 4 demigod to collapse
and lose control.
How could such an enemy, with such a level and strength not make them
reel in despair?
For a moment, Klein wanted to give up on Derrick and the Chief of the City
of Silver, returning to the world above the gray fog with a single thought
using the Sefirah Castle’s summoning. By relying on the last miracle and
Deceit Bullets, he could revive outside the Forsaken Land of the Gods.
As his thoughts raced, he raised the Staff of the Stars in his hand.
At this moment, the shadow that Lovia had broken down in her loss of
control stopped flowing. It let out a low voice that was filled with pain but
not crazy.
“‘He’ isn’t that strong!”
As she spoke, the curtain-like shadow split apart, revealing what was
hidden behind it.
It was a lump of squirming flesh that was nearly two meters tall. At the top,
there was a pair of pale gray eyes that seemed to be looking down upon the
entire world. They were eyes that had remnants of rationality left in them.
In other parts of this lump of flesh were arms, thighs, and calves that
weren’t covered in skin, but sticky blood. They either held up the body or
crowded towards the chest in layers, tightly hugging a huge, milky-white
human skull.
The shadowy curtain fell again, covering the lump of flesh, turning into
“her” cape.
Then, a phantom about five to six meters tall appeared in front of Lovia.
This was the Silver Knight that she had Grazed.
She could still control herself and attack Dark Angel Sasrir.
Upon seeing this scene, when Klein and Colin Iliad heard what Lovia had
said, they quickly understood what she had meant without needing any
further explanation from her.
Dark Angel Sasrir didn’t possess the strength “He” appeared to possess.
“He” only used the authority of “Degeneration” and “His” influence over
relatively lower Sequences as a High-Sequence Beyonder of the same
pathway to make Lovia’s body degenerate, betray, and break down on the
spot. As for her own spirit, she still remained conscious and rational. She
could still control her own strength to a certain extent.
Of course, with the loss of control of her body, large amounts of corruption
would corrode her spirit. It wouldn’t take long for her to completely go
mad. This could be subverted if she could quickly resolve the battle in time,
and think of a way to turn her into an evil spirit, surviving in another form.
With this knowledge, combined with seeing the first Blasphemy Slate and
his own guesses, Klein had a preliminary understanding of the enemy he
was facing.
“He” was a product of the psyche, will, and aura left behind by the Dark
Angel, as well as Chaos Sea’s powers which were brought about by the first
Blasphemy Slate. Perhaps there was a bit of the awakening consciousness
of the Primordial One—in other words, the original Creator. There was a
small amount of it, a consciousness that was crazy and filled with evil
thoughts!
This was equivalent to a different type of evil spirit. It was unknown if it
was considered a complete angelic evil spirit.
And this could be the reason why high-level existences like the True
Creator, the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, and Amon’s brother didn’t
personally enter the Giant King’s palace. Once “They” approached the
Primordial One and Chaos Sea, it was more dangerous for “Them” the
higher “Their” Sequences were!
Back then, Amon, an entity akin to an Error, had used “His” avatar to lay an
ambush in Chernobyl, but “He” hadn’t dared to actually enter Chaos Sea.
All he did was climb down the cliff and hide near Chaos Sea, pretending
that “He” had climbed out from it. Otherwise, it could very well affect
“His” true body.
As for Low-Sequence Beyonders, they were unable to resist the surge
released from opening the door to the Giant King’s residence—corruption
that had accumulated for over two thousand years.
Even if those high-level existences had carefully chosen a suitable
Sequence 3 or Sequence 4 demigod to indirectly help them defeat the
influence brought about by the corruption and enter the resting grounds
hidden in the shadows, without the sefirah’s aura to resist the negative
effects of the leaking powers of Chaos Sea, they wouldn’t be able to truly
approach the figure left behind by Dark Angel Sasrir and obtain the first
Blasphemy Slate.
Therefore, the True Creator had tolerated Klein numerous times, only
finding an opportunity to corrupt him and force him to meet Dark Angel
Sasrir. This was because he was the only viable candidate.
By the same logic, the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, Herabergen, the
Angel of Imagination, Adam, and the other deities and Kings of Angels who
had an interest in this matter had more or less made some arrangements for
Klein, blessing him to a certain extent, pushing him to where he was now.
Without any hesitation, Klein outlined an image in his mind through the
Staff of the Stars he raised. Colin Iliad took a step forward and bent down.
This City of Silver’s Chief’s body swelled rapidly, once again revealing an
incomplete Mythical Creature form. He became a five-to-six-meter-tall
Silver Knight covered in silver armor, holding a pair of gigantified swords
of dawn.
Derrick was slightly slower than the two experienced demigods. He quickly
spread his arms, as though he was hugging the void in front of him.
At that moment, two pitch-black flames ignited in the eyes of the awakened
Dark Angel Sasrir.
“He,” who shared the height of a giant, immediately pressed down on the
armrest by lowering “His” arm, slowly getting to “His” feet. The gorgeous
accessories on “His” body hung down one after another as layer after layer
of black wings spread open on “His” back.
During this process, the shadow cape on the lump of squirming flesh—
Lovia—came alive. It suddenly tightened, fixing her firmly in place.
At the same time, Dark Angel Sasrir had silver threads wrapped around
“Him.” In front of the black robe with mysterious patterns, silver bolts of
lightning appeared out of thin air. They sizzled and intertwined with each
other in a thunderous manner. They rapidly extended forward, transforming
into a resplendent lightning sea that attempted to drown the entire shadow
palace.
Gong!
An illusory chime sounded from a distant history as the melodious sound
echoed in the shadow palace.
An ancient mottled wall clock appeared in front of Klein. Its face was
separated into twelve different segments by grayish-white and bluish-black
colors. Each segment had different, mysterious, and asymmetric symbols.
The three fingers, which seemed to be formed by Worms of Time of
different length, began to tick lightly.
When the chime rang again, the lightning sea that was rapidly spreading in
the shadow palace clearly froze.
Klein had successfully used the Staff of the Stars to reproduce Angel of
Time Amon’s Beyonder powers!
And the effects were much better than his previous attempts.
This made him suspect if he had obtained the approval of the God of Deceit
and even obtained “blessings” from “Him” to a certain degree.
It wasn’t true that merely simulating Amon’s Beyonder powers would gain
“His” notice, but that this King of Angels was almost equivalent to the
Marauder pathway’s Uniqueness. “He” was the ruler of the corresponding
domain, and “He” was the wielder of the corresponding authority. “He”
could make a certain level of adjustments to particular powers in advance,
enhancing or deleting them.
From the looks of it, Amon appeared to be looking forward to seeing Klein
enter the Giant King’s residence to meet Dark Angel Sasrir. Therefore, “He”
had adjusted some of his own domain’s Beyonder powers in advance, and
lowered some of his “authority” in certain aspects, allowing simple
replications to achieve a better effect.
While the lightning sea had come to a halt, the Silver Knight soul that Lovia
controlled, and Colin Iliad simultaneously stabbed their swords into the
ground, creating two invisible barriers. As for Klein, his figure faded and he
disappeared.