Chapter 378

: The Show Begins
With a black crown and a solid suit of armor, Klein stood in the doorway,
attuned himself for a few seconds, and took a step forward.
His seemingly physical body silently passed through the door and entered
Capim’s villa.
The first thing that met him was a spacious hall with lots of chairs and
clothes racks, and behind it was a magnificent hall with gold as the main
color theme.
There was no ceiling, only a dome reaching three-stories high. A giant
crystal chandelier hung down, and on each “petal” was a pearly-white
candle.
Through a thick, heavy door to the left of the hall was an elegant and
exquisite dining room. The fragrance of roasted meat was the richest inside,
concealing the smell of alcohol and other food.
Klein was in no hurry to enter the dining room. He partially circled the
exterior first, occasionally reaching out his hand to pull on the grayish-
white gas pipes. It appeared as if he was experimenting with his physical
strength, after carrying the Dark Emperor card, to see how much of an
impact he had on the real world.
While he was a Seer and Clown, Klein’s Spirit Body only had an intuition
ability that was separate from divination. He possessed only two spell-like
powers, which were to directly attack the soul and to freeze the target
through contact. Once he advanced to the Magician Sequence, even if Klein
didn’t rely on the Beyonder powers of his physical body, he could still use
Paper Figurine Substitutes and Air Bullets in his Spirit Body state.
In addition, he began to be able to possess others and gain basic control of
the target.
Augmented by the Dark Emperor card, the strength of his Spirit Body
increased, and the number of items he could carry increased. His spell-like
powers, which could directly attack souls, evolved into a Specter’s Shriek.
It produced sound waves that were inaudible to humans but capable of
damaging the souls of all living beings in the area. Similarly, the frozen
effects derived from contact was clearly strengthened.
After confirming everything, he found the corner of a wall and penetrated it
to enter the dining hall.
Then, suppressing all his emotions, he swept his eyes across the long table.
The scene of Harras in his white wig, Katy in her thin blouse, Parker with
his aged face drinking red wine, and the slightly plump Capim slicing his
rib eye steak caught his eye.
Klein retracted his gaze quickly, not daring to look too much, lest the few
Beyonders would discover him via their spiritual perception.
With the help of the spiritual glows from the male and female servants
standing around him, that is—the color of their auras, he carefully circled
around the dining room and figured out the exact layout. For example, the
size of the dining room was equivalent to the total area of his living room,
dining room, and activity room. Another example was that there was a
fireplace that burned with charcoal. It warmed the entire room via a pipe.
There were sixteen elegant gas lamps, and their lighting mixed together,
making the room appear like it was daytime. Across from the fireplace was
a wall which had hanging picture frames. There were sketches and oil
paintings, all works of famous artists.
That bearded Belize isn’t here. He should be changing shifts at the
basement… For a Beyonder to be willing to do such menial work, Capim is
definitely not involved in a simple matter of human trafficking… Klein
thought for a few seconds, then he leaned against an oil painting of the
sunset. He reached his hand into his body and unscrewed a translucent
brown bottle’s cap.
It was the Biological Poison Bottle!
The reason why he paid so much attention to the time and chose to arrive at
dinner time was because, at this very moment, the main figures were
gathered here in the most orderly manner. It was the most advantageous for
him to use the Biological Poison Bottle!
And with the tightly shut doors and windows during early winter, it allowed
the effects of Biological Poison Bottle to be more effective and have faster
effects!
In addition, Klein didn’t soak the Biological Poison Bottle to concoct the
“prophylactic” drug before he came. He was currently in his Spirit Body
state, so he wasn’t afraid of biological poisons!
With his Spirit Body’s concealment and containment, he stood there silently
and patiently admiring each and every one of the elegant wall lamps which
were connected to the grayish-white gas pipes. Quickly, the odorless poison
swiftly emanated outwards.
…
Harras, with his white wig, sliced up a deep-fried Dragon-Bone Fish,
dipped it in black pepper sauce, and stuffed it into his mouth.
Chewing and swallowing, he picked up the faintly golden champagne that
was bubbling like a string of beads and took a sip in a good mood.
He couldn’t help but think of the entertainment that he would be
experiencing that evening—the joy of a stubborn girl being conquered by
him.
This affected his appetite and made him unable to concentrate.
Katy didn’t get the servant to help her slice the roasted chicken. She was
burying her head, holding a knife and fork, and like doing a precise
dissection, she quickly divided the chicken into several pieces. They were
all almost the same size.
As Parker sampled the red wine and ate the stewed lamb, he would
occasionally chat with Capim, who was sitting at the head of the table, and
was considered as a guest that didn’t sully the title.
The dinner proceeded in an orderly manner, and finally, Capim put the last
piece of beef into his mouth.
He smiled at the three Beyonders and said, “Mr. Harras, Ma’am Katy, and
Mr. Parker, tonight’s desserts are from La Borrega’s head chef. There are
three kinds—fruit caramel pudding, cream shortcake, and the carrot cake.”
Harras, who had always been cold, nodded slightly.
“We love dessert so much in this country.”
As soon as he finished his reflection, he saw Capim raise his hand and
scratch his cheek before scratching again.
“It’s a little itchy.” Capim smiled apologetically.
Before he could finish his sentence, he couldn’t help but scratch one more
time, leaving a clear bloody mark on his face.
The bloody mark quickly swelled up, and his skin turned translucent. One
could even see yellowish pus inside.
“It’s really a bit itchy.” Capim smiled again.
He scratched the original spot again, but due to using excessive force, the
swelling caused the translucent skin to split open, and pus with a nauseating
smell sprayed out.
Harras narrowed his eyes and shot to his feet, looking around warily.
“Hahaha.”
“Haha. Hahaha.”
At that moment, he heard exaggerated laughter, and his body suddenly
tensed up.
He saw a male and female servant holding onto their bellies, laughing out
loud. They laughed so much that they couldn’t even straighten their backs.
Tears flowed out from their laughter, their laughter caused the room to turn
completely silent.
Like a chain reaction, the rest of the servants fainted or vomited yellow-
green liquid continuously without end.
None of them were spared.
Bam! Katy flipped the dining table, letting the gold-plated cutlery and
leftover food and wine to spill onto the floor.
She had a revolver and a soft black whip in her hands.
Parker stood up as well, but his mind appeared adrift. He looked at Capim
crying miserably for help as he kept scratching and forcefully tore off a few
pieces of flesh. For some baffling reason, he felt that the other party’s ugly
and disgusting appearance was quite the fine sight.
At that moment, Harras realized that he was a little out of breath and
realized that the room was probably filled with poison.
He growled, “Hold your breath!
“Parker, open the door.
“Katy, follow me to find the intruder!”
At this moment, Harras was grateful that the dinner had been enjoyed with
Capim, and there were quite a few attendants around.
These ordinary people’s ability to resist poison was far inferior to
Beyonders. The fact that they showed signs ahead of time had allowed them
to detect that something was amiss even before the poison had reached the
deepest part of their bodies!
Parker, who has the lowest Sequence, should be the one with the most
severe symptoms among us… Harras suddenly had this thought.
Creak!
As Parker opened the door to ensure that the dining room was no longer
sealed, Harras, relying on his Spirit Vision, discovered an illusory figure
quietly fleeting around.
The figure wore a thick and imposing black armor, and a pitch-black crown
on his head. A mask of the same color covered his face, making him look
like a king from the spirit world.
It was none other than Klein.
Harras raised his right hand and pointed at the black figure that couldn’t be
seen by ordinary people. He chanted in ancient Hermes, “Imprison!”
All of a sudden, the black figure’s surroundings turned viscous, as though it
had transformed into a giant amber or produced a sealed, transparent wall.
The figure was rooted to the spot, hardly able to move. Katy had taken aim
long ago, and she pulled the trigger. They worked well together.
With two bangs, the light golden bullet, filled with strange patterns,
penetrated the viscous air and hit the black figure.
The bullet pierced through and struck the wall opposite. The black shadow
self-ignited, reduced to a roughly cut paper figurine.
Within the pale golden flames, the paper figurine was quickly reduced to
ashes.
Pa!
With a strange, crisp snap, the light from the sixteen elegant gas lamps and
the fire burning quietly in the fireplace suddenly lit up, leaving Harras,
Katy, and Parker with only a brief flash of red before their eyes.
Soon after, all the flames were extinguished, leaving the dining room
illuminated via the human-height street lamps outside the window and the
crimson moonlight shining through the layers of clouds. It made the place
abnormally dark and silent.
Harras and the others once again relied on their Spirit Vision and spiritual
perception to search for the ghostly intruder.
At the same time, he realized that the poison wasn’t showing its effects fast
enough. It wouldn’t really flare up until he finished the enemy.
Therefore, he paid attention to the movement at the entrance of the
basement. He pointed at the door again and said in ancient Hermes,
“Confinement!”
The entire dining room suddenly froze, as if there was an additional layer of
an invisible wall that even Spirit Bodies couldn’t penetrate.
Harras wanted to make it impossible for the intruder to escape!
I’ve found you! Wielding the revolver in one hand and the whip in the other,
Katy noticed a black figure floating in the air.
A strange light flashed in her eyes, and before she could attack, her mind
buzzed as if someone had struck her head with a wooden stick.
She felt as if she had encountered an indescribable shriek. A few drops of
sticky blood slowly dripped from the tip of her nose.
Harras only felt slight dizziness while the symptoms of shortness of breath
seemed to worsen. Parker, the weakest of them, was seeing stars, and his
steps became unstable.
Suddenly, someone patted Parker’s shoulder.
A cold and gloomy feeling gushed over, causing him to freeze on the spot.
It was as if he was completely covered in ice, and the cold moisture seeped
into his bones. A familiar, deep voice sounded in his ears.
“Imprison!”
Parker was instantly trapped by the transparent wall that imprisoned the
door. However, Klein didn’t possess him and went straight through instead,
avoiding the effects of Harras’s spell in a timely manner.
Harras narrowed his eyes and waved his right hand.
“Release!”