Chapter 683

: So You Are Here as Well
Black Spirit Body Threads that stemmed from different lifeforms appeared
in Klein’s vision, but he didn’t immediately extend his spirituality to
attempt to control them.
After distinguishing and confirming which Spirit Body Threads belonged to
Molsona, he gulped a mouthful of malt bear as he began to focus on the
boxing match in the ring, just like a real member of the audience.
The two boxers had their tops bare and didn’t wear any protective gear.
They fought all-out, constantly clashing with each other as fist met flesh,
and the situation quickly escalated to a fervor.
Many of the alcoholic gamblers had adrenaline pumping through them as
they shouted for the boxer they supported passionately, yelling, “Kill him!”
“Finish that son of a b*tch!”
On the second floor, Molsona also forgot the cigar in his hand as he was
fixated on the ring below, his hands clenched tightly into fists.
Apart from those who had to have their backs facing him because they were
keeping tabs on any suspicious people or watching the important regions
such as the rooftop or area beneath, the people around him couldn’t help but
have their eyes peeled to the intense boxing match.
Klein raised his hand again, gulping a mouthful of beer as though he was
out of breath from the tense atmosphere.
At this moment, his spirituality silently extended and grabbed onto the
illusory black threads corresponding to Molsona.
One second, two seconds, three seconds… The brandy-nosed Molsona was
just about to pump his fist a little as though he was in the ring himself when
he suddenly found his brain go numb.
He felt the surroundings abruptly turn odd, as though several panes of glass
were in between him and them.
Molsona immediately discovered that his thoughts had clearly slowed
down, as though all the parts in his brain had suddenly rusted.
As the target was only an ordinary person whose Spirit Body was far
inferior to that of a Beyonder, Klein took less than twenty seconds to
achieve initial control over him.
Seven seconds!
All it took was seven seconds!
Oh no… Something wrong is happening… It’s likely… a Beyonder… with
relatively… special powers… Molsona, who often interacted with pirates,
was no stranger to the mysterious world. It was why he spent large sums of
money to hire Beyonders to protect himself. If he hadn’t long destroyed his
body with sex and alcohol, making his psyche relatively weak and his
condition terrible, giving him a high chance of losing control if he were to
consume a potion, he would’ve also wished to obtain supernatural powers
himself.
At that moment, as his thoughts were slowing down and due to his lack of
experience, Molsona spent more than ten seconds to figure out that he was
under assault. He immediately reached out his arm and opened his mouth in
an attempt to shout for help.
However, his actions were extremely slow, and his voice was weak. With a
number of his bodyguards around him engrossed in the exciting and nerve-
wracking boxing match, and the audience’s roaring in an ever-increasing
crescendo, as well as all the guards along the perimeter putting their
attention on any possible attack locations to protect their employer, his
obvious abnormality ended up being neglected.
When the climax of the match received a temporary respite, a number of
bodyguards and subordinates turned to look back at their boss, and they saw
that his eyes appeared somewhat in a daze. His hands didn’t seem to be in
the right place as if he was still caught up in the match, anxiously awaiting
the final results.
The corners of the mob boss’s eyes had tears welling up as he tried hard to
release his fingers to drop the cigar to attract the attention of his
subordinates, but he discovered in despair that his line of thought was
becoming highly impeded and stiff. Even a simple action needed more than
a minute to complete, and his fingers were even resisting his will!
Pa!
The burning cigar finally fell to the ground as Molsona’s tears flowed down
to his neck across his cheeks.
A few bodyguards discovered this and were just about to ask their boss if it
was because the match was too exciting when Molsona suddenly bent
down. As he wiped his face, he picked up the cigar.
“That was an excellent match! Give the victor more money!” Molsona
flicked the cigar and pulled up his collar as he grinned happily.
He didn’t say exactly how much was to be given, as Klein didn’t know the
market rates. All he could do was give a vague comment.
Yes, Molsona of the Loen’s New Party had already become his marionette!
As this mob boss was only an ordinary person, and his Spirit Body was
even weaker than most healthy humans, all it took was two minutes and
fifteen seconds!
If the time needed was any longer, he would’ve had to divert his attention to
create an illusion to create some chaos, making the bodyguards place their
attention on protecting Molsona and not being able to discover his
abnormality in time.
“Kill him!”
“Kill him!”
…
The shouts of the audience suddenly turned uniform as the match in the ring
came to its end. Molsona also allowed his bodyguards to continue watching
the match.
When a boxer collapsed to the ground unconscious, Molsona took a swig of
his cigar and said, “To the lounge.
“I want to take a break.”
“Yes, Boss.” His bodyguards and subordinates immediately surrounded
him, escorted him to the corridor on the second floor, and helped him open
the door to the lounge.
After instructing his guards to guard different critical spots and to not
disturb him, Molsona paced around and opened a safe. He found documents
involving all kinds of new drugs and selected the most important ones.
Following that, he placed the documents and an address he cut from the
newspapers, as well as a total of 758 pounds in cash into a briefcase.
With a creak, he opened the door and called for a subordinate.
“Throw this bag under the third street lamp around the alley.”
“Yes, Boss.” The subordinate didn’t inquire why.
This was a rule!
After closing the door again, Molsona found three candles and items with
spirituality and used a pen and paper to carefully draw the corresponding
symbol of The Fool—a half Pupil-less Eye which represented secrecy, and
the Contorted Lines which represented change.
Then, this mob boss who had become a marionette lit the candles, used
cologne to represent essential oil and extract, and solemnly held a
bestowment ritual.
He softly chanted The Fool’s honorific name, and he used ancient Hermes,
which he originally didn’t know, to recite the corresponding incantation.
Following that, he picked up the item with spirituality and let it fuse into the
wind, constructing an illusory door with the transformed candlelight. If he
couldn’t find any items with spirituality, Klein had planned on using
Molsona’s blood. A human’s blood was an item with spirituality to begin
with!
In the washroom on the first floor, Klein took this opportunity by taking
four steps counterclockwise and going above the gray fog.
He didn’t use the Black Emperor card, and instead, he directly stirred some
of the powers of the mysterious space, combining it with the paper figurine
before throwing it through the bestowment door.
The pitch-blackness immediately transformed into an angel with twelve
pairs of wings. It flew through the illusory and mysterious door, passing
through the pitch-black depths of the void and arriving where Molsona was.
This was to disrupt any subsequent investigations via divination, prophecy,
or other Beyonder powers!
Right on the heels of that, Klein picked up Creeping Hunger and threw it
into the ritual’s door!
Creeping Hunger arrived in the real world thanks to the bestowment ritual,
and it arrived in front of Molsona. Having not eaten for a long time, it
immediately became restless.
At this moment, Klein, who had returned to the washroom, controlled the
frozen Molsona from a distance of dozens of meters away to immediately
close his mouth and pick up the glove on the altar.
A crack opened in the middle of the glove as two rows of illusory, white,
and eerie teeth were revealed!
The senses of the marionette he obtained quickly weakened as he decisively
severed his control.
The slight backlash made his mind spin, but it didn’t take long for him to
recover.
Then, as though nothing had happened, he left the washroom, returned to
the bar counter, and continued drinking the malt beer he didn’t finish
earlier.
At the same time, he found a rat on the second floor through the use of
Spirit Body Threads, and he made it become his marionette in less than two
minutes.
The rat began searching for a tunnel and path with rather awkward and
unfamiliar motions, and it took quite some time before entering Molsona’s
lounge through a hole hidden by a bookshelf.
At this moment, a thin glove that resembled human skin lay silently on the
ground as there was nothing left behind of Molsona, not even his clothes.
The rat climbed up to the table and bit on the paper with the symbol
corresponding to The Fool, placing it close to the burning candle.
The paper quickly ignited and burned to ashes.
After extinguishing the three candles and returning them to their original
locations, the rat came beside Creeping Hunger and bit onto it.
Then, it returned via its original path and left Molsona’s lounge.
It stealthily ran all the way to the balcony facing the outside on the second
story, and it silently climbed down.
On the first story where the bar counter was.
Klein finished drinking his last mouthful of beer, put down the cup, and
slowly stood up.
He pressed down on his half top hat, stuffed his hands into the black
double-breasted frock coat, and walked past the alcoholics and gamblers
without any haste and came to the streets.
Following the light of the street lamps, he entered the alley at a normal
pace. While pulling out a paper figurine and lighting it with a flick, he
picked up the briefcase thrown under the third street lamp.
At this moment, a gray rat came with a thin human-skinned glove in its
mouth out of the shadows.
Klein bent his back with a deadpan expression once again and picked up
Creeping Hunger.
Then, the gray rat left on its own, climbing into a rubbish chute and lying
there until it lost its breath.
With night about to fall, the street lamp illuminated Klein as he stood there,
spreading his fingers in an unhurried manner while wearing Creeping
Hunger on his left hand.
After stretching his finger joints and getting used to the glove, he carried
the briefcase and followed the still vibrant and lively Oaktree Bar before
vanishing at the crossroads.
…
He took out the address slip and stamps from the briefcase and left only
with the important documents, pasting them onto it. Then, he placed it in a
mailbox on the corner of the street. Finally, Klein changed back into
Gehrman Sparrow, took a rental carriage, and headed for another bar around
the pier.
It was a bar provided by Anderson that had relatively more pirates!
Upon entering the bar, Klein swept his gaze and took in the interior.
Suddenly, he saw a familiar figure.
The figure had a medium-sized build and his lips were purple. His brown
eyes hid an intense maleficence that left one afraid. He was none other than
the second mate of the King of Immortality Agalito, Slaughter Kircheis,
with a bounty of 9,500 pounds!
Clearly, after escaping via the exit of the dangerous waters, the Death
Announcer had arrived in the nearby Toscarter Island in search of
replenishments!
So you are here as well… The corners of Klein’s mouth curled up slightly,
discovering in a chance encounter the Devil who couldn’t be more suitable
for hunting!
Just as he generated that ill intent, Kircheis sensed him and turned his head
to the entrance of the bar.
Klein didn’t hesitate to grab a beer on the table beside him and threw it
over.
Right on the heels of that, he drew his revolver and coldly aimed.
Bang!