Chapter 1158

Coming to Terms
After silently staring at the rabbits and mountain goats for more than ten
seconds, Klein closed his eyes and flicked his right index finger and middle
finger as if he was pressing an invisible piano key.
A third of the marionette collapsed, losing the feeling of being alive.
Klein’s expression immediately warped, as though he had been struck 33
times by a giant sword.
The familiar and extreme pain he felt swept through his Spirit Body,
causing light-colored meat tendrils to sprout on his body. Every sprout
seemed to be forming a transparent maggot.
This was the backlash from killing 33 Worms of Spirit.
After taking nearly fifteen minutes to recover, Klein made his second
attempt at letting the other third of his marionettes die.
The same pain, the same time to rest, and the same actions were repeated
again. Finally, he completely finished off this batch of cursed marionettes.
He couldn’t handle it all at once because the damage caused by the death of
a hundred Worms of Spirit was enough to make him lose control. And being
cursed meant that he couldn’t directly solve the problem by retrieving the
characteristics.
Of course, this was the standard of a Scholar of Yore who had just advanced
recently; it wasn’t the performance of a Scholar of Yore who was almost
done digesting the potion.
In fact, the loss of a hundred Worms of Spirit would only worsen the pain,
without him showing any signs of losing control or affecting the battle. He
was only acting just now, allowing his performance to match his role.
At his level, losing half the number of Worms of Spirit that he had at the
same time would lead to losing control.
Once he completely digested the Scholar of Yore potion, he would be able
to recover from having nearly 500 Worms of Spirit die at once. Even if he
lost all the corresponding Beyonder characteristics, he wouldn’t lose his
status and level. He could slowly recover his strength by absorbing the
Beyonder characteristics of the Seer pathway.
After completing this, the recovered Klein walked out of the half-collapsed
tower-like building. He went to the darkness outside and brought back a
few white rabbits and a goat.
He then realized that the darkness in the Forsaken Land of the Gods wasn’t
as dangerous as Little Sun had described. Most of the monsters were weak.
No, to be precise, the danger lurking in the depths of the darkness, apart
from making people evaporate into thin air, nothing else can compare to the
fellow beside me named Amon… Klein glanced at the thin man who was
sitting near the lantern, smiling as “He” watched him busy himself. He
summoned something like boiled water from the Historical Void, and he
squatted down, seriously removing the fur and flesh from the white rabbits
and goat.
After a series of tasks, Klein set up a bonfire. He set up a barbecue rack that
came from history, and he placed a white rabbit on it. He brushed it with a
full set of condiments he made himself, like basil, fennel, and salt, as he
constantly turned the meat over.
At this moment, the delicacies from the Historical Void he had eaten before
had long disappeared due to him no longer maintaining their existence. His
body and soul were calling out for replenishment.
A tempting fragrance was gradually emanated as Amon’s nose twitched
slightly.
“You’re really eating them?”
Without waiting for his reply, the God of Mischief continued, “They’re
essentially the flesh of monsters and your Worms of Spirit. Are you sure
you want to eat them?”
“There’s no way to undo the curse at the level of an angel. If there’s no way
to resist or correct it at the same level, there’s no way of dispelling it. Since
a thing looks like a rabbit, smells like a rabbit, and tastes like a rabbit, it’s a
rabbit.” As Klein seriously roasted the rabbit, he gave a self-deprecating
laugh. “Besides, how can I not maintain the best state if I want to escape
from your grasp? For this sliver of hope, I can only challenge my
psychological limits.”
This is what it means to endure humiliation and suffering! Klein added
inwardly.
At the same time, he sighed at the Ancient Bane’s Transformation Curse.
This was many times stronger than a Sequence 3 Disciple of Silence’s
curse!
There’s almost no limit to the amount of time it can be maintained…
Clearly, an ordinary animal can use all of my Beyonder powers through the
Worm of Spirit, but a deformed marionette due to a curse isn’t possible…
This is a curse at the angel level… Apart from putting up resistance from
someone at the same level, one can use the correct method to remove it. No
curse is irreversible. There are always loopholes… Heh heh, will kissing
this rabbit turn it into Gehrman Sparrow? Klein made a self-deprecating
comment as he analyzed to compose himself.
After hearing his reply, the monocled Amon, nodded with a smile.
“Very good.
“This is indeed a good revelation to have.”
Klein didn’t respond as he resumed his barbecue.
Not long after, with the help of Flame Controlling, he finished roasting a
rabbit and a goat’s leg. Taking advantage of the opportunity before the
condiments disappeared, he matched some sweet ice tea he summoned from
the Historical Void with the food, filling his mouth with fragrance. It
nourished his body and mind, allowing him to effectively relieve the
pressure, despair, and indecisiveness from being “kidnapped” by Amon.
During this process, he would occasionally recall the disgusting looks of the
monsters, as well as the fact that the Worms of Spirit were equivalent to
himself. However, he was able to bring his feelings under control very well.
After filling his stomach and replenishing his energy, he turned the
remaining ingredients next to the fire into dry rations, as though he was
saving up for his subsequent plans.
Seeing him slowly but orderly making all sorts of preparations, Amon
suddenly nudged his monocle and asked with a slight smile, “In actuality,
you’re trying to stall for time before we reach the actual destination, right?”
Klein’s hands paused for a moment before he continued with his actions. He
smiled and said, “Yes, I’m waiting for help.
“Guess who?”
Amon didn’t answer directly as “He” said with a smile, “I’m looking
forward to it.”
Klein continued his work until he prepared rations for three or four meals.
He thought for a moment and once again reached his hand into the void in
front of Amon. He failed again and again as he kept making attempts. It was
unknown what item he was trying to summon, but it seemed like he was
using his actions to dare Amon into stealing it.
After watching for a few seconds, Amon smiled and shook “His” head.
“He” slowly stood up and walked out the half- collapsed tower building.
Klein’s right hand stopped in mid-air before he retracted it and pinched his
forehead.
He muttered to himself in puzzlement, “What was I trying to do just
now…”
While trying to recall, Klein stood up as well. He brought along his packed
rations, picked up the animal hide lantern, and walked to the back of
Amon’s side.
The man and angel circled around the hill and entered a valley.
The water was sloshing in the river, but when the dim yellow light shone at
it, or when the lightning in the sky lit up the area, Klein realized that there
was no water in the riverbed. The sounds he had heard earlier had also
disappeared.
“A river that has been transferred into a concealed state?” After some
deliberation, he raised a question to Amon.
“That’s right. It will only appear in darkness void of light,” Amon replied
with a slight nod, unfazed with the question.
“Can I drink it?” Klein pressed.
Amon smiled and said, “Sure. This was once one of the water sources of a
city that had persisted for 1600 years in the darkness. As long as you can
bring the water away from the riverbed, they can appear in places with
light.
Your next move is to suggest that I bring the lantern to wait by the side
while you hydrate yourself in the darkness? “And then, take this
opportunity to transform into a concealed state?”
Klein smiled awkwardly.
“How could I use such a simple method?”
Hearing that, Amon laughed and stroked “His” monocle.
“Sometimes, the simplest plan is the most effective. You can give it a try.”
With regards to the words of this peerless swindler, Klein couldn’t believe
it, nor did he dare to believe it. He was afraid that the other party was using
reverse psychology with the truth.
He could only put the matter of the water aside and ask, “In the Forsaken
Land of the Gods, how many human gathering points, like the City of
Silver, have yet to be destroyed?”
Amon looked ahead and said without changing “His” expression, “The ones
I know don’t exceed ten.
“In this aspect, the City of Silver is lucky. At least, they can see and have
the ability to touch the light.”
This means that the City of Silver is very close to the Giant King’s Court,
the door leading out of the Forsaken Land of the Gods. There’s no need to
risk death to reach it. As for the other cities, no matter how steadfast they
are in the darkness, no matter how many exploration teams they send out, it
will all be futile. There’s no way to find the exit? Indeed, from this angle,
the City of Silver is unfortunate, and also lucky… This is purely dependent
on the reference point… Klein held the lantern as he proceeded along the
bank and began coming up with his second attempt at escaping.
Amon walked beside him, occasionally providing him with ideas that
seemed reliable but had unknown actual results. “He” appeared to be
suffering from schizophrenia, trying “His” best to destroy “His” true body’s
hopes in obtaining Sefirah Castle.
On the other side of the Giant King’s Court, in the City of Silver.
After receiving the Chiefs summoning call, Derrick Berg brought the
Unshadowed Crucifix to the top of the spire and entered a spacious room.
There was a mysterious and complicated altar set up here. Different items
were placed in different spots—a total of six items, each of them emanating
a dangerous aura.
With a glance, Derrick saw an ordinary silver flute, a mask made from a
skull, and the remains of a deformed person. “You have the Unshadowed
Crucifix. You can stay here for fifteen minutes, but you can’t exceed that
time. Otherwise, you will suffer a sudden death.” Colin Iliad wore a linen
shirt and a brown coat as he exhorted Derrick.
Derrick’s spiritual perception was triggered as he asked, “Your Excellency,
is this because of that Twilight Mask?”
His right hand pointed at the mask made from a skull.
“Yes.” Colin nodded slightly and said, “I’ve already prepared the remains of
six powerful creatures. These were all hunted by myself, or with me as the
main force.”
Derrick was immediately enlightened.
“You still lack the blessings of a deity?”
Colin instantly fell silent. After nearly ten seconds, he opened his mouth
and slowly said, “Yes.”
After some hesitation and struggles, he finally chose The Fool.
At least those mushrooms had given the City of Silver hope.
Derrick suppressed his joy and thought back to the interactions at the Tarot
Club. He raised a question in puzzlement: “Why didn’t you let those two
god-level Sealed Artifacts give you their blessings?”
He remembered that subsidiary gods—or angels—could satisfy the
requirements of the ritual. It wasn’t the case that only a Sequence 0 true
deity could provide blessings. After all, a Silver Knight was only a
Sequence 3.
Colin fell silent again and hesitated for a few seconds before saying, “They
won’t give blessings.”