Chapter 935

“Meeting Up”
Anderson, who was enjoying a piece of cream cassava bread, looked up at
Danitz. Seemingly in thought, he said, “I’m not sure why, but I don’t wish
to leave West Balam. Haha. Since I’m here, as a treasure hunter, how can I
return empty-handed?
“In the extensive forests, there are all sorts of abandoned temples that have
gold, jewelry, antiques, and maybe mystical items. All of them are waiting
for me to rescue them!”
Danitz tipped his chin and guzzled down the remaining Gwadar.
This was a beverage made from a fruit native to West Balam. It was orange-
yellow in color with a sweetness amidst its sourness. It was good at
quenching thirst and relieving heat. It also had some caffeine that allowed
people to combat fatigue and stay awake.
Putting down the cup and picking up his napkin to wipe his mouth, Danitz
scoffed.
“I keep feeling as though you’re up to something.”
“I also hope that’s the case,” Anderson said with an unconcerned smile.
He matched breakfast with coffee.
In East and West Balam, there were many excellent coffee-bearing lands.
They were just slightly less famous than Feynapotter’s highlander coffee,
the Southern Continent’s highlander coffee, and the Star Highlands and the
nearby Paz Valley’s Fermo coffee.
Without waiting for Danitz’s reply, Anderson said with a smile, “Actually,
isn’t this good? I’m providing you with free protection, and you’re my
interpreter. Everyone benefits out of this arrangement.”
Recalling that he was only a Sequence 7 and was wanted by all kinds of
factions, Danitz had a baffling feeling that Anderson’s words made sense.
He coughed slightly and said, “But there will be certain times when I’ll get
you to stay away.”
“If you say ‘please,’ then there’s no problem,” Anderson said in a relaxed
manner.
Danitz immediately hooded himself and walked towards the hotel’s exit in
preparation to begin today’s investigations.
Midway, he suddenly said, “Have you had such an experience? Often
dreaming of an angel’s descent, wrapping you in its layered wings.
“No, it’s not only a dream. I occasionally will have the same hallucination
even when I’m awake.”
Anderson glanced at the boxing glove Danitz was wearing. After pondering
for a few seconds, he said with a smile, “Are you a believer of some secret
existence?
“Or have you made contact with some ancient item?”
Danitz’s expression froze as he forced a smile.
“If it were as simple as you said, I would’ve long guessed the reason!”
As he spoke, he brushed shoulders with the three men who came in before
walking out.
Anderson habitually sized up the passersby to confirm his surroundings.
Therefore, he glanced at the three men and realized that they were a master
and two servants. The master was tall and his skin was brown. He had soft
facial features, as though he had parents from Balam and Loen. He wore
attire in the style of the Northern Continent-silk top hat, black formal suit,
and a gold inlaid cane.
The two servants were standard locals that seemed to come from
plantations. They were helping their master hold his cane and leather
suitcase. One of them was a mixed-blood with a fleshy face and baggy
clothes. On his waist was a rapier, as though he was also playing the role of
a bodyguard.
Unconcerned, Anderson retracted his gaze and followed Danitz onto the
street.
He pointed at the different-styled coffins that were horse-drawn or manually
lifted with piqued interest.
“Want to try one of those?
“It’s very interesting. Once you get used to it, you will realize that death
isn’t something to be afraid of. Perhaps you might be able to open the lid at
some point in time and stand up again.”
Danitz looked at the strange transportation tool through the corner of his
eyes as he didn’t hesitate to shake his head.
“As a pirate, I more or less believe in the Lord of Storms. Certain things are
taboo, and one of them is to stay away from coffins.”
“I’m different. I don’t have any taboos.” Anderson casually took out a few
Delexi and bought a few sets of newspapers from the paperboy on the
street.
It had to be said that when it came to paperboys, the various cities in the
Southern Continent weren’t inferior to the Northern Continent. After all,
manual labor was cheaper, and there were many children who needed to
supplement their family’s income.
As Danitz walked to the end of the street in search of a carriage meant for
foreigners, he took a copy of the newspapers from Anderson and quickly
browsed through it.
Suddenly, he noticed a piece of news:
“…Infamous pirate who calls himself Admiral Hell, Ludwell, has been
killed by the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow. His Black Tulip and
entire crew has been taken over by Mirella who claims to be Death’s
Envoy…”
“This…” Danitz’s mouth turned slightly agape, and he was hardly able to
close it.
He finally understood why Gehrman Sparrow wanted him to be careful of
the Numinous Episcopate!
This lunatic had actually killed the strongest of the seven pirate admirals,
Ludwell!
About ten seconds later, Danitz handed the newspapers to Anderson with a
dazed expression.
“Take a look at this.”
Anderson received the newspaper with a smile and quickly scanned through
it.
After a brief silence, he whistled and chuckled.
“That fellow likely has a new nickname:
“Pirate Admiral Nemesis!”
Danitz didn’t dare to nod as he poignantly said, “Back when I first met him,
although I already found him terrifying, I never expected him to be this
terrifying.”
At this moment, he recalled his early attempts of recruiting Gehrman
Sparrow as a sailor of the Golden Dream.
And while they left the hotel, Klein had already taken up residence in a
luxurious room. He was standing by the window, watching the two Hunters
who were being flippant while walking.
Rubbing the cufflink on his sleeves, he unfolded the letter and wrote:
“…I suspect that the evil spirit that possesses Ince Zangwill is from the
Hunter pathway. You can carry out more investigations in this regard.
“…Along with this letter is a Soul Assurer’s Beyonder characteristic. It
comes from a pitiful person who was Grazed. I liberated him and promised
to return his characteristic to the Church of Evernight.”
In East Balam, having just prepared to join the morning meeting, Leonard
suddenly saw the angel messenger who wielded four blonde, red-eyed
heads appear before him.
Already used to this, he received the letter and opened it and gave it a
glance. He was surprised to see an item as resplendent as the night sky.
This is… Leonard had an inkling as to what the item was. He hurriedly
unfolded the letter and read it.
Twenty seconds later, he slowly sighed and silently said, As expected, it’s a
Beyonder characteristic.
Klein is still very friendly to the Church and the Nighthawks…
He was rather delighted as he took out two transparent dead, ringed worms
and placed it in that envelope. He then summoned Gehrman Sparrow’s
messenger, handed it to her, and paid the one gold coin.
After doing this, Leonard loosened the top buttons of his shirt, walked out
the room, and headed underground
On the way, he encountered Daly Simone.
Still dressed as a Spirit Medium, Daly looked forward and asked very
normally, “Any new clues?”
“…It’s suspected to be an evil spirit of the Hunter pathway.” Leonard fell
silent for two seconds before he decided against concealing the matter.
Daly nodded indiscernibly and said after some thought, “Then it might have
the instinct of being provocative. It will proactively leave clues for us. Of
course, this might also contain some level of misdirection to it.”
Knock. Knock. Knock. Someone knocked at the captain’s cabin of the Blue
Avenger.
“Come on in,” Alger put down the brass sextant in his hand and said in a
deep voice.
A sailor opened the door and looked back. With the urging of his
companions, he hesitantly entered the room and struck his left breast with
his right fist and bowed.
“Holy Lord of Storms!”
After Alger did the same response, he forced a smile and said, “Captain,
many pirates and sailors from merchant ships have been recently saying that
they found valuable items in the ruins of Bansy Harbor. There was even
gold.
“We don’t have any particularly important missions recently, so everyone is
wondering if we should make another trip to Bansy. Such a bustling harbor,
even if it has been searched numerous times, it should still have plenty of
things left…”
Alger listened with a deadpan expression. After a few seconds of thought,
he said, “I can understand your feelings. Let’s do this. Let’s head in the
direction of Bansy Harbor, but do not set a destination. If nothing happens
midway, we will stay there for a day.”
“Aye-aye, Captain.” The sailor excitedly clenched his right fist and struck
his left breast again. “May the Storm be with you…”
“May the Storm be with you…” Alger watched as his subordinate left and
closed the door.
Then, as though nothing had happened, he poured himself a cup of Lanti
Proof without any joy or anger as he sipped it slowly.
Whatever that had just happened was within his expectations. This was
because the news of finding items of value in Bansy Harbor’s ruins was
something he had spread while disguised.
As a captain of the Church of Storms, he was constantly monitored by his
sailors. Having been to Bansy once, mentioning it again made it suspicious.
Therefore, Alger decided on getting the crew to make the request
themselves!
That way, even if they discovered anything or encountered something at
Bansy Harbor, no one would suspect him, the Captain.
To the sailors, especially sailors who had just spent all their money in
Bayam, any news or rumors with sufficient allure would stir their hearts the
most. Alger knew this very well.
In addition, the Blue Avenger had stayed in Bayam for too long. If he hadn’t
set sail, it would also be suspicious.
As for monitoring Artisan Cielf, it was naturally left to The Hermit
Cattleya. Due to the “investigations” of the Aurora Order, this pirate
admiral and the Future had recently been hanging around the Rorsted
Archipelago. It was said to be an important base of the Moses Ascetic
Order.
After drinking the liquor, Alger put down his cup and looked out at the
undulating waves and silently said a word:
“Bansy…”
Considering how it was late June, and will Auceptin’s birthday was still
unclear, Klein did some reorganization before heading above the gray fog to
bring the radio transceiver back to the real world. He also warned himself
that he could only ask a maximum of two questions.
In the room that suddenly turned gloomy and cold, the unmanned
transceiver began producing clicking voices.