Chapter 1413

: In Modern Day 11
…Ma’am Da really has a sense of humor… It’s a good thing that my
broadband company doesn’t charge based on data usage… I control the
twitch in the corner of my lips and turn to look out the window.
She’s here again… A female ghost watching A Chinese Ghost Story. It feels
weird…
Since she doesn’t show any malice and had pointed out the problem of the
cult, while I lack the ability to fend off ghosts—Assassins aren’t capable of
doing such things—I ask after some consideration, “Do you want to
continue watching?”
I watched this movie a long time ago. There’s no need for me to rewatch it.
Besides, I still have to go to the airport to pick up the VIP tomorrow; I can’t
stay up all night.
If I’m late or something goes wrong, I’ll definitely have my salary deducted
or maybe even get fired!
Thankfully, I haven’t taken any housing loans, or bought things on credit. I
don’t have any credit card payments and promissory notes to pay.
Otherwise, I would’ve rejected Madam Da just now and looked for
someone cheaper.
The female ghost on the glass window turns her head and looks at me.
“Will it affect your sleep?”
“Just wear headphones. Don’t worry about the light,” I answer frankly.
The female ghost nods and suddenly disappears from the window.
Then, her figure appears on the screen, almost merging with the movie
scene.
At the same time, the sound of the computer speaker mutes, and the light on
the screen dims.
Impressive. As expected of a female ghost… I don’t know why, but I feel
that my fear of ghosts is decreasing.
Thinking back to when I was young, I was often scared out of my wits by
horror movies; yet, I couldn’t help but secretly watch them, feeling both
pain and happiness.
I get up, switch off the light in the room, climb into bed, pull the duvet over
me, and drape it over my chest.
I close my eyes as I prepare to sleep. Vaguely, I feel like I’ve forgotten
something.
A minute later, I snap awake. I open my mouth and say, “Goodnight.”
As a successor of socialism, I have to be polite even when facing female
ghosts.
A few seconds later, an ethereal voice reverberates in my ears.
“Goodnight.”
With this done, I begin to sleep with ease. Not long after, I fall into a deep
sleep.
When I wake up, I realize that the sky is already bright. Sunlight passes
through the curtains, scattering across my bed.
Out of habit, I laze in bed for a few minutes, and slowly I become
conscious. I sit up slowly.
Turning my head instinctively, I see that the monitor screen has been
switched off. However, the computer hasn’t switched off. It’s still blinking
red.
“…Did she leave after she was done watching?” I gradually recover my
memories from last night, like I’ve experienced a clear dream.
Shaking my head, I pick up my cell phone to check the time.
F*ck!
I scramble up and dash to the bathroom.
I’m almost late!
If I were to mess things up, CEO Huang will skin me alive!
He only treats pretty girls kindly!
At that moment, there’s no Assassin, cult, female ghost, or medium to
interfere with my thoughts.
For humans, living takes the utmost priority.
And the most important thing needed to live is to have money.
After five minutes, I finish washing up and changing my clothes. I rush
downstairs.
Here, I have to thank my two roommates. They always sleep late and wake
up late. They don’t clash with the time when I need to use the bathroom.
They don’t delay my getting to work.
Peng Deng had said before that the person he rented an apartment with in
another city would always take hour-long baths in the morning, making him
either have to wake up early or bring his toothbrush and towel to the office.
I suddenly feel regret when I reach the staircase. I’m an assassin. I could’ve
jumped from the sixth floor.
This could’ve saved me plenty of time!
However, there must be a lot of pedestrians outside at this point. If I dare go
up the windowsill, they would probably call the cops. That would only
waste more time.
Without another thought, I jump down the more than tens steps at a time,
allowing me to quickly reach the ground floor.
During this process, I even had the time to unlock my phone and hire a car
to send me to the airport.
I can make a claim for transportation expenses since it’s for business!
My luck isn’t bad. Very soon, someone takes my request. Furthermore, he’s
nearby. After I rush out of the compound, a white peer-to-peer ridesharing
car stops in front of me in less than a minute.
Perfect!
As I heave a sigh of relief, I pull the door open and climb in.
“Airport.”
“Okay.” The driver is wearing a mask and has no habit of striking up a
conversation.
This is what I like.
Just like I like having a mute for my haircuts.
I glance at my phone again. After confirming that I still have time even if I
encounter a traffic jam, I call the chauffeur and confirm that he’s on his way
to the airport.
This driver isn’t part of our company. He’s from the local office branch that
the foreign VIP is part of.
In other words, there’s no need for me to pick up Mr. Zaratulstra as his own
employee will be responsible for it. However, CEO Huang still sent me to
receive him to show his sincerity.
After making sure that everything is fine, I start using my phone.
In the process, I see a joke post:
“Why is the person I’m seeing suddenly ignoring me?
“She insisted on going to my house to watch a movie yesterday. I still had
to wake up early for work, so I got her to sit by the bed and watch it
alone…”
Heh… I mock this guy and check the replies.
About an hour later, the car arrives at the airport.
Thankfully, I’m still early… I breathe a sigh of relief and give the driver a
five-star rating.
Then, I open the flight schedule and confirm the arrival time.
“…NH6567 landed at the alternate airport, Ning Bei Airport, due to an
engine malfunction…”
Holy sh*t, is this for real? I quickly call the other party’s chauffeur.
“Hey, there’s a problem with the flight. It was redirected to Ning Bei.”
“I’ll immediately give Mr. Zaratulstra a call and confirm if he will
immediately make a domestic transfer or if he will come by high-speed rail.
Or whether we should wait for tomorrow,” the chauffeur says rather calmly.
“Okay, where are you? I’ll come and meet you first.” I’m having a
headache just thinking that I might have to wait at the airport for a few
more hours.
After asking for the location of the car park, I walk all the way there and
find the chauffeur.
This driver is a foreigner with black hair and blue eyes. He had a mustache
that isn’t too thick, and he looks rather handsome.
“Hello? How do I address you?” I ask as I approach.
Previously, Old Ai only gave me a number and a Chinese name. Now, I
would like to call him by his actual name.
Only
The driver nods and says, “Mr. Zaratulstra has already bought a ticket that
will fly off in an hour. He will be here very soon. Please inform CEO
Huang about the developments.”
“Okay.” I stifle my inner groan.
This means that I might have to stay at the airport until noon.
The chauffeur continues, “My name is Rosago.
“I’m a staff member from the MISTER Company.”
“Your Chinese is very good. Which country are you from?” I casually
compliment as I comfort myself.
“France,” Rosago smiles and replies.