Chapter 912

: Origins of the Artisan
Cattleya understood The Hanged Man. If the problem was too serious, they
could use The Moon to involve the entire Sanguine race. They could then
minimize their losses in the chaos and obtain some benefits.
She then smiled and said, “If the situation is that serious, why not directly
find The World? That seems to make things simple.”
Alger remained silent for a few seconds before saying, “I have to prove my
ability at handling problems; therefore, that’s the final resort.”
After hearing his reply, Cattleya immediately made some connections.
The Hanged Man places great importance on the way Gehrman Sparrow
views him. It’s because he’s a Blessed of Mr. Fool? Also, his attitude is
rather identical to the political jokes of Backlund and Trier. When facing a
problem or having committed a mistake, the first reaction is to suppress the
matter and find other methods to resolve it. They cannot let their superior or
consignor know about it…
This means that The Hanged Man was once or is currently a member of a
powerful faction with a strict hierarchy. It influenced him and made him
grasp similar traits… The Church of Storms? No, such a person would be
an oddity… The fleet of the King of the Five Seas?
Amidst her thoughts, the pirate admiral nudged her heavy glasses and
steered the topic back.
“Continue describing the Artisan.”
Alger appeared to have prepared a script. Without any thought or pause, he
said in an unhurried manner, “To hide this Artisan’s identity, to prevent this
resource from being wielded by others, I deliberately constructed the
identity of him being part of the Church of Steam. But in fact, he had no
choice but to create items for unaffiliated Beyonders to earn money to
maintain his lifestyle of enjoying fine wine and beauties. He betrayed the
Church of Steam and hid in Bayam.
“This time, he first contracted a strange disease and was monitored by an
unknown person. Later, he seemed to be under control of people who
believe in the Primordial Moon, claiming that he could receive new life…”
Cattleya finished listening attentively as her eyes with a purple tint
appeared extremely focused.
After The Hanged Man finished his recount, she pondered and asked, “An
Artisan definitely has no lack of mystical items. Furthermore, they know all
the combinations of different Beyonder effects and negative effects. Their
strength is definitely at Sequence 5.
“What methods did those Primordial Moon believers use to control this
Artisan without harming him?
“A demigod was involved?”
Alger slowly shook his head.
“There aren’t any clues regarding that, but based on my observation, the
Artisan has expressed some willingness. I suspect that, while being
threatened and coerced, there are elements of them targeting his weaknesses
to entice him.”
He had indirectly denied the theory that a demigod was involved.
Cattleya nodded.
“How did those Primordial Moon believers find this Artisan?
“Based on your description, this Artisan only trades with trustworthy
friends he’s familiar with. He doesn’t enjoy widening his channels, and he
can be said to be extremely cautious.”
Alger hesitated for a moment and said, “I’m not too sure, but I have a
theory.
“I once helped The World sell a Werewolf Beyonder characteristic to that
Artisan, and the Werewolf pathway belongs to the Mutant pathway. Be it
the formulas or characteristics, they are firmly in the control of the Rose
School of Thought. There are seldom any leaks.”
Likewise, those people who believe in the Primordial Moon in the Southern
Continent basically belong to the Rose School of Thought… Cattleya added
inwardly, having figured out The Hanged Man’s theory.
He suspected that the Werewolf Beyonder characteristic had a latent
problem that involved a secret existence. This resulted in the Artisan being
targeted by the Rose School of Thought!
And this was also the reason why the Rose School of Thought firmly
wielded control over the Mutant pathway’s formula and characteristics.
Cattleya raised a few more questions and obtained satisfactory answers.
Finally, she asked, “What’s that Artisan’s name? What country is he from?”
“He’s from Intis. He calls himself Cielf,” Alger replied straight away.
“Cielf…” Cattleya frowned slightly as she repeated the Artisan’s name
softly.
What’s wrong with that? Upon seeing this, Alger directly asked, “You’ve
heard of him?”
From Alger’s point of view, Admiral of Stars was an experienced
powerhouse with a powerful background and was good at controlling
herself. If she hadn’t wished to discuss Cielf, she wouldn’t have made it so
clear even if she had her suspicions and questions. Due to this, he chose to
ask without mincing his words.
After a moment of silence, Cattleya said, “Emperor Roselle’s eldest son is
Ciel. It’s very similar to that name.”
Without waiting for The Hanged Man to say a word, she continued, “This
prince passed away due to his horror and concerns shortly after the
emperor’s assassination. Back then, the Sauron family wished to hang or
exile his descendants, but the Church of Steam chose to take him in as a
clergyman.”
Alger nodded slightly in enlightenment.
“You suspect that he’s a descendent of that prince?”
In most countries in the Northern Continent like Intis and Feysac, it was
common for people to use their ancestor’s name or something similar as
their names. It represented the legacy of honor; therefore, the more
illustrious a family was, the more common it was to have “the second” or
“the third.”
Of course, it was also very common for two people to have similar names,
but Artisan Cielf wasn’t only a name. He was from the Church of Steam, a
person from Intis, and had reached the level of Artisan.
Faced with The Hanged Man’s question, Cattleya nodded gently.
“I can quickly make a confirmation if you can obtain his blood.”
Understanding the reason, Alger didn’t ask further. Instead, he asked, “Are
you going to take action now? I can provide support.”
Cattleya’s glasses reflected the crimson moonlight that shone inwards.
“No, I plan on observing for some time.
“At the very least, we need to understand why the people who believe in the
Primordial Moon are trying to control Artisan Cielf.
“If they only wish to get the Artisan to work for them and create mystical
items, the situation becomes a lot more simple. And if they have other
goals, the problem might be more complicated than we imagined. We will
need to make more preparations.”
As expected of the Admiral of Stars… Alger nodded and said, “I can’t stay
in Bayam for too long, or else I will incur suspicion. If you need my
assistance, it needs to be fast.”
After receiving confirmation from her, The Hanged Man slowly got up and
pulled up his hood before leaving the room.
Having learned where Artisan Cielf was presently living, Cattleya removed
her heavy glasses and pinched her glabella. Clapping, she said, “Heath,
come in.”
In the shadows of the door gap, the darkness suddenly stirred as a thin and
tall but pale figure appeared.
His nose bridge was ridiculously high, and his facial skin was nearly
transparent. Looking ill, he was none other than the second mate of the
Future, Rose Bishop Heath Doyle.
Cattleya looked at him and said, “The actual situation is… I’ll leave the rest
to you.”
“Yes, Captain.” Heath Doyle simply replied before shrinking back into the
shadows.
Cattleya raised her right hand and paused for a few seconds.
“Stay-Stay away from Frank for the time being. He had reached a standstill
in his mushroom experiments. I’m afraid that he will come up with new
ideas.”
“The location of my second marionette…”
Klein held two branches as he repeatedly chanted without seeing them
move.
This meant a divination failure or that Kolain City didn’t have a second
marionette that suited him well.
From the looks of it, mysticism methods are temporarily useless. I’ll pack
up tomorrow and leave… Klein mumbled and threw the branches into the
trash can.
Standing beside him was Enzo. Although he didn’t dare to directly look at
his master and was only looking at the ground, he skilfully made a cup of
black tea and offered it to Klein.
Compared to before, this Winner now had red skin that was nearly peeling
due to sunburn. After all of this turned for the better, he would have a
swarthy
tan.
To disguise his new marionette and prevent the Rose School of Thought
from recognizing him, Klein had brought this gentleman on a trip to the
beach which received strong sunlight. He was then left exposed to the sun
for prolonged periods of time.
Meanwhile, he controlled the marionette to shave off most of his hair,
leaving a thin layer. With the trimming of his brows, contouring his face
with powder, and wearing shades, Enzo seemed to transform into another
person. Even the most familiar of friends of his might find it difficult to
recognize him unless the person was a Faceless.
Apart from a disguise in the real world, Klein also did some mysticism
management. Firstly, he used the Paper Angel’s embrace, and second, he
carried Azik’s copper whistle along with it.
In addition, he also determined that a Winner’s passive luck and calamity
trait was ineffective. However, he had no idea if it was because of its status
as a marionette, or if it was due to the gray fog.
Receiving the tea and taking a sip, Klein cast his gaze at the map of East
and West Balam on the coffee table. He considered where he could find his
second marionette.
At this moment, the colors around him suddenly saturated as though an
artist had contoured the area with paint.
Right on the heels of that, a figure appeared beside Enzo. He was wearing a
silk top hat and a black suit. With a medium build, he had bronze skin and
eyes that seemed to see the vicissitudes of life. He had soft facial features,
and beneath his right ear was a tiny black mole. He was none other than
Azik Eggers.
Mr. Azik is finally here… Klein was first delighted before he noticed that
he had appeared beside his marionette.
This made an amusing scene surface in his mind.
Mr. Azik, who had relied on the copper whistle to locate him, had done the
same as he usually did – grabbing the copper whistle’s wielder by the
shoulder and had left using the spirit world the moment he appeared. And
all Klein could do was watch helplessly, trying to stop him with
outstretched arms. But being a tad bit slow, he couldn’t help but clam up.
Azik appeared more reticent than before. Looking at Klein who had a new
face, he asked, “Are you ready?”