Chapter 630

: Timeline
The leader of the Naturism Sect was named Flight Ken, a man in his
thirties. His thin face had brown whiskers, and there were evil-looking
tattoos on his neck.
He was brought in front of Klein by Luan. He looked ragged, as though he
had suffered the most severe mental torture.
“Your Excellency, while he was being captured, he kept exchanging his
intelligence for strength, and he’s on the brink of a mental collapse…” Luan
reported the facts, ignoring the possibility that Admiral Amyrius could tell
the exact details.
That’s perfect… Klein had been previously worried that, as a Lunatic, Flight
Ken would refuse to answer his questions while under the mental pressure.
That way, he had to take the risk of being suspected of dismissing his
subordinates and attempting a spirit channeling.
As he looked coldly at Flight Ken, Klein’s left hand wore a golden luster
under the cover of the desk.
He had switched Creeping Hunger to the Interrogator’s soul!
And Interrogator happened to be Sequence 7 of Admiral Amyrius’s Arbiter
pathway!
Deep in Klein’s eyes, two indistinct flashes of lightning appeared as they
overlapped with Flight Ken’s figure.
Psychic Piercing was poised for attack!
However, Klein didn’t directly use the Beyonder power, as it was only at
the level of a Sequence 7. Once he used it in front of Luan, he would
immediately expose himself to the blond secretary.
With the pressure provided by Psychic Piercing on Flight Ken’s Spirit
Body, Klein sat there like the real Admiral Amyrius as he said in a deep
voice, “Do you know Cynthia?”
As he spoke, he raised his right hand high and dangled the black miniature
rhinoceros horn from his palm.
“What is its use?”
The dispirited Flight Ken trembled as he felt as if a dagger was being held
to his psyche, capable of penetrating him at any moment.
He couldn’t help but lower his head as he stammered, “Yes, I know her.
“Cynthia—Miss Cynthia wished to have a child with Your Excellency, a
child with Beyonder powers. She was introduced to me by her parents.
“It’s a Proliferation Necklace created with the bestowment of the goddess’s
aura. By consuming its powder and wearing it for prolonged periods of
time, it… it will be able to make Your Excellency unable to resist her…”
Klein listened in silence as he was half-convinced by Flight Ken’s
explanation. However, he still had his doubts.
He believed that it was partially Cynthia’s goal. This beautiful lady did wish
to have a child with Admiral Amyrius, either by her own will or from the
urging of others. This could be seen from her persistence even after she
mutated.
Although the Loen Kingdom’s aristocrats didn’t like or even discriminated
against their illegitimate children, it was situational. A child who had
successfully inherited their father’s Beyonder characteristics would
similarly be given importance. Those ancient families who knew many
secrets viewed this with importance, and the Rieveldt family was one of
those families.
Furthermore, Admiral Amyrius is a stern and old-fashioned man on the
surface, but he’s someone who treasures his relationships. Even an
illegitimate child would receive his love and have importance attached…
This might be the real reason why Cynthia was eager to have his child…
Klein sighed inwardly.
The doubt towards Flight Ken’s answer was concentrated on the true effects
of the Proliferation Necklace, as well as the possibility of the Naturism Sect
deliberate misleading of Cynthia.
As he strengthened the pressure brought about by Psychic Piercing, Klein
silently stared into Flight Ken’s eyes until he could no longer take it and
bowed his head again.
“What other uses does this necklace have?” Klein shook the cracked
pendant.
His tone was calm, as though he knew every secret. His questions were only
to obtain the final confirmation.
An indescribable pressure inundated Flight Ken, who was already on the
brink of a mental collapse. He plopped to the ground and shouted nearly
hysterically, “I-it can corrupt you!
“As long as Cynthia consumed the powder ground from it and sincerely
chanted Mother Tree of Desire’s honorific name, a-any man who has sex
with her and successfully has a child would be corrupted!
“Th-that will make you become a believer of the Mother Tree of Desire! To
become ‘Her’ Blessed!”
So that’s how it is… Klein instantly understood the entire story, and he was
no longer puzzled by the mutation that happened that very night.
The Naturism Sect’s goal is to use Cynthia and the Proliferation Necklace,
which looks like an ordinary object, to corrupt Admiral Amyrius, making
this important military figure of the Loen Kingdom become the Mother Tree
of Desire’s devout believer. He can then help their sect develop and provide
them protection.
The key to the success of this method is that it’s sufficiently concealed and
normal. It is in no way directly connected to terms like “potency,” “strike,”
and “terrifying.”
Therefore, after three rejections from me, Cynthia was unable to expel the
corruptive forces in the Proliferation Necklace’s powder from her body. She
gradually reached her limit and finally connected with the Mother Tree of
Desire and ended up with what seemed like a sudden mutation…
Therefore, the monster after the mutation wasn’t able to pose any threat to
the real Admiral Amyrius. Even my usage of the Ninth Law charm easily
resolved the matter. This is because this wasn’t the outcome the Naturism
Sect wished to have. They wished to have Admiral Amyrius be secretly
corrupted, and not have a conflict with a demigod… Klein silently looked at
the Secretary Luan.
Luan had also gained a rough understanding of the entire situation. He
immediately lowered his head and said in a deep voice, “Your Excellency, it
was our oversight.
“We only monitored Miss Cynthia and the servants here without expanding
the monitoring to their friends and family.
“I’m willing to accept any punishment for this, even if you send me to be
court-martialed.
How would the real admiral reply? Klein once again immersed himself in
the character of Amyrius, experiencing his recent pain, helplessness, grief,
and anger.
He maintained his seating posture and sternly said, “We shall leave this for
later.”
The hidden meaning behind this sentence meant: “I’ll decide based on your
upcoming performance.”
Luan was taken aback for a second, seemingly finding the admiral’s mild
punishment unbelievable.
Klein half-closed his eyes and said in a deep voice, “My father, the
deceased Earl Rieveldt, once taught me this.
“He said to pardon the first mistake of a subordinate.
“Luan, you, as well as the other bodyguards, should be thankful for his
benevolence.”
Luan’s gaze shimmered as he drew a silent breath. He was no longer as
calm, as he rather earnestly said, “Your benevolence is admirable.
“I pledge my utmost loyalty to you, apart from my principles, god, and
kingdom.”
The pride in you is extremely exaggerated… Klein didn’t believe him as he
said seemingly calm, “There’s a second half of the saying, that is ‘punish
them for their second mistake.’”
Luan nodded, unsurprised at that.
Klein cast his gaze back to Flight Ken who was slumped on the ground. He
pressed without a change in expression, “Who instigated you to do this?”
From his point of view, Flight Ken’s answer was likely that they had
planned it. After coming into contact with Cynthia and learning of her
requests and knowing who her lover was, the Naturism Sect boldly had the
idea of corrupting the naval admiral, Amyrius.
Flight looked left and right somewhat neurotically as he apprehensively
said, “I-it was the Mother Tree of Desire. ‘She’ instigated me to do it in my
dream. I-in the beginning, I only wanted to lend Cynthia the Proliferation
Necklace and for her to wear it. I never planned on her consumption of the
powder.”
Instigated by the Mother Tree of Desire? This is almost equivalent to a
revelation… Klein nearly frowned.
Although Admiral Amyrius is an important figure of the Loen military and
the highest-ranking commander of the Central Sonia Sea, making his
standing and power rather tremendous, it shouldn’t be important enough to
have an evil goddess set “Her” sights on him… However, I’m not an evil
god. I have no way of comprehending their thought process. Perhaps the
corruption of Amyrius is for subsequent plans… Yes, I can’t eliminate the
possibility that Flight Ken is lying. I’ll have to confirm it later… Klein
thought before sternly asking, “When did you have this dream?”
Flight forced a smile filled with fear and said, “I-it was nighttime on 4th
February, last Friday. I-I remember it very clearly. I had just released the
spirituality of a lady.”
4th February… Klein ruminated over the date, momentarily unable to find
anything special about it.
After two seconds of silence, he turned to ask, “What relationship do you
have with the Rose School of Thought?
“What relationship does the Mother Tree of Desire have with the Chained
God?”
He wasn’t worried that Admiral Amyrius might’ve already known of this,
with Secretary Luan having a certain understanding of the matter. This
could be easily understood as a confirmation question.
Flight Ken revealed a passionate look he could hardly keep in.
“W-we’re a branch of the Rose School of Thought. My mentor is the Rose
School of Thought’s saint, Zatwen.
“The Chained God is another manifestation of the Mother Tree of Desire.
“The Mother Tree of Desire is the true and only deity that surpasses the
seven gods and the True Creator!
“Your Excellency, you are a candidate to be ‘Her’ Blessed!”
Who can’t brag… Can it be understood that the Mother Tree of Desire is an
alt of the Chained God? According to the evil spirit in the underground
ruins suspected to be Red Angel Medici, the Prisoner path of the divine and
the Devil pathway can be swapped. Therefore, it’s no surprise that the Rose
School of Thought’s Chained God can magnify the various desires of
creatures. They have the temperance and indulgence factions internally…
This matches the situation… Klein thought as he turned his head to Luan
and said, “Go out for a while.”
He planned on questioning Flight Ken on whether he had done anything
evil, and if he was suitable to be Creeping Hunger’s meal.
“Yes, Your Excellency.” Luan didn’t ask why as he briskly walked out the
study and closed the door behind him.
After the echoing sound of the door closing subsided, the entire study
suddenly turned quiet. It was as though it was isolated from the outside
world.
The Beyonder powers of a Baron of Corruption? The Distortion of “door
closing” to seal the study? Very considerate… Klein pondered for a few
seconds as he recalled the series of thoughts he had previously. Hence, he
suddenly asked, “6th February. What did you do on Sunday evening?”
Flight Ken was taken aback as he said, “W-we followed the revelation
given by Mother Tree of Desire, and using the Proliferation Necklace and a
hair obtained from a particular tramp, we held a ritual to magnify the
tramp’s gluttony.”
The tramp stand-in meant for Admiral Amyrius was indeed killed by you! It
was to prevent the admiral from leaving and, hence, fall into a trap so that
he can have sex with Cynthia and end up being corrupted? Klein instantly
connected all the matters together.
And my appearance provided another possibility that coincidentally
destroyed this plan… Coincidence… That’s not right! When the words
“coincidence” flashed in his mind, Klein suddenly recalled the peculiarity
of 4th February—the day the Mother Tree of Desire gave Flight Ken a
dream revelation.
It was the first day he arrived on Oravi Island!