Chapter 259

: Underground Structure
After signing a contract with Millet Carter and receiving an advance
payment of ten pounds, Klein didn’t rush to Williams Street immediately.
Instead, he made an appointment for four in the afternoon.
Millet was understanding with regard to this. Alone, Detective Sherlock
Moriarty definitely had to recruit people to carry out the exploration.
When the old gentleman left, Klein immediately returned to the dining table
and cut the steak which had turned cold before wolfing it down.
Seriously, doesn’t he need to eat lunch? Why must he pick such a time to
come…After barely filling his stomach, Klein bitterly began cleaning up.
At two o’clock in the afternoon, Mrs. Mary arrived as scheduled. Her eyes
were slightly red and puffy, but her face was turning gloomy. Stelyn
Sammer, who accompanied her, had no choice but to maintain her silence.
Klein handed over an envelope containing his carefully chosen photo.
“Madam, please confirm it.”
Mary paused for two seconds and slowly took in a breath. Then, she took
the envelope, pulled out the photo, and examined it.
“… Excellent, very excellent. You’re the most efficient and responsible
detective I’ve ever met. I’m honored to introduce you as a member of the
Quelaag Club… This is the remaining 7 pounds for the payment. You
deserve it.” Mary took out a wallet from her leather handbag and counted
out a five-pound note and two one-pound notes.
Then, without waiting for Klein’s response, she stuffed the photo back into
the envelope, put it into her handbag, and abruptly got up to leave.
Tap. Tap. Tap. Her buttonless boots made hurried sounds as she stomped on
them. Stelyn Sammer struggled to keep up.
As she opened the door, Mary stumbled and almost fell, but fortunately,
Stelyn caught her.
With this episode, Mary clearly slowed down and seemed to turn calm.
Madam, you forgot to take the portable camera… I’ll give it to Mrs.
Sammer later, and she’ll bring it to you… Klein silently watched this scene,
slightly shaking his head without saying anything.
He returned to the second floor, took a nap, waking up comfortably to the
bell chimes of the nearby church.
Klein had already searched the map and confirmed that Williams Street was
at the border of the West Borough and Empress Borough, a residential area
in the heart of Backlund.
A nice house in West Borough and Hillston Borough costs about 2,500
pounds. Millet Carter’s house is close to Empress Borough, and it’s a
property of a former viscount. The area is definitely sizable. The total
purchase price will be at least 3,500 pounds, maybe even 5,000 pounds.
That will be enough for a pretty decent mystical item… He actually came
visiting me without a housekeeper or an attendant, perhaps because he’s
new in Backlund and hasn’t settled in? Klein put on his double-breasted
coat, hat, and held his cane before heading out into Minsk Street.
The gas lamps haven’t been lit yet, and the streets were surprisingly darker
than during the evenings; however, the air was fairly alright, without the
suffocating air in the boroughs to the east.
Taking a rental carriage, he went all the way to Williams Street. Klein saw a
waiting manservant outside the Unit 8 house.
The manservant, who was dressed in a red vest and light-colored trousers,
bowed respectfully at the incoming visitor.
“Good afternoon, might I inquire if you are Detective Moriarty?”
“Yes, I have an appointment with Mr. Carter.” Klein nodded and followed
the manservant into a mansion with a garden and lawn.
The house was two stories tall. The first floor was in a mess, with a lot of
construction materials placed everywhere. There were workers coming in
and doing some modifications.
Millet Carter wasn’t wearing a hat. Covering his nose, he walked over.
“I’m very sorry about the mess and dirt here, but I do wish that everything
will be fine before my family arrives in Backlund. I can only urge them to
keep working nonstop.”
Having said that, he looked at the manservant and instructed, “Continue
watching them.”
It’s no wonder that he didn’t bring any servants with him. Even his servants
have become supervisors… Klein smiled and said, “I know a lot of doctors.
They tell me that the newly renovated houses aren’t suitable for immediate
occupation. One has to wait at least three months to ventilate it well
enough. Otherwise, old people and children who aren’t strong enough will
easily fall sick.”
“Is that so?” Millet led Klein to the basement and asked doubtfully.
“I’ve never verified it, but I chose to believe in authority. It’s said that this
originated from the words passed down by Emperor Roselle,” Klein
casually fabricated an excuse.
Millet nodded, then turned to look at the door. He couldn’t help but frown
before asking, “Mr. Detective, you didn’t bring an assistant?
“There might be quite a bit of danger in that structure.”
I have an assistant; it’s just that you can’t see her… Klein lampooned as he
said seriously, “This is my first visit, so I’ll advance very carefully. If there
are any problems, I will immediately retreat.
“I’m experienced in this area, so I won’t put myself in a dangerous
situation. If I were matched with inexperienced assistants, it might easily
affect my nimble and decisive actions.”
Millet was startled.
“You’re very professional.”
A professional bluff… Klein silently added.
Without any further doubts, Millet led Detective Moriarty through the
cluttered living room and down the stairs to a fairly spacious basement.
There were no gas pipes here, but four metal candlesticks were set into the
walls, their yellow lights flickering.
Stepping on the stone pavements on the ground, Klein couldn’t help but
sigh in reflection.
As expected of a noble’s property. Even the basement has been “nicely
decorated.” Furthermore, it’s almost as big as the living room of my current
house…
At this moment, Millet pointed ahead and said, “There’s a secret door over
there. It was discovered by the workers when they were renovating.”
Klein focused his gaze. With the not-very-bright candlelight, he saw a gray
stone door in the corner. It should’ve been part of the wall, but it was now
exposed.
“I’ll leave the rest to you. Be safe.” The old gentleman, Millet, gave Klein a
lighted lantern and cautioned him.
“Has this place been ventilated ahead of time?” Klein asked cautiously.
Millet shook his head indiscernibly.
“It’s not particularly stuffy inside, but I didn’t let the workers go too far.”
“Alright.” Klein checked his belongings, put on a black glove, and, under
Millet’s gaze, unhurriedly carried the lantern and approached the stone
door. He pushed it open with his cane.
Amidst the heavy creaking sounds, through the light outside, he saw a deep-
colored passageway paved with stone.
There were several wooden doors on both sides of the passageway and at
the end. They had already begun to rot, but they were still barely usable.
Not too ancient… However, the ostentatious style of the door and the depth
and thickness of the stone slabs don’t match… Did the viscount’s family
change it before?Klein quietly activated his Spirit Vision, gripped his cane,
and walked forward, step by step, with the lantern in hand.
The light dispersed the darkness, and when he passed by the rooms on
either side, he was able to see a somewhat empty scene through the open
door which was likely opened due to the exploration from the workers
Millet had hired. There was also a long bench and a table that shared the
same aesthetic style as the door.
There’s no sign of spirits flashing… Klein did a brief inspection. Without
stopping, he proceeded forward until he came to the end of the hall where a
bifold black stone door was.
Stretching out his gloved right hand, he half-clamped his cane and slowly
pushed against the door.
A jarring sound of friction began to reverberate through the air as the stone
door slowly cracked open. Spirit light suddenly appeared in Klein’s eyes,
reflecting an intertwined aura of different colors.
His heart tightened as he pushed the door open, before taking a few steps
back.
The crack in the stone door widened rapidly, and a slimy black creature fell
from above.
It was a snake with a triangular head and red floral patterns on its head!
It straightened its upper body, shot out its tongue, and looked at Klein with
cold brown eyes.
One snake after another fell from above the door as they piled up at the
entrance.
Klein saw a large hall beyond them. In the middle of the hall, countless
snakes of various colors slithered together, forming an exaggerated nest of
snakes about ten meters wide. The slimy, disgusting feeling assaulted his
senses.
Klein felt his scalp turn numb as he couldn’t help but take two steps back.
He even wanted to look away without daring to look straight ahead.
Although he was a man, he was still afraid of snakes. Snakes were the
animal that he was most afraid of.
This stemmed from a psychological trauma in the past. When he was a child
—despite being way past his bedtime—he liked to secretly open the door to
his room and watch movies with his parents through a crack.
Unfortunately, his parents once watched a snake disaster movie. One scene
involved the demolition of a building. The result was the unearthing of a
large nest of snakes, and the dense squirming remained deeply imprinted in
his mind.
Can the Slumber Charm affect so many snakes? Klein swallowed hard and
said to the air, “Do you have any solutions?”
Miss Bodyguard in her black Gothic dress quickly appeared by his side, her
mouth tightly closed. She didn’t say a thing.
Klein looked at her and she looked back at Klein, but no one spoke.
When a snake slowly slithered out, Klein finally coughed and repeated, “Do
you have any solutions?”
Miss Bodyguard didn’t answer. Instead, she floated and suddenly, a cold
wind blew in the passageway.
Whoosh!
The wind howled as it blew into the hall. The temperatures dropped rapidly
as it approached the temperatures of the outside world.
Whoosh!
The densely-packed snakes in the middle of the hall suddenly slithered in
all directions, searching for a warmer, more suitable spot to survive.
Two to three minutes later, a thin layer of frost formed on the surface of the
hall and the passageway, and countless snakes had disappeared without
much of a trace.
Whoosh!
The continued as Klein said, chattering, “T-that’s quite enough.”
The surging cold wind slowed down, but the cold didn’t subside. Miss
Bodyguard’s figure disappeared once again.
Klein lifted his cane-wielding right hand, covered his mouth and nose, and
sneezed. Then, he raised the lantern and cautiously walked through the
stone door into the wide hall.
The style here was identical to the passageway outside. There were eight
circular columns of the same color erected there.
Metal poles hung from the high dome, and at the bottom were candlesticks
carved into different creatures.
An upside-down candlestick… As a university student of the History
department, a person who could barely be called an elite in this field, Klein
made a preliminary judgment based on this unique arrangement.
A structure of the Fourth Epoch?