Chapter 1216

Patience Will Ultimately Pay Off
City of Silver, at the top of the spire, in the Chief’s room.
With white hair and an old scar on his face, Colin Iliad looked out of the
window at the deep darkness. It was only when a silvery-white light
suddenly burst out from afar, bringing a few seconds of light, that he
retracted his gaze and nodded slightly.
Chirmont has succeeded in advancing…
His gaze landed on the two-meter-tall youth standing in the middle of the
room.
“Derrick, do you know why I kept delaying the subsequent plans and didn’t
implement them after the first exploration of the Giant King’s Court,
despite already becoming a Sequence 3 Silver Knight?”
Derrick thought for a moment and said, “Your Excellency, on the one hand,
you wish to see if there are any other paths you can take to the seaside. On
the other hand, you are waiting for the other Elders of the six-member
council to advance to Sequence 3.”
And now, both matters were completed.
Nearly five months ago, an expedition team of the City of Silver discovered
a hidden path. From there, they circled around the mountain where the
Giant King’s Court was located, and they arrived at the sea. However, the
sea was illusory, and there was no way to pass through it. Forcefully
entering the water only caused bodies to gradually crumble.
Now, another demigod of the six-member council, Waite Chirmont, had
finally advanced, becoming a Sequence 3 Silver Knight. He could have an
honorific name and receive the prayers of the other residents of the City of
Silver within a certain range.
Colin Iliad sighed and said, “Very good. You have a very well-rounded
understanding of the situation.
“If I had a choice, I truly do not wish to bring you to the Giant King’s Court
again and attempt to open the palace where Dark Angel lays in slumber…”
At this point, Demon Hunter Colin paused for a moment before continuing,
“I do not know what danger such an expedition will bring. I can only make
ample preparations in advance. Now, Chirmont has finally succeeded. Even
if an accident happens later and we are unable to return, he and the other
Elders will be able to support the City of Silver, allowing everything to
continue on as we await the next opportunity.”
He sized up Derrick for a few seconds before nodding in acknowledgment.
“Your growth is even better than I expected. If not for the fact that the Giant
King’s Court matter originated because of you, I’d really want to keep you
in the City of Silver and be an understudy Elder of the six-member
council.”
Upon hearing this, Derrick Berg replied without hesitation, “Even if you
wish to keep me here in the City of Silver, I would still apply to go.”
This was a glimmer of hope that he had seen. This was an opportunity in his
heart that could save the City of Silver. He was willing to sacrifice
everything for it.
Colin Iliad gave a rare smile.
“You are still too young. After you experience many things like me, you
will understand that compared to drawing your sword and sacrificing your
blood in a zealous fervor, enduring humiliation and helplessness, and
persisting in the darkness is even more difficult and painful.
“If you don’t believe me, you can ask Chirmont later. Ask him if he is
willing to lead an expedition team to the Giant King’s Court, or stay in the
City of Silver.”
Derrick fell into silence, his mouth agape, but not a single word came out of
it.
Colin Iliad didn’t continue on this topic and instead asked, “Have you
completely digested the Priest of Light potion?”
“I digested it completely last week,” Derrick replied frankly.
Colin Iliad nodded and said, “Have you gathered all the supplementary
ingredients?”
Derrick acknowledged tersely.
“I’ve gathered all of them. I’m just short of preparing the ritual.”
His ritual required him to extract the strongest emotions that he was
unwilling to abandon, before injecting them again after consuming the
potion.
After a few gatherings with the Tarot Club, as well as Miss Justice’s private
attempts, they had already come up with a well-formulated plan.
He was to complete it by relying on this Sequence 4 Manipulator’s control
of the psyche domain, and Mr. Fool’s Angel’s Embrace.
Demon Hunter Colin didn’t rush him as he calmly said, “Don’t be anxious.
The second exploration of the Giant King’s Court will still take some time.”
“Until I become an Unshadowed?” Derrick asked.
Colin Iliad didn’t deny it as he nodded slightly.
“I’m also waiting for Lovia to become a Black Knight. Her ingredients and
ritual have been prepared.”
Upon hearing this, Derrick immediately felt pressured.
…
At the capital of the Rorsted Archipelago, City of Generosity, Bayam. At
the top of the bell tower of the City of Generosity.
The cardinal of the Church of Storms, the high-ranking deacon of the
Mandated Punishers, Sea King Jahn Kottman, stood behind the railing,
looking at the sea which was no longer that blue. There was wreckage
floating above it, burning with the remains of ships.
“Humph, in my territory at sea, even a War Bishop has to bow his head…”
The muscular demigod with a chiseled face retracted his gaze as he
muttered.
He had a head of dark blue hair and a pair of deep blue eyes that were as
thick as a worm. He controlled the weather and sea around the Rorsted
Archipelago.
Alger Wilson, who was standing beside the Sea King, didn’t show any signs
of frustration. He patiently waited until Jahn Kottman turned his attention
onto him.
Aside from most of the Beyonders of the Sailor pathway being bad-
tempered, they often trembled in submission when facing High-Sequence
Beyonders of the same pathway. This was a characteristic of a “Tyrant.”
After muttering to himself, Sea King Jahn Kottman finally cast his gaze at
Alger, who was leading a “pirate” fleet. He said without any expression,
“Your performance this time was remarkable. The Council of Cardinals has
passed your review and has decided that I will preside over your
advancement ritual.”
After receiving the item left behind by Queen of Calamity Cohinem, Alger
found an opportunity to report the matter to Sea King Jahn Kottman.
Apart from two details that he modified, he had given an honest account of
the exploration of the elven ruins from the time he arrived in the primitive
forest of Sonia Island.
Firstly, he claimed that he had headed for the elven ruins as part of him
taking the initiative to ambush the Feysacian troops. They had specially
looked for a suitable venue, and there were many sailors present to verify it.
The second was to lessen the autonomy of the subsequent actions. He only
claimed that he dreamed of a female high elf on the night of his exploration
of the ruins. Nothing abnormal happened after he drank a glass of wine
from her, so he hadn’t paid too much attention to it. When he came to the
Rorsted Archipelago and woke up one night from his sleep, he suddenly
realized that he had entered a magnificent palace at the bottom of the sea,
and had picked up a sparking coral.
Although many aspects of the evidence and physical evidence had indicated
that Alger’s description was real, Sea King Jahn Kottman didn’t fully
believe it. He was sent back to Pasu Island to be investigated by the pontiff,
Gaard II.
With the help of “Angel’s Embrace,” Alger looked like he was trembling in
front of the Tyrant’s aura. Without holding back, he explained that he had
developed a certain degree of ambition after meeting the female high elf in
his dreams. For this, he had taken the initiative to head to the Rorsted
Archipelago in hopes of receiving her inheritance, but in reality, he had
covered up the core secrets and the most serious problem.
He had used the method of confessing his “ambition” to pass the
investigation. As for the female high elf, whether it was a result of him
having some elven blood that a fortuitous encounter was given to him, or if
she had any hidden motives, he claimed that he was unsure. He hoped that
the pontiff could figure out the answer to lessen his worries.
Alger displayed his fear of the unknown, making the cardinals believe that
this was the main reason why he had reported the fortuitous encounter.
This proposal was designed by Alger himself, but with Miss Justice’s
suggestions, it was tweaked to be more in line with human nature.
Of course, as expected, Alger didn’t receive the advancement ritual. Instead,
he entered an inspection period.
The pontiff of the Church of Storms, the Grounded Angel, had reinforced
the seal in Alger’s body, preventing the Cataclysmic Interrer characteristic
from seeping out for two years and affecting him.
In the past half a year, Alger had led the pirate fleet that had been assigned
to him. He had worked hard to harass the ships of Feysac and Feynapotter.
He had even participated in sea battles, taking great risks and making
numerous contributions. This fully expressed his devotion to the Lord of
Storms, as well as his submission to the orders given by the Church.
Finally, after this Rorsted sea battle, the situation had escalated. His
patience paid off as the Council of Cardinals acknowledged him.
Alger took a deep breath and struck his right fist to his left breast, shouting
loudly, “Holy Lord of Storms!”
His agitation was half an act, while the other half came from the bottom of
his heart. This was because in the past half-year, he had suffered quite a bit
of pressure.
Ma’am Hermit had already finished digesting the Mysticologist potion and
was preparing to advance to Sequence 3, Clairvoyant;
Although Miss Justice had yet to fully digest the Manipulator potion, she
had made significant progress. Furthermore, she was a complete rookie
when she first joined the Tarot Club. Now, she had become a true demigod.
She wasn’t just a Sequence higher than Alger, but a whole tier;
Before long, The Sun could advance to Sequence 4, Unshadowed, and
obtain godhood;
The Star had also finished digesting the Sequence 5 potion and had
accumulated a significant amount of contributions. He was just waiting for
the higher-ups to give him a chance;
Miss Magician wasn’t far from digesting her potion after “Traveling” time
and time again. Furthermore, her teacher had prepared the corresponding
Sequence 4 Secrets Sorcerer ingredients for her;
There was no need to mention The World Gehrman Sparrow. Even if he
were to suddenly inform them that he was an angel, Alger wouldn’t find it
surprising;
Miss Judgment was currently a Sequence 5 Disciplinary Paladin. She was
digesting the potion and was trying her best to keep up with everyone’s
progress;
The Moon, who didn’t like to work hard, became anxious as a result and
was seeking to become a Sanguine Earl.
Faced with such a situation, as one of the most senior members of the Tarot
Club, Alger naturally didn’t wish to be left behind. He desperately wished
to advance to Sequence 4 and become a demigod.
So many days had gone by; yet, he suppressed his anxiety and patiently
waited. There were two instances where he showed signs of losing control
which required him to hire Miss Justice to treat him.
And now, he finally got the answer he wanted the most:
He had passed the assessment and was to prepare for the ritual!