Chapter 1103

Hin
Klein didn’t actually remember if he had told The Hanged Man and the
others that the Sailor, Spectator, Sun, Reader and Secrets Suppliant
pathways were interchangeable—unless he used dream divination to recall
it.
However, since The Hanged Man had expressed his doubts towards the
Church of the Lord of Storms, it meant that he hadn’t thought about the
interchangeability of both paths. Regardless of whether he knew it or not, or
if he had yet to connect the two matters together, Klein believed that there
was a need for him to explain things clearly. This allowed the members of
the Tarot Club to grasp the true stances of the various major factions, thus
letting them avoid many dangers.
After The Hanged Man, Alger, and the others cast their gazes at him, he
controlled The World Gehrman Sparrow and made him say in a low,
uncertain tone, “The Storm, Sun, Spectator, Reader, and Secrets Suppliant
pathways are neighboring pathways.
“Likewise for Evernight, God of Combat, and Death.
“And neighboring pathways often become enemies. Of course, that’s not
absolute. At least the seven deities have established an alliance.”
Upon hearing The World’s reply, Alger first recalled Adam pushing for the
“flood of the times” to become a god. Following that, thoughts flashed
through his mind as he gained a certain level of understanding of the
Church of the Lord of Storms’s current attitude.
This made him feel a rather special sense of superiority and joy. It was as if
he had seen the essence of the matter, exceeding the level of most
Beyonders in the Church of the Lord of Storms.
Similarly, Audrey had a brand new understanding of Intis’s strange silence
in this war. She was even more worried about the situation in Lenburg,
Masin, and Segar.
In addition, she also knew that she could switch to Unshadowed,
Cataclysmic Interrer, and to the corresponding Sequence 4 demigod of the
Church of Knowledge and Wisdom she had recently met.
As for the corresponding Sequence 4 of the Secrets Suppliant pathway, it
wasn’t within her considerations at all.
Of course, compared to other pathways, she still preferred Manipulator. She
liked the Spectator pathway from the bottom of her heart. However, she
also felt deep fear towards the upper echelons of the Spectator pathway—
Hvin Rambis had left a rather bad impression on her. Adam’s “any mention
of it will be known” had left her with a trauma.
She had no choice but to undergo self-evaluations and treat the
corresponding problems from time to time.
The Hermit Cattleya had always been deeply knowledgeable about such
matters. Apart from the information mentioned by The World Gehrman
Sparrow, she also knew that the Mystery Pryer and Savant pathways were
neighboring pathways that could be interchanged at high Sequences. It was
likewise for the Arbiter and Lawyer pathways, the Prisoner and Criminal
pathways, the Hunter and Assassin pathway, and the Planter and
Apothecary pathway.
As the other members of the Tarot Club dispersed their thoughts, Alger said
to The World Gehrman Sparrow, “Thank you for your answer.”
He didn’t say exactly what insights he had gleaned from the answer.
In fact, for an instant, Alger wanted to leave the Church of the Lord of
Storms and switch to another pathway. This was better than waiting for a
very slim chance in the Church. However, he ultimately gave up on this
idea. After all, his goal for a long time was to become a cardinal of the
Church of the Lord of Storms. At present, he was beginning to yearn to be
ranked first amongst the cardinal ranks, becoming an angel in charge of the
Mandated Punishers or Ascetics.
As for the position of pontiff, Alger didn’t yearn for it. This was because it
was too close to the Lord of Storms, and he had many secrets he kept close
to his chest.
If he were to be chosen as pontiff, Alger suspected that he would be smote
to ashes by a lightning storm that descended from the sky the moment he
put on the papal tiara.
Seeing that the exchange between The World and The Hanged Man had
ended, Emlyn asked with curiosity, “Which pathway can the Apothecary
pathway be interchanged with?”
Being from the Sanguine race made them have no thoughts of switching to
other pathways, as it would often mean that they had lost their “identify.”
Therefore, Emlyn wasn’t too concerned about such matters.
“The Planter pathway of the Church of Earth Mother,” Cattleya answered
casually.
The Planter pathway… Possessed by the Church of Earth Mother… Emlyn
frowned as he vaguely grasped something.
At this moment, Xio also asked, “Which pathway neighbors the Arbiter
pathway?”
“Lawyer,” Cattleya answered simply.
Lawyer of the Black Emperor pathway… In other words, if I could become
a Sequence 5,1 would be able to switch to Sequence 4 of the Black Emperor
pathway. And Fors had previously told me that Mr. Fool has the Card of
Blasphemy; it contains all the secrets of the Black Emperor pathway… Xio
suddenly realized that there was a glimmer of light for her future.
It had to be known that the Arbiter pathway was firmly controlled by the
two royal families. Even the corresponding military only had the potion
formula for the Low- and Mid-Sequences. If they wanted to advance
beyond Sequence 5, they had to receive a bestowment from the royal
family. Just like how every general had to be conferred by the king or
queen. Furthermore, what they obtained in the end was the concocted
potion and the ritual.
To Xio, this meant that it was almost impossible for her to get the Sequence
4 potion formula for the Arbiter pathway.
Of course, no matter how tightly guarded the potion formulas was, there
were bound to be loopholes. The military’s demigods knew of the ritual,
and from time to time, they would cooperate with the royal family to hunt
powerful supernatural beings. They could roughly narrow down the
candidates for the main ingredient to a small area, but this also meant that
they could only confirm the formula through repeated experiments. At the
same time, the military demigods were also unable to grasp the
supplementary ingredients. If they wanted to rely only on the main
ingredients to advance, they needed to seek out the benediction of fate.
And now, Xio had seen another possibility.
At this moment, Audrey had already summarized the neighboring pathways
that Mr. World and Ma’am Hermit had mentioned before thoughtfully
asking:
“Among Prisoner, Criminal, Hunter, Assassin, Savant, Mystery Pryer, and
Monster, which ones are neighboring similar pathways?”
The World Gehrman Sparrow glanced at The Hermit and replied hoarsely,
“Prisoner and Criminal, Hunter and Assassin, and Savant and Mystery
Pryer are similar pathways that can be interchanged at high Sequences.”
This was knowledge that could be confirmed by Klein. Among them, the
interchangeability between Prisoner and Criminal was something
mentioned by the Red Angel evil spirit to which Miss Sharron tacitly
accepted. The interchangeability between Savant and Mystery Pryer had
been personally demonstrated by Emperor Roselle. As for Hunter and
Assassin, it was information that he had accumulated over time which could
finally be confirmed.
’’What about Monster? There’s only this one left, Fors, who was listening,
couldn’t help but ask.
Seeing The World remain silent, Cattleya thought for a moment before
saying, “It’s difficult to be categorized as a neighbor of any other Beyonder
pathway. Just like fate, it can only objectively exist alone.
“I can be sure of that. I can only say that the most fundamental order in our
world’s supernatural powers might be chaos and disharmony.”
The reason why Cattleya was certain that the Monster pathway didn’t have
the means to be interchanged with other pathways was because her
advancement ritual required her to analyze the Snake of Fate’s blood.
I see… Audrey was slightly uncomfortable with this disharmonious
situation, but she quickly adjusted her state of mind.
After the exchange was almost complete, all the members of the Tarot Club
looked at The Sun Derrick.
The youth said without any hesitation, “We’ve already set off. We’re
currently less than a day away from Afternoon Town. When we arrive, we’ll
be resting for another day or two before we begin exploring the Giant
King’s Court.”
The Sun’s words made Alger, Cattleya, and company suddenly feel like
myths were entering reality. Compared to places like the ruins of the
battlefield of the gods, the Giant King’s Court was a symbolic entity that
appeared in various legends and in different secret documents.
What secret was it hiding? What was buried in it? The answer was about to
be revealed!
Even though they had followed The World Gehrman Sparrow into the City
of Miracles Liveseyd, which was on par with the Giant King’s Court, The
Star Leonard and Justice Audrey were also secretly excited and looking
forward to hearing more. After all, the city that the Dragon King had
“imagined” into existence had lost too much in the process of being
transferred to Groselle’s Travels. There were no traces of anything of value.
Apart from the building itself, there was only the hall that expressed the
extraordinariness of the ancient myths.
Furthermore, what was even more important was that Derrick had
mentioned that the Kings of Angels had come to a secret plot in the Giant
King’s Court!
As for The Fool Klein, he was thinking of something else:
Should I get Little Sun to pray to The Fool before the exploration? Then,
I’ll use the crimson star and the Sea God Scepter to extend my vision to a
certain distance so that I can watch a live broadcast…
Yes. In that case, if there are any accidents, I can still provide some help.
The only problem is that this method of relying on the prayer points of light
for “observation” cannot last too long.
This has nothing to do with my own spirituality. It’s just that this
connection will fade away with time and last forty- five minutes at most…
Let Little Sun pray every once in a while? Uh, that’s under the premise that
it doesn’t affect his battle or attract the attention of the people around him…
In that case, my spirituality can probably last for two hours. It’s not on the
same level as my Sequence 5. Heh heh, it’s also because of my recent rapid
digestion of the potion.
After pondering for a moment, Klein didn’t speak. He controlled The World
Gehrman Sparrow to hint to The Sun:
“Before exploring the Giant King’s Court, you can pray to Mr. Fool and
pray for good luck. In the process, you can also pray many times.”
Mr. World really is a nice guy… After Derrick sincerely thanked him, he
hurriedly turned his body towards the end of the long, mottled table.
Then, he saw Mr. Fool, who was enveloped by the grayish-white fog, nod
slightly.