Chapter 1001

: First Movement
When the Wraith in front of him was gone, Emlyn White retracted his gaze,
untied the thread on the dossier, and pulled out the documents inside.
As he read through them, Emlyn had a rough idea of Ernes Boyar’s routine.
This Sanguine Viscount had a routine which was rather random-staying at
home, out visiting exhibitions, partaking in wine tasting at manors in the
city outskirts, shopping at department stores with female companions, or
sketching female models. He was like the typical wealthy man.
However, Ernes had recently been visiting St. George Borough every other
day to monitor the renovations of the furniture factory he had invested in. It
was a bid to ensure that it could quickly resume work.
This way, the Sanguine Viscount’s lifestyle became repetitive. The places
he visited, the paths he took, and the places he had lunch were repeated
every other day.
Emlyn pressed down on his temples, seriously filtering out three venues
which were suitable for the operation.
The first was inside or at the entrance of the furniture factory owned by
Ernes Boyar. The second was Saint Hierländ Square where he stopped
along the way home for a meal and to feed birds. The third place was
Backlund Bridge. Unless Ernes was willing to take a huge detour, he had to
pass by this area when traveling between his home and St. George Borough.
These three spots meet the requirement of having plenty of people, making
it chaotic. However, Backlund Bridge has too few entrances and exits. With
the two ends locked down, one can only leave by jumping into the river, an
act only chosen by idiots… Saint Hierländ Square comes under Saint
Hierländ Cathedral, core to the Church of Steam in Backlund, and even the
entirety of Loen. It’s akin to the second Holy See. It meets Mr. Hanged
Man’s suggestion. It can effectively prevent conflicts from escalating, and it
can interfere with any subsequent divination and investigations… Emlyn
gradually had an inclination.
And once a living being had an inclination, they would unknowingly seek
more reasons to affirm their choice, and Emlyn was no exception, without a
doubt. The more he thought about it, the more he was convinced that Saint
Hierländ Square met almost all the requirements.
First, Ernes wouldn’t stay in the area for too long. He would have lunch at a
restaurant with Sivellaus cuisine since he was born in Sivellaus County.
Secondly, there were several tracked carriage stops in the vicinity, making
the area filled with traffic on foot. With most of them being people from the
lower or middle class, accidents often happened.
Thirdly, with it as the origin, one would enter the area south of the Bridge if
one didn’t head to the Backlund Bridge. It would then be closeby to the
Harvest Church.
Finally, at noon, the Saint Hierländ Cathedral would spew steam, turn its
levers, and chime a clock. It was inevitable for everyone’s attention to be
attracted.
It’s confirmed… Emlyn quickly made up his mind. Raising his right hand
and adjusting his bow tie, his red eyes were filled with anticipation.
At this moment, he suddenly frowned, sensing that something wasn’t right.
Saint Hierländ Square was just perfect for the job!
It was so suitable that almost all the conditions were met!
Will Ernes be wary against my revenge? Why would he allow himself to
stay in such an environment for such long periods of time? Even if he’s
stupid enough to not realize it, wouldn’t the earls warn him? The corners of
Emlyn’s mouth curled up slightly as he understood the reason.
Saint Hierländ Square was the venue the Sanguine upper echelons had
designated “for him”!
Heh… Emlyn chuckled, keeping his mouth curled.
He decided to request Mr. Fool to have a gathering for the few members
and also invite Mr. Hanged Man to discuss the plan in detail!
This was different from the framework that they had previously decided
upon. They needed to consider every detail and consider every problem!
At fifteen minutes to twelve, St. George Borough, Saint Hierländ Square.
In a private room on the third story of a restaurant northwest of the square.
A figure stood in front of the window, holding a cup filled with scarlet
blood-like liquid. He was leisurely looking at the fountain nearby and the
crowds that came and went.
He was a lanky person, wearing a formal suit meant for banquets. His light-
colored hair that was nearly silver and his bright red eyes combined
together to give him a sense of coquettish handsomeness. There was a
constant faint smile lining his lips.
“My lord, will it really be fine? Emlyn seems to be different from before.
This can be seen from his recent hunt of the Primordial Moon believers.” A
middle-aged man in a dark suit walked to the window and said with some
hint of worry.
The man who had been politely addressed cast his gaze at the square where
Emlyn White stood. He was listening to a violinist busking on the street as
he chuckled.
“Our preparations are enough even against a demigod, much less a kid who
hasn’t even become a viscount.
“Besides, we don’t really plan on doing anything serious. Our only goal is
to identify and make confirmations. This is a lot simpler than preventing
certain people from escaping.”
As he spoke, the man with the light hair and bright red eyes raised his right
hand slightly, rotating the ring on his left ring finger.
The ring was made of silver, and embedded in it was a strange gem with a
ghostly-blue hue.
On a carriage driving towards Saint Hierländ Square, Ernes Boyar had his
right hand over his left. He naturally rotated the ring on his ring finger that
had a ghostly-blue gem embedded in it.
He casually looked out the window and saw a trackless carriage slowly
drive over from afar. A paperboy slightly taller than 160 centimeters had a
sling bag across his chest as he peddled his papers along the street. Quite a
number of bicycles had replaced the carriages that were often seen last year.
They darted through the crowds in St. George Borough.
Here, the number of workers wearing light blue or grayish-blue uniforms
with hats had far exceeded the number of people in formal suits and top
hats.
Ernes retracted his gaze as he chuckled. He had no fear about what would
happen next. He even looked forward to
it.
He believed that he had made enough preparations.
He wore Oath of Rose on his left hand. It allowed him to share what he saw,
heard, and smelled with Earl Mistral from a distance away. It made sure that
nothing would go wrong while ensuring that their objective was met.
In his inner pocket where his silver pocket watch was, there was a Moon
Paper Figurine. These could suffer a single lethal blow or an attack that
targeted his Soul Body. It ensured that he wouldn’t suffer any serious
injuries or death within a short span of time.
He also wore Alcohol Nemesis, a diamond brooch. It kept him brimming
with energy with lucidity in his thoughts. It raised his resistance against
spells that acted on the Body of Heart and Mind.
By his waist was a belt named Moonlight Sash. It could effectively reduce
Sun and Lightning damage.
These mystical items were the accumulation of Ernes’s wealth or were
bestowed by Earl Mistral. It made sure that Ernes was a “target” that could
hardly be quickly finished off or controlled.
With the Sanguine Viscount’s natural resistance against Nightmare-type
influences, Ernes was nearly without weakness. Even against a demigod, he
could put up a fight as long as the latter didn’t reveal their Mythical
Creature form.
The only problem is that the negative effects of all these mystical items are
quite excessive… Ernes’s facial muscles twitched, but he quickly composed
himself.
The Oath of Rose would make his thoughts appear in Earl Mistral’s mind
from time to time. And if he kept wearing it for a week without removing it,
the pair who had the matching rings might very well end up in love,
regardless of gender or race.
Moon Paper Figurine was an expendable item. It had nearly zero side
effects apart from making the body slightly cold.
The Alcohol Nemesis brooch’s problem was that it would deal continuous
damage to one’s liver and brain. If it was worn for excessively long periods
of time, it might result in one losing one’s thoughts and logical reasoning.
Therefore, one had to take it off for fifteen minutes after every half an hour
of equipping it.
Once Moonlight Sash was worn, it made all senses much sharper, making it
easy for one to see and hear things one shouldn’t see or hear. At the same
time, the wearer would feel itchy at intermittent intervals.
Let’s hope they don’t cower in fear and that this doesn’t drag on… Ernes
Boyar checked on his condition once again, casting his gaze of anticipation
at the Saint Hierländ Square’s entrance nearby.
On the other end of Saint Hierländ Square, Emlyn White, who was taking in
the sights of the buskers on the streets, suddenly looked up at a bird that
flew over.
Following that, he raised his hand to press down on his top hat. Bowing his
head slightly, he briskly walked to the middle of the square, approaching
the fountain.
In this process, Emlyn’s figure kept moving as he mixed into the crowd.
However, this failed to avoid Earl Mistral’s tracking.
This Sanguine Earl with silver hair rotated the ghostly-blue gem ring on his
left ring finger and coldly said, “Take note.”
At the entrance of Saint Hierländ Square, Ernes Boyar grew increasingly
pumped. He knew that the operation was about to come-finally.
Emlyn still chose Saint Hierländ Square after all… Ernes cast his gaze out
the window once more, warily watching the pedestrians on the street, the
trackless public carriages that were about to pass him, the ordinary
paperboy who was peddling his papers, and the elegant windows of the
surrounding houses and shops.
He didn’t believe that Emlyn’s potential partners were hiding in there,
because there were even more, better spots in Saint Hierländ Square that
made it conducive to take action. However, he still kept up the required
level of wariness.
Suddenly, his body lunged forward slightly as he nearly got out of his seat.
The carriage he was on had stopped without any warning!
Right on the heels of that, the horses that pulled the carriage seemed to be
in a nightmare as they raised their front hooves, struggling wildly, flipping
the carriage to the ground.
During this process, Ernes Boyar actually had ample space, time, and
strength to help the carriage driver control the berserk horse. However, he
didn’t do so, because he saw a transparent wolf-shaped specter jump over
from outside the window. It had thrown a rose within its body.
A rose!
Ernes Boyar’s eyes widened as the carriage toppled.
He hurriedly jumped to the side and out the carriage as he made an illusory
and incorporeal black chain extend out of the void. It wrapped around the
wolf-shape specter!
With a soft poof, the wolf-shaped specter dissipated without a struggle.
And when Ernes Boyar found his footing, he stood there motionless, his
eyes turbid.
He had already been pulled into a deep sleep.
In a trackless public carriage that passed him by, a black-haired, green-eyed
young man wore a thin trench coat. His back was facing the middle of the
street as he focused on reading a notebook with a green-bronze hardcover.
Around him, the other passengers were either reading the papers or
chatting. Some were looking out only to see the berserk horse quickly
recover.
With a whoosh, the black-haired, green-eyed man flipped the page of the
notebook.
The trackless carriage continued forward and gradually distanced itself.