Chapter 924

: First Key Factor at Carrying out
Risky Operations
Can’t enter… The Seven Lights can’t enter for some special reason… Is
this a restriction Calderón City has on higher-level creatures in the spirit
world? However, how does Miss Messenger know of this limitation? Has
she been there before? If that were the case, I didn’t even need to ask Red
Light or the magic mirror… Perhaps her spiritual intuition told her that? As
his mind whirred, Klein slowly and silently exhaled.
He then took out a gold coin and handed it to Reinette Tinekerr.
“I understand. Thank you for the information.”
After one of Miss Messenger’s head bit on the gold coin and retreated into
the spirit world, Klein allowed his thoughts to roam as he considered how
he could find other helpers.
Mr. Azik has entered a state of slumber. It’s unknown when he will wake
up. There’s no way to wait for him.
Will Auceptin is about to be born but is only a baby. “He” is still at a nadir.
And even if Ma’am Hermit has a way to temporarily restore “His” power
while “He” is weak, it’s impossible for “Him” to do something as trivial as
being my bodyguard. Besides, once “He” leaves Backlund or showcases his
corresponding level, there’s a very high chance that he might once again be
locked on by Angel of Fate Ouroboros.
Get the help of a demigod from the Life School of Thought through this
Snake of Fate, such as that Councilor Ricciardo? That will be difficult. The
Life School of Thought is suffering an internal divide. The Councilors have
too many things to do. Besides, they’re running all over the world with the
Die of Probability to leave traces to divert the Angel of Fate’s attention.
Queen Mystic Bernadette? I’m not too familiar with her. Besides, The Fool
has demigods and angels under “Him.” A Blessed like Gehrman Sparrow
can always find other help. Even if I claim that it’s a cooperative effort, it
will also expose quite significant problems. Sigh, on the surface, The Fool
has angels and demigods under “Him,” but the actual situation is that at the
angel and demigod’s side is The Fool who’s just photobombing them…
The Chief from the City of Silver? This is indeed something that could be
used as a price when he makes a request, but the problem is that he’s unable
to leave the Forsaken Land of the Gods. I think I should leave this
opportunity for the Bizarro Bane…
Those geezers of the Sanguine? There’s no suitable reason, and it’s very
easy for me to be exposed to Lilith. Who knows who that dead ancient
goddess who hasn’t truly perished is. If “She” is actually the Primordial
Moon in disguise, I can forget about resurrection…
Klein thought of one candidate after another, but one by one, he struck them
off the list. Finally, he couldn’t help but sigh.
When in need, friends are always in short supply!
He couldn’t help but think of setting up a ritual to attempt to pray to the
Evernight, the Crimson for strength, to seek the blessing of the Goddess,
hoping that she could directly bestow him with the true soul body and
powder of a Spirit World Plunderer, or have some archbishop, high-ranking
deacon, or secret ascetic to provide him with help.
Unfortunately, all he could do was muse over the idea without actually
carrying it out. Although Klein was rather accepting of the Evernight
Goddess and wasn’t against the identity of being an Evernight Blessed, he
still felt extremely wary. He didn’t wish to rely on a deity’s bestowment for
everything. Besides, he suspected that similar rituals wouldn’t have any
effect. This was because, with his present level and strength, he had no right
to raise conditions with a Sequence o. If the deity was willing to give, then
“She” would naturally give it to him. If “She” didn’t, praying was useless.
If I have the shamelessness of Old Neil, I might really try it. Back then, the
Goddess was willing to respond to his debt payment and resolve his
constipation. “She” dotes on her believers pretty well. Of course, there must
be certain “side effects”… Klein recalled the past as he sighed.
He decided to change his train of thought. Since he couldn’t get help from
friends, he considered making use of his enemies.
Hmm, perhaps I can bring the Black Emperor card, Tyrant card, and the
radio transceiver. I could wait at the entrance of Calderón City. As long as
King of the Five Seas Nast, High-Sequence Beyonders of the Church of
Storms, or leaders of the Rose School of Thought like Suah and the other
demigods and angels rushed over, I will immediately enter that City of the
Dead…
No, that’s too explicit. King of the Five Seas Nast and the High-Sequence
Beyonders of the Church of Storms are highly unlikely to follow me into
Calderón City. Instead, they will stay outside and wait for me to come out…
Abomination Suah might chase after me, but “He” is an angel. “He”
wouldn’t be impeded by anything in the periphery of Calderón City. I’ll
only be inviting trouble to myself…
After repeated thought, Klein finally gave up the idea of creating chaos for
his benefit. He believed that it was difficult to replicate the same situation
outside Bayam City from back then. It was even more so when he wasn’t a
High-Sequence Beyonder.
A person who treads the edge of the abyss would fall into it sooner or later!
Who else can provide me with help? Klein’s gaze swept past his two
marionettes as friend after friend flashed past his mind, including the
members of the Tarot Club.
Suddenly, he recalled something.
Miss Sharron once told me that the Tutanssess II mummy is one of the keys
to her advancement ritual and is very important to her. This also means that
she’s about to become a demigod, Sequence 4 Puppet of the Mutant
pathway…
If she succeeds, I can get her to help. We have had a good partnership.
Thankfully, I chose to help her. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have any hope today.
As Klein reeled in poignancy, he took out paper and a fountain pen. Placing
the paper on Enzo’s back, he scribbled, “It’s been a while since we last met.
I wonder how you’ve been recently…”
As he wrote, Klein suddenly stopped. He felt the opening was too off and
hypocritical.
Miss Sharron is a person who restrains herself. When she writes letters, she
goes straight to the point without saying anything unnecessary. I have to
consider her personality and be more frank… Klein thought for a few
seconds before raising the previous slip of paper. Shaking it, he made it
become engulfed in scarlet flames.
After a few seconds of deliberation, Klein wrote on a new slip of paper:
“I’ve already acquired the spirit world coordinates of Calderón City. If
you’ve already become a demigod, I wish to cooperate again to receive
some help. If not, there’s no need to force it. I can still find other friends.
“Sherlock Moriarty”
After folding the slip of paper and addressing it to “Ma’am Maryam,” Klein
took out the adventurer’s harmonica again and blew it.
Reinette Tinekerr, in her dark and complicated dress, walked out of the void
as though she had never left the vicinity, appearing right in front of him.
Klein handed her the folded slip of paper and a gold coin before seriously
exhorting her, “Send it to Backlund, Hillston, 126 Garde Street. Throw it
directly into the mailbox.”
“Alright,” one of Reinette Tinekerr’s head said while another head but on
the letter and gold coin.
Upon seeing this, Klein pressed, somewhat worried:
“You haven’t lost the previous map, right?
“Do you know which borough Hillston Borough is? Do you know where
Garde Street is?”
The three other heads which Reinette Tinekerr held replied, “No…” “I
know…” “It’s…” “Very…” “Easy to…” “Find.”
Klein immediately heaved a sigh of relief as he politely sent off Miss
Messenger.
He temporarily threw the matter of Calderón City to the back of his mind
and began disguising his marionette, Ludwell.
The next morning, a man, with brownish skin, light curly hair, and was
dressed in a formal Loen attire and a silk half top hat, entered Ttniks City
that bordered a forest with his two servants.
This was a city that mainly produced timber, rubber, and special products
from the forest. There was talk in the town that a few hair-growth research
centers and the complementing factories were established here.
Having disguised himself as a local, wealthy man, Klein quickly found a
hotel to stay in. Sitting on a reclining chair made of rattan, he observed his
handiwork once again.
Winner Enzo’s skin was not only bronze, but it was now almost completely
black. Together with his thin and soft hair, bushy brows, and dark shadowy
facial outline, matched with Balam-styled baggy, creased pants and a black-
and-white top, he looked like a typical example of a local servant that
hailed from a particular plantation manor.
Admiral Hell Ludwell’s rather resplendent clothes had become the same
style as Enzo’s. His exposed skin had clear burn marks, and his silver mask
was now dyed with a uniform iron-black color. This made it look as though
he had been disfigured due to a fire accident and that he was wearing a
mask to hide his face, lest he scared any passersby.
After having his lunch which was served to his room, Klein heard stacked
illusory prayers.
Male… Mr. Hanged Man? It’s also possible it’s Emlyn and Little Sun. The
transaction of the Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristic of the Vampire
pathway is about to begin… Klein was just about to head for the bathroom
to take four steps counterclockwise and head above the gray fog when his
spiritual perception was triggered.
He hurried activated his Spirit Vision and saw the headless Reinette
Tinekerr appear out of the spirit world which overlapped with the real world
with a letter in a head’s mouth.
Miss Sharron has replied? Klein first thanked her before receiving the letter
and tearing it open to read.
“Sorry, I will likely still need another one to two months of preparation. If
you still need my help by then, I’ll be fine with it. Sharron.”
One to two months… It’s not like I can’t wait… It’s not like I’ve digested
my Marionettist potion yet… Klein nodded indiscernibly as he got a pen
and some paper to reply simply:
“Take your own time. There’s no rush. My matter isn’t urgent. I can wait.
Sherlock Moriarty.”
After handing the letter and gold coin to Reinette Tinekerr and getting her
to send it to Backlund, Hillston Borough, 126 Garde Street, Klein suddenly
thought of a problem:
During wars, scouting is necessary. How can I be rash and so careless about
exploring a dangerous place like Calderón City?
Hmm, when Miss Sharron advances, I can head there to do some scouting
and gather some intelligence without the need to take risks. For example, I
can figure out exactly what restrictions there are; what kind of anomalies
will happen towards Death domain powers; or I can figure out whether I’m
only able to enter by a fixed entrance, or if I have any way of directly
returning above the gray fog from inside… After confirming all of this, I
can formulate a plan and make preparations… Of course, before scouting,
divination is necessary… Klein soon made up his mind and walked into the
attached bathroom.