Chapter 447

: Portrait
After another series of bombardments, the passage into the main tomb was
revealed to the members of the Machinery Hivemind.
The ground was littered with debris. The diamond-shaped Beyonder
characteristic that reflected a human face lay silently at the bottom of the
right wall, glowing with the light of two other objects.
The entire tunnel, including the two walls that lined the sides and the stone
ceiling, was filled with potholes. However, one thing remained undamaged.
It was a frame that was hung up ahead about seven meters away. It was
brown in color, and the wood grain was obvious, but only the side of the
frame was revealed.
Without anyone mentioning anything, all the Beyonders present could tell
that it was strange.
At this moment, the archbishop of the Church of Steam and Machinery,
Horamick Haydn stepped forward and said in a gentle voice, “This is likely
to be the Specter Portrait Frame that belongs to the Amon family according
to the records. As long as one walks into its range and is illuminated by it,
their Spirit Body will instantly be separated from their flesh and blood,
turning into a portrait and be forever sealed inside. In this state, even if the
portrait is replaced, there is no way of rescuing the person without the
corresponding methods.
“If the duration of being sealed is too long, the body would already be dead;
then, even if one grasps the correct method to remove the seal, the spirit
will quickly dissipate.”
As he spoke, Horamick moved forward, step by step, closing in on the
strange frame.
Klein was a bit worried, not daring to watch the demigod fight against the
Sealed Artifact, but he quickly realized that he was just watching a scene
provided by the magic mirror, Arrodes. What was there to be afraid of?
This is very normal — it’s just like watching a horror movie or playing a
dark game…Klein calmed himself as he quickened his pace and caught up
with Horamick Haydn.
The demigod archbishop quickly reached the confines of where the
mystical item that needed to be sealed was. He wore a white priest robe and
a clerical cap, and his figure gradually appeared in the glass on the surface
of the picture frame.
Glass… Glass in the Fourth Epoch? Seems to be the case. There has at
least been glass in the Fifth Epoch’s history all this time, and there has been
no mention of who invented it… Klein waited with great interest for the
“battle” between the demigod and the strange Sealed Artifact.
Horamick’s upper body fully appeared within the Specter Portrait Frame,
but his eyes didn’t lose their luster!
He walked towards the frame, face to face.
The silhouette within the painting flickered, as though it was constantly
shrinking, yet it was unable to succeed.
Horamick stopped, took out a large, almost opaque black cloth he had long
prepared, and he covered the Specter Portrait Frame.
The frame trembled a few times, but in the end, it was completely covered
by the black cloth and turned silent.
Horamick seemed to be unaffected as he effortlessly removed the Specter
Portrait Frame and finished wrapping it with the black cloth before tying a
knot on its back.
This… This isn’t mystic… Didn’t you say that your Spirit Body would be
absorbed into the frame and be turned into a portrait? Why is the
archbishop fine… Is this the uniqueness of a demigod, or is it because of
another reason? Klein sized up Horamick Haydn, but he didn’t notice
anything out of the ordinary.
His eyes are filled with spirit, his expression genial, and he’s rich in flesh
and blood… It’s a pity that I’m not there in person. Otherwise, I could
activate my Spirit Vision and have a look… Klein retracted his gaze and
waited for the Machinery Hivemind members, such as Ikanser, to come
over.
Horamick handed the Specter Portrait Frame to a member of the team and
walked towards the main tomb at the end of the passage.
There was a black stone door filled with scrapes carved by blades and axes.
In the middle of the door was a grayish-white disc.
The surface of the disk was divided into twelve segments. There was a
black needle, just like a clock from the outside world.
However, the segments weren’t evenly distributed across the disc. They
were of varying sizes and extremely incongruous. Furthermore, each grid
had half of its surface covered in a shadow.
“The coat of arms of the Amon family.” Archbishop Horamick made a brief
introduction.
He didn’t explain the symbolic meaning of the coat of arms, because
presently only Deacon Ikanser Bernard was qualified to know.
Klein, on the other hand, relied on his own knowledge of mysticism to
attempt to decipher it.
Disc, twelve segments, and a needle. Combined together, they clearly
represent time. It matches the Worm of Time which Amon’s avatar left
behind after it was wiped out. What should be twelve equal segments on a
disc, are unequal in size, and there’s a shadow over a portion of it. Does
this mean that the Amon family is the dark side of time? Then, where does
their title as a Blasphemer family show itself?
While Klein was thinking, Archbishop Horamick pushed open the stone
door without any protection.
The heavy stone door opened, revealing an extremely spacious tomb
chamber.
In the center of the chamber was a dais with a deep-black coffin on top of it.
The surrounding walls were decorated with iron lampstands, each holding a
burning white candle.
All the candles didn’t flicker. It was so quiet that it seemed like a scene that
was fixed in place, completely devoid of any signs of it suffering the effects
of time that spanned one to two thousand years.
On the straight path from the stone door to the coffin, there were corpses
lying on the ground. They were all wearing black tweed coats, half top hats,
or even ordinary worker clothes with a cap on their heads. It was obvious
that they had entered in recent years.
The Beyonders that previously recruited helpers? How did they get past the
area at the front? The Human-skinned Shadow and the other monsters were
clearly still alive… With a mind filled with questions, Klein looked at the
corpses.
What he saw left him immediately shocked.
The corpses all had sparse white hair, dry and wrinkled skin, and obvious
markings on their skin. They looked like eighty- or ninety-year-olds.
There were no obvious wounds on their bodies as though they had died of
old age. Furthermore, it appeared as though they had died recently and
hadn’t even rotted yet.
It’s very obvious that there wouldn’t be this many aged Beyonders exploring
the tomb. Even if the discoverers of the tomb were old, they would still try
their best to choose the young and strong when recruiting helpers… There’s
something odd about it! Klein frowned and looked around again.
He quickly thought of the Worm of Time left behind by Amon’s avatar, and
the coat of arms of the Amon family that represented time on the stone door.
Making people age rapidly is one of the Amon family’s Beyonder powers?
The dark side of time… The loophole in time… Could it be that as others
rapidly age, the members of the Amon family would regain their youth and
extend their lives? Wait a minute, for these Beyonders to easily barge into
this place like that, perhaps it was deliberate on the tomb master’s part. He
wanted to rob them of their time in order to maintain his own existence…
Klein looked suspiciously at the black coffin on the platform.
At this moment, the demigod, Horamick Haydn, raised his left hand and
pressed it down.
“You will stop here.”
“Yes, Your Grace,” Ikanser and company answered without any hesitation.
As members of an official organization, they had read up on a large number
of past Beyonder events. They knew that under similar circumstances, they
had to obey the will of a High-Sequence Beyonder and absolutely couldn’t
act rashly or else they would die without knowing how.
Horamick looked ahead, and his eyes fell on a picture frame that hung
upside down at the bottom of the dais.
His expression didn’t change as he continued to walk forward at a leisurely
pace.
Not making any preparations at all? The hallmark of demigods is to be
“rash?” Klein was stunned.
He seemed to be able to imagine Horamick’s teeth dropping, his white hair
wilting, and his skin shriveling as he rapidly aged.
One step, two steps, three steps… Horamick, who seemed fine, suddenly
trembled, and a sharp and piercing grinding sound could be heard from his
body.
His pace began to slow down, his movements became stiff, and his skin
visibly dried up.
There’s something wrong with that… That isn’t the aging process of a
normal human being… What was that grinding sound just now? Klein
muttered inwardly.
Four steps, five steps, six steps. Ripping sounds came from Horamick’s
body as something fell to the ground.
Klein subconsciously looked over and saw a gear.
A gear covered in rust!
Horamick continued on as items kept dropping from his body from time to
time. There were rusty screws, melted wax, yellowed bones, and loose
springs… His figure became increasingly thin and unsteady, as if it could
collapse at any time.
This is just like a robot… Well, in this era’s terms, “like a living doll”…
Klein was suddenly enlightened.
He remembered that before Old Neil died, he had said that the Church of
Earth Mother’s Sequence 4 was good at Alchemical Life, and that the
Savant pathway’s corresponding Sequence was barely able to do so too.
As for Horamick, he was a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Savant
pathway!
The Horamick in front of me isn’t the real him, it’s just a refined doll. Just
now, the reason why the Specter Portrait Frame was ineffective was that a
doll doesn’t have a Spirit Body! The real Horamick should still be far
away… As expected of a demigod…Amidst Klein’s enlightenment, the
archbishop walked up to the dais, bent his knees and back, and turned the
upside-down frame over.
Generally speaking, when exploring a tomb involving Beyonder elements,
it was necessary to avoid flipping items over, but this time, Horamick had
made the opposite choice.
Following the flipping of the portrait frame, a wind suddenly blew in the
sealed tomb, dispersing the formless imprisonment and silence.
The candles on the iron-colored light fixtures rapidly ignited, becoming
unusually bright. However, they soon reached the end of their lives and
melted away.
The old corpses on the ground rapidly rotted and stank.
In just a few seconds, the tomb’s main chamber had turned dark, leaving
only the lanterns that the Machinery Hivemind members were holding onto
to barely illuminate the area ahead.
Horamick picked up the picture frame from the floor and went up the stairs
to the dais.
He came to the black coffin, stretched out his right palm, and forcefully
pushed.
Creak. The heavy coffin lid opened up a crack with a creaking sound, as
though it wasn’t nailed shut at all.
Horamick looked down and said in the same unchanging voice, “There’s no
corpse.”
As the scene drew nearer, Klein saw that the coffin’s interior was empty
except for a pale gold cushion embroidered with a worm with twelve rings.
At that moment, Horamick turned around and the picture frame in his hand
was reflected in the eyes of Ikanser and the others.
With just a glance, Klein’s gaze suddenly froze.
It was a portrait of a smiling young man.
He had black eyes and black curly black hair.
He had a broad forehead and a thin face.
A crystal monocle hung over his eye.
He wore a black pointed hat.
Amon!