Chapter 568

: Subsidiary “Gods”
In the information provided by The Sun, there were detailed examples of
some typical subsidiary gods, but most of the information didn’t provide
their true names, only their titles. These included the God of Beauty and the
Goddess of Life who were subsidiaries to Vampire Ancestor, Lilith; the
Goddess of Misfortune and the God of the Dead who were subsidiaries to
Annihilation Demonic Wolf, Flegrea; the God of Luck and the Queen of
Calamity who were subsidiaries to Elf King, Soniathrym, and so on and so
forth.
Queen of Calamity… Klein suddenly thought of the Book of Calamity and
the golden wine cup he had taken from the ruins of the high elf. The name
Cohinem and the word “Calamity” was engraved on it in Elvish.
This caused him to make the connection that Cohinem was the Elf King’s
subsidiary—Queen of Calamity!
Unfortunately, I can’t directly seek confirmation with Little Sun. I’ll have to
wait for further information from him… Klein sighed silently.
At the same time, he made some theories about the fact that these titles
didn’t correspond with their true names.
The City of Silver was originally the Kingdom of Silver that came under the
Giant King’s Court’s rule. Other than having sufficient understanding of its
own forces and enemies, the information regarding the other ancient gods
will only come from legends and rumors, and they aren’t that detailed.
Compared to the simple and easy to understand titles, a god’s true name can
consist of complicated and difficult words to remember which can make it
harder for them to be spread.
The information provided to Klein when he turned over the page confirmed
his theory. However, it gave him new doubts.
The dragons also had a Dragon of Wisdom which was the equivalent of a
god in the City of Silver, called Herabergen, and under Giant King Aurmir,
there was also “His” eldest son, the God of Dawn, Badheilbrunn, and “His”
queen, the Goddess of Harvest.
Why doesn’t the Goddess of Harvest have a real name? Isn’t “She” the
queen of the Giant King’s Court? The City of Silver should have records of
it… These so-called subsidiary gods are equal to the angels or King of
Angels of later times? Yes, the Sequence 2 of their pathway, and Sequence
1’s of the other pathways? Klein suppressed his perplexion and inferred the
truth from the information recorded in the Card of Blasphemy—within the
same pathway, if there was a Sequence 0, then there wouldn’t be a
Sequence 1, and if there was no Sequence 0, then there would be at most
three Sequence 1’s.
However, Klein didn’t dare to base his judgment on this. After all, his
knowledge was partial, and he didn’t even know if there were any
preconditions for the Sequence 0 and Sequence 1, which was derived from
the Law of Beyonder Characteristics Conservation and Indestructibility.
I’ll assume this for the time being… Klein leaned back, letting the
information in his hands disappear, smiling as he said, “You may begin.”
At this point, Alger was still seriously examining himself.
After considering how to communicate properly, he used the technique of
being in the other person’s shoes. He started from the point of view of The
Hermit, who was suspected of being Admiral of Stars, to see what exactly
he had exposed.
Mr. Fool’s protects every member’s true identity with a blurred and
distorted image, but this method doesn’t affect the representation of colors.
Dark brown colors can be difficult to distinguish, but bright colors are
easily grasped. At the very least, I can tell that Miss Justice is blonde with
bright green eyes…
And for me, the most obvious thing I can’t hide is my dark blue hair. But
this doesn’t say anything. It’s not a problem to say that dark blue hair is a
common mutation in Beyonders within the Sailor pathway, but the converse
isn’t true. This is because such traits are hereditary. On Sonia Island and in
the Berserk Sea around Desi Bay, they were places where elves originally
gathered. Many humans with traces of elvish blood will also have dark blue
hair. Heh, it’s the same for districts where there are a certain number of
Church of Storms Beyonders…
Ignoring any other trait, it’s difficult for The Hermit to determine any
further information based on the situation.
Just as Alger heaved a sigh of relief, he caught sight of the Storm robe he
was wearing.
After returning to the Blue Avenger, not only was he the captain of the ship,
but he was also the bishop of the sailors. He often needed to wear the
corresponding clothes to celebrate Mass.
If he didn’t show his devotion in his daily actions, there might come a day
when he would be reported by his subordinates.
The Church of Storms has always been wary of those members who had
been drifting out at sea for a long time, as prolonged acting as pirates might
one day turn them into real pirates. In any case, the Lord of Storms has
never given a revelation to exclude pirates from “His” followers.
Under the cover of that blurred distortion, it’s hard to see the details of
one’s clothing clearly. This isn’t a problem… However, I still have to pay
attention in the future. During Tarot Gatherings, I should change into a set
of ordinary clothes… Although I can’t be sure, I still have to treat her as a
pirate admiral. I can’t afford to be careless… Alger thought cautiously.
At this moment, he heard the seemingly suppressed voice of The Moon
Emlyn, which was a result of him being unable to hide his emotions.
“Mr. Hanged Man, I’ve done the preparations. When can you obtain the
inheritance of that Sanguine baron? You mentioned before that it’s in the
hands of some powerful pirate?”
You didn’t have to say the last sentence… Alger’s body instantly stiffened.
Powerful pirate… The Hermit’s eyes swept over The Hanged Man once
again.
Alger’s expression didn’t change as he turned his head to The Moon and
asked, “Have you obtained the funds?”
“Of course!” Emlyn raised his neck.
He originally wanted to wait until the three-month maturity was up before
he went to the bank to withdraw the money, but he soon discovered that he
was in a completely different mood after deciding to buy the Sanguine
baron’s inheritance.
He no longer had any qualms or hesitation. He was filled with expectation
and desire, wishing that he could get his hands on it immediately. It was just
like how he felt in the past when he was about to buy a beloved doll!
He had held back for more than a week before finally giving up by selling
the acceptance draft. Although he had lost some money, it was still
acceptable.
In many situations, an acceptance draft could be used as a currency.
“I’ll get it for you within the week. Finally, let’s confirm the price: 4,500
pounds. Is that alright?” Seeing that a deal was about to be struck, Alger
didn’t pursue The Moon’s act of exposing him.
Emlyn thought about the dolls in his room, cleared his throat, and said with
his eyes furtively darting around.
“Can it be cheaper?”
“It’s not up to me to decide, but I can try to acquire it for you at a lower
price. Also, don’t forget my commission. Let’s lower it. How about 300
pounds?” Alger’s tone didn’t change at all.
“Alright.” Emlyn exhaled quietly.
Not a very powerful vampire, an underaged or a recently matured one…
Cattleya silently watched from the sidelines and made her judgment.
Seeing that the deal between Mr. Hanged Man and Mr. Moon had been
concluded in a few sentences, Audrey habitually felt that she should buy
something.
In a week or two, I’ll contact the members of the Psychology Alchemists in
East Chester County and tell them that I’ve become a Psychology
Alchemists member. I’ll exchange my contribution points for the
subsequent potion formula. There’s no need to make a request to purchase it
here for the time being… Once I find out what ingredients are needed, I can
ask for everyone’s help… There’s no need to buy any mystical items for
now. I’ve already had one of them reimbursed… Being able to obtain such
rare items with too great a frequency might imply many problems…
Audrey’s thoughts raced, and she came up with an idea.
She turned halfway and looked at the gloomy man at the end of the table.
“Mr. World, you mentioned that you have clues to the characteristic left
behind by a Psychiatrist. Have you successfully acquired it?”
I plan on buying it for Susie… she silently added in her heart.
In fact, when she was considering this matter, she had another slightly
mischievous idea, which was to find an excuse for Mr. Fool to turn over the
Dark Emperor card which sat beside him.
From her point of view, Ma’am Hermit was particularly affected by the
matter regarding Roselle’s diary. And from how her reaction was
extraordinarily excessive before she quickly hid it, it was quite possible that
she knew about the Cards of Blasphemy; therefore, the moment she saw it,
she would expose a lot of problems and express the truest thoughts in her
heart.
But she dismissed the idea in the end, not because she thought it would be
bad to sound out Ma’am Hermit, but that this was a way of showing
responsibility to both herself and the Tarot Club, and that she shouldn’t
make decisions for Mr. Fool.
If “He” wanted Ma’am Hermit to recognize the Card of Blasphemy, “He”
definitely would’ve flipped it open himself. If “He” didn’t want to do so,
then any attempts would be against his will… Audrey nodded solemnly but
almost imperceptibly.
At this moment, The World replied hoarsely, “If you’re certain that you
want it, then I will give it to you as soon as possible.
“The price is 1,800 pounds.”
Normally, it would be more appropriate to charge 1,200 to 1,500 pounds for
a Psychiatrist’s Beyonder characteristic, but Klein had raised the premium
slightly to see how much Miss Justice could pay.
“Alright,” Audrey agreed with a light tone.
She had paid off the money owed to Viscount Glaint. She had received
many gifts for having reached adulthood after returning to her family’s fief.
It was a time when her finances were in a rather good condition. She had
even arranged for the money to be returned to Mr. Fool’s Blessed next
month.
In the future, her monthly income would be above 3,000 pounds, and a
substantial portion of her normal expenses wasn’t going to be borne by her,
due to the love of her parents and the results of her previous meritorious
exploits.
While the two were discussing, The Hanged Man was somewhat surprised.
The World had just sold the Faceless Beyonder characteristic the previous
time, and he had recently acquired Steel Maveti’s Beyonder characteristic.
Yet, he appeared to have a Psychiatrist characteristic in his collection, and
all of this happened in less than a month!
On second thought, Alger quickly came to an understanding.
The World represented a group of Blessed of Mr. Fool. That might be the
harvest from the other Blessed!
As he imagined this, The World, who was Klein, was in a state of shock
towards Miss Justice’s opulence.
He had thought that Miss Justice, who had just spent 5,500 pounds on a
mystical item, wouldn’t be as well-off as before. It was just like last year, so
he had reserved space for her to haggle. Who knew that she would still
agree to the deal without hesitation.
Has she dug up a gold mine? Klein couldn’t help but silently lampoon.
Seeing that they had finished their discussion, Derrick hurriedly raised his
hand, having learned from Miss Justice.
“Which one of you has the fruit of the Radiance Spirit Pact Tree?”
He had rather successfully collected the other ingredients of the Solar High
Priest potion.
Just as Cattleya had initially figured out that Miss Justice was a yet-to-
advance Psychiatrist, she heard this request. After a few seconds of silence,
she said, “I do.
“What can you provide in exchange?”
After observing for a long time, she decided to intervene in a small
transaction to gain a deeper understanding of how the Tarot Club operated.
“Uh… I can use the history of the City of Silver or the history of dragons,
elves, and other dark creatures to barter,” Derrick said sincerely. “Ma’am
Hermit, this is a list of commonly seen monsters around the City of Silver.
You can choose any ingredients you need from it.”
How honest… Klein almost looked up at the dome of the magnificent
palace.
What is he talking about… Cattleya frowned slightly, momentarily failing
to understand a single word from The Sun.