Chapter 1292

Entering Bayam For the First Time
After the huge ship belonging to the Resistance docked, all of the City of
Silver citizens changed into round-neck shirts, brown jackets, pantaloons,
and dark-colored caps before following Oracle Danitz down the ship. They
prepared to pass through the dock to enter the City of Generosity Bayam.
Those clothes had been prepared beforehand.
“It’s really uncomfortable wearing this. It’s not suitable for battle…” As he
walked, Liaval moved his limbs and whispered to Elder Derrick.
Derrick nodded slightly and said, “But it’s better to hide ourselves and not
be too eye-catching. We don’t want to become the focus of attention.”
Derrick’s analysis wasn’t a problem at all. After all, they were outsiders and
they only numbered twenty-one people. It was best if they didn’t attract the
attention of others, but he seemed to have forgotten a crucial detail.
“B-but, they’re all looking at us…” Candice quickly surveyed the area and
whispered.
The workers who were dressed crudely or half-naked at the pier all looked
over at the tourists who wore all kinds of getups.
“They’re tall…” A Bayam resident with bronze skin and slightly curly hair
could not help but sigh.
His height was only around 160. This was the height of all the male
commoners in the current colonial era. As for the people of the City of
Silver, other than Derrick, who was only slightly over two meters tall, the
rest were on average above 2.3 meters. The tallest of them exceeded 2.5
meters.
To have such half-giants walk through the docks amidst the crowd was
equally eye-catching no matter what they wore.
“Feysacians?” A Loenese in a top hat and formal suit turned his head to
gossip with his companion. “Has the slave trade begun again?”
He believed that the City of Silver entourage were Feysacian slaves that the
Rorsted government had bought from the Loen Kingdom. After all, in this
world, the only ones he could think of who had such heights in such
numbers were the barbarians who claimed to be descendants of giants.
His partner shook his head and frowned.
“It doesn’t seem like the case. Most Feysacians have light-blue eyes.
Furthermore, even if they are Feysacian, few of them exceed two meters in
height. Un-unless these are nobles or high-ranking prisoners of war…”
Although Feysac didn’t have a clear rule, in all kinds of industries,
especially in the military, there was a phenomenon that one’s height
determined one’s status. Of course, this wasn’t the only condition. It was
also a combination of family background, nobility, and ranks.
Due to such “traditions,” the descendants of Feysacian royalty and the
military brass were generally taller than two meters.
This was actually a superficial phenomenon that, at its essence, was an
influence of their Beyonder characteristics.
Those who became one of the brass of the Feysac military were either
nobles or at least Sequence 5. And for the latter, due to the repeated
influence of the Giant pathway’s potions, their height would definitely
reach the “standard” height. Those who chose the Red Priest pathway
would also have a certain increase in height. However, the signs weren’t as
obvious in their early stages as those from the Giant pathway, and the total
increase in height was only a few centimeters. They had to become a
demigod to experience a qualitative change.
For noble descendants, their ancestors were more or less “giants,” or had
marital alliances with “giants.” Regardless of whether they inherited the
Beyonder characteristics, the corresponding genes accumulated over
generations would definitely allow their normal height to exceed two
meters.
Among them, families who were still in control of a portion of the Giant
pathway’s potion formulas, and those who had a certain heritage, tend to be
in the same situation as the residents of the City of Silver.
The royal family in charge of the Red Priest pathway maintained the heights
of their descendants through marital alliances.
The residents of the City of Silver, who were being scrutinized by
numerous gazes, felt increasingly uneasy. It was as if they had returned to
the cursed land where they were being watched by monsters as they walked
in the dark.
Derrick was very calm and composed. He looked around and said to the
members of the reconnaissance team, “They don’t have any ill intentions.”
After confirming that Mr. Hanged Man was in this city and how he knew
that he had arrived, Derrick no longer felt isolated and helpless.
It wasn’t that he didn’t trust the messenger that Mr. Fool had appointed, but
that he believed that he didn’t want to trouble a god as much as possible in
his daily life. The best thing to do was resolve problems himself.
And when it came to dealing with his own problems, Derrick was
ultimately unfamiliar with the outside world, so he wasn’t too confident. At
this moment, to have an experienced, trustable, extremely intelligent
“native” with a meticulous mind help him would definitely be the best
option.
Of course, Derrick also knew that Mr. Hanged Man wouldn’t make any
contact with him on the surface because he belonged to another faction. He
wasn’t a believer of Sea God, so if he acted too warmly over matters
regarding the City of Silver, he was bound to be suspected.
However, there will always be a proper reason and suitable opportunities to
meet… Derrick thought in anticipation.
Amidst his thoughts, he and the members of the City of Silver’s
reconnaissance team followed Danitz out of the dock and arrived on the
streets.
Their vision suddenly broadened as they saw more people than before and
heard all sorts of voices.
To the people of the City of Silver, this was even more lively than the
grandest “harvest” in their hometown. At a glance, there were countless
people dressed in strange clothes with all kinds of unique characteristics.
Some were in a hurry, others were strolling leisurely, and some were
carrying large pieces of fruit. They used pipes to suck in the liquid, or held
food that looked like the delicious pies on the ship, occasionally taking a
bite.
Apart from these, horse-like creatures that pulled carriages producing
tinkling sounds, the metallic objects that moved extremely fast, and the
smell of the various spices that filled the streets made people of the City of
Silver feel like they had come to another world.
And to them, this was indeed another world.
Even though they were a little fearful and uneasy, and were not too used to
such a scene, everyone could clearly feel the vibrancy of this scene.
This was like the sunlight in one’s soul, reflecting the sun in the sky.
This is the place where we will live, battle, and reproduce in the future?
Derrick, Liaval, Candice, and the others subconsciously had similar
thoughts. They felt a little uneasy but didn’t reject any of it.
Danitz looked at their faces which had been stunned silly by Bayam’s
bustling scene in satisfaction as he inwardly muttered, This is only Bayam.
If you were to go to Trier and Backlund, are you going to kneel down and
kiss the ground?
This world-famous pirate controlled his urge to mock them, as he was now
Mr. Fool’s messenger. He couldn’t ruin the image of a deity.
After leading the City of Silver people to a rather luxurious hotel, Danitz
gestured for the crew to handle the check-in as he spoke in fluent Jotun to
his guests:
“It’s getting dark. We’ll stay here for one night and leave the city tomorrow.
“The place where you will build your city has been arranged. It’s on the
other side of the forest. There’s a natural harbor and a few roads that lead to
Bayam. Heh, roads to this city. After that, we’ll expand the main road and
build a railway that leads to your city.”
Railway… Derrick, who had studied during the Tarot Gathering, knew what
it meant. He nodded gratefully and inwardly praised Mr. Fool once again.
Danitz continued,
“We’ve already helped you level the area, and left the space needed for
some basic facilities such as water pipes and gas pipes. When you begin
building houses, we’ll send a team over to help with the matters.
“Also, the corresponding construction materials and temporary tents have
been prepared for you. Thank Mr. Fool. Uh, there’s also the help of the
Church of the Lord of Storms in this matter. Otherwise, we wouldn’t have
been able to purchase so much material. However, they mainly did so to
earn additional funds.”
The Rorsted new government hadn’t been established for long, and its
connections with the outside world weren’t comprehensive enough. What
they didn’t expect was that the Church of the Lord of Storms had taken the
initiative to provide help on the City of Silver’s matter.
Water pipes… Gas pipes… Derrick gradually couldn’t understand what was
being said, but he still put on a pensive expression.
There were a few times when Danitz nearly said the word “dogsh*t” in
passing. Without speaking another word, he introduced the hotel:
“This is a hotel that Feysacians like to live in at Bayam the most. The
ceiling might be a little too low for you, but it won’t be low enough to hit
your heads.”
With that said, Danitz smiled.
“At the end of this street is Red Theater…”
He revealed a smile that all men understood.
However, the people of the City of Silver didn’t understand.
Seriously, the Emperor said that the most ancient human occupation is the
selling of their bodies. They actually don’t know what I’m talking about…
The corners of Danitz’s mouth twitched as he gave up on the topic.
After his second and third mates were done with the check-in, he led the
entourage up to the second floor and assigned them their rooms.
After doing this, he took out a stack of cards that he had long written, and
he distributed them to the members of the City of Silver, who were scouting
the area.
“Every card has a few words in the local language and the corresponding
word in Jotun. If you need any services or food, you can ring the bell here.
When the attendant comes over, show him the card. Of course, they might
not be able to understand it, but they will definitely seek help from people
who understand it.”
This was a simple and easy method to understand. The people of the City of
Silver easily grasped how to use the cards, secretly excited that they could
finally communicate with the people here.
Following that, Danitz demonstrated how to switch on the water and how to
use the toilet, and how to light up the gas wall lamps. It made Derrick,
Liaval, and Candice feel like they had arrived at a divine kingdom.
All it took to have water flow was to press a switch. A button was enough to
wash away their excrement without leaving any stains. There was a lantern
that kept emitting light once it was ignited. These were all things that they
didn’t dare to imagine in the past.
And these things would become part of their new lives.
By the time the City of Silver’s members had gotten used to the hotel, the
sky had completely darkened. Night had begun to rule the city.
Although Derrick and company had long confirmed that there was no
danger of monsters attacking in the dark in the outside world, they were still
instinctively afraid. Therefore, they would either emit light themselves or
light up the gas wall lamps.
At that moment, they saw gas lamps lighting up one after another on the
streets, the houses—both near and far—outside the glass windows. These
lights dispersed the darkness in their respective areas.
In the eyes of the people of the City of Silver, the bright and dim lights
were like the galaxy landing on the ground at night.