Chapter 1359

: Early Morning
Klein watched as scarlet flames suddenly appeared and engulfed him.
When the sparks scattered, his figure had already vanished from Saint
Samuel Cathedral.
In an ordinary inn’s empty room, Klein walked out of the sudden rising
flames and began setting up a bestowment ritual.
Soon, the mysterious door formed by candlelight opened. An ancient
accessory flew out from the endless darkness and landed on the altar.
This accessory seemed to be made out of gold. It looked like a slender bird,
surrounded by a pair of wings formed by white flames. The bronze eyes
shimmered with layers of light as though there were illusory doors hidden
within.
Klein sincerely thanked the Evernight Goddess, ended the ritual, and picked
up the golden bird-shaped accessory.
This seems to be the image of the legendary Phoenix Ancestor Gregrace…
Beyond this ancient Death’s own pathway, “She” had apparently grasped
partial authority of the Apprentice pathway. This is a preliminary
conclusion from the city ruins in the Forsaken Land of the Gods that
believed in the Phoenix…
It’s no wonder most ancient gods find it difficult to control their emotions.
They were on the edge of madness. No, they were constantly teetering
between madness and rationality… Before the first Blasphemy Slate
appeared, none of the Beyonder creatures had the concept of a Sequence
pathway. They only had the concept of convergence, reproduction, and
blind attempts… As Klein carefully examined the golden bird-shaped
accessory, he sighed inwardly.
As the owner of Sefirah Castle, he could sense that there was a subtle
connection between the accessory and the River of Eternal Darkness.
So it can contain the river water of the River of Eternal Darkness? Yes, the
river water of the River of Eternal Darkness is definitely not river water in
the true sense of the phrase, but an abstract concept or symbol. Klein
nodded in thought and threw the golden bird-shaped accessory into Sefirah
Castle, sealing it in the junk pile to prevent any unnecessary accidents.
…
On a mountain peak outside Bayam City.
The Red Angel evil spirit watched as the edge of the sea gradually lit up as
an orange sun slowly left the horizon.
At some point in time, a young man wearing a pointed hat and a classic
black robe appeared beside “Him.”
The man played with a crystal monocle and wore it on “His” right eye. It
was Amon, who had become Mr. Error.
Sauron Einhorn Medici turned “His” head and glanced at Amon.
“The sacrifice you provided was actually the original body.”
“If it wasn’t my true body, how could I have the time to steal the ritual and
replace Bethel?” Amon replied with a smile. “As a qualified Conspirer, you
shouldn’t have not thought of this.”
The Red Angel evil spirit scoffed.
“How would I know that you weren’t trying to trick me? Perhaps you’d
predicted my prediction?”
Amon smiled and didn’t answer directly. Instead, “He” took out a strange
crown covered in rust and blood.
“This is your reward.” “He” threw the item to Sauron Einhorn Medici.
After the Red Angel evil spirit caught the strange crown, “He” was
somewhat surprised.
“Wow, you actually didn’t try to go back on your word.”
“Doing something that doesn’t match your expectations is also a form of
deception.” Amon pinched the monocle on “His” right eye and said with a
smile, “I’m looking forward to you becoming the Red Priest and devouring
that Demoness. When that happens, your image will definitely be extremely
interesting.”
As Amon said this, “His” smile carried an unconcealable sense of warped
humor.
Sauron Einhorn Medici fell silent for a moment before saying, “I don’t
think it will be very different from how I am now.”
Two bloody mouths opened on both sides of “His” face before quickly
closing.
Amon adjusted the monocle on “His” right eye and looked to the other side
of the sea.
“The situation in the Western Continent seems interesting.”
With that said, the present Mr. Error, the former Angel of Time turned into
light and dissipated.
The Red Angel evil spirit looked in the direction of where Amon was
looking at and tossed the strange crown in “His” hand.
On both sides of “His” face, the bloody mouths appeared once again as
“They” said, “After absorbing this Beyonder characteristic, you’d better
stay away from Bansy.”
“If you wish to grow breasts and have your body swell up, you can continue
staying there.”
Medici curled “His” lips and said, “Isn’t this something you both wish for?”
…
Facing the altar filled with materials and artifacts, Klein raised his right
hand and snapped his fingers.
The table in front of him instantly became empty and clean. All the junk
had been split up in categories and returned to their original location.
This was a Miracle that stemmed from one of Klein’s accumulated wishes.
Compared to the past Miracle Invokers and Attendants of Mysteries, the
“Miracles” I can create can be described as quite varied. It’s very practical,
including but not limited to building houses, interior design, garbage
classification, and environment protection… Klein looked at the cleared
and laughed self-deprecatingly.
He then opened the door and left.
He wanted to return to the real world and return to human society to
strengthen his humanity and stabilize his mental state. His problem now
was relatively problematic. If he directly sought Miss Justice’s treatment
before first suppressing the awakening will of the Celestial Worthy of
Heaven and Earth for Blessings, he would only contaminate her and allow
his psychiatrist to suffer mental illnesses. Of course, if Miss Justice had
reached Sequence 2, the effects wouldn’t be too great.
The current Backlund had been rebuilt, and the number of pedestrians
coming and going had returned to their previous peak. Just as Klein pushed
open the inn’s door, he heard all sorts of voices.
“Wait! Wait!”
“Fresh fish from Pritz Harbor. It has plenty of meat and little bones. It’s
great for frying!”
“Special ginger beer matched with muffins and potato wedges!”
“Hot and fresh oyster soup!”
“The freshest vegetables!”
…
Most of the noise came from the street vendors, and some came from a
small number of passengers who were chasing the public carriage or
pedestrians who were knocked down by people in a rush. The early
morning rush painted such a noisy, sonorous, and chaotic scene.
Klein listened to these unfamiliar yet familiar shouts and silently looked at
the scene in front of him. He didn’t move for a few minutes.
Only when a thief came close did he put his hands into the black coat’s
pockets and walk towards the nearest coffee shop.
“A cup of good coffee, a set of mutton stewed with peas, and a piece of
oatmeal bread,” Klein said to the affordable coffee shop’s owner.
“A total of 11 pence,” the boss said after a mental calculation.
Then he added, “The price of everything is rising now.”
Klein didn’t say anything. He took out a one-soli note from the junk pile in
Sefirah Castle and handed it to the boss.
He then found a seat by the window which wasn’t very greasy. He took out
a few pieces of tissue to line the table.
Following that, Klein placed a piece of letter paper on top of it and took out
a dark red fountain pen.
After watching the morning scenery and pedestrians, he finally wrote:
“Dear Mr. Azik,
“I haven’t written to you for another month, because I had no choice but to
sleep for some time. This isn’t because I’m hurt, but because the ritual
requires it.
“When I woke up and walked into human society again, on the streets, it
suddenly reminded me of the life I had when I was in Tingen.
“At that time, it was always very noisy in the morning. A large number of
citizens would leave their homes, rushing to the factories or companies. The
mobile peddlers gathered on the street and peddled their vegetables, food,
and fruits of questionable quality. They were always cheap.
“I would always protect my wallet and carefully squeeze through them
before heading to the station and wait for the public carriage with many
people.
“I worked at the Blackthorn Security Company at 36 Zouteland Street, and
had a group of good colleagues.
“Dunn Smith was the Captain, the supervisor there. He was an experienced,
kind, and responsible Beyonder. He had a mild personality and was
experienced in his job. He also cared for all the members in the team, and
his only flaw was his bad memory. For matters which weren’t too
important, he might forget about it the moment he turned around. He often
said ‘hold on, there’s still another thing.’ Of course, there was a reason why:
he had lost too many companions. He hoped that they would all stay in his
dreams, so he often became lost as to which matter was reality and which
belonged to dreams.
“Old Neil was my first mysticism teacher. The most useful skill he taught
me was expense claims. He always designed strange ritualistic magic,
hoping to obtain help from the Goddess. Some of it succeeded, while others
produced ridiculous accidents. Until today, I can still recall them. He was a
very kind person. Even when he was seeking to fulfill his everlasting
dream, he didn’t wish to harm others.
“Leonard is a poet with his own secrets. At first, I thought he was very
mysterious, and a hidden expert that needed attention to be placed on. Later,
I realized that he was a crude, simple, impulsive, rebellious, aloof, and rude
young man. Furthermore, he really doesn’t have any literary talent, so he
could only rely on memorizing things to complete the acting requirement.
Yes, he barely has some merits. He’s considered rather brave, and he has
sharp intuition and terrifying reasoning abilities in certain matters.
However, this is limited to certain matters.
“Frye was a cold-looking Beyonder who no one dared to approach. But in
fact, he has a sense of responsibility and a warm heart. He would always
extend his hand when others needed help.
“Kenley was very short. He used to be a civilian staff member, and he then
took the initiative to apply to become an official member. He was quite
smart, but he would never decline a case. Every time he played cards, he
would talk about his fiancée.
“Rozanne is the receptionist at the Blackthorn Security Company. She’s
lively and lazy, and she’s loved by everyone. To us, she’s like a younger
sister. She also likes every single one of us, but she also hates all the official
members because her father was once an official Beyonder who later died
in the course of duty. Perhaps, in her heart, official members were
equivalent to people who received a notice that they were infected with a
critical illness.
“Mrs. Orianna is an accountant, a victim of a supernatural case. She’s
delicate and gentle, and she pursues an exquisite life. She usually doesn’t
speak much, but she takes good care of everyone and doesn’t make things
difficult for us regarding finances. For example, she rarely rejects Old
Neil’s expense claims—no matter how ridiculous the reason was. She
would only leave it to the Captain to make a decision.
“Ma’am Seeka Tron has rare natural white hair, and she’s an unsuccessful
author. She has an outstanding temperament and a quiet personality. She
doesn’t seem like a Beyonder who fights at night. She’s also very brave and
very firm. Even when facing death, she doesn’t flinch.
“Ma’am Royale is very similar to Frye. They don’t talk much but are very
concerned about their colleagues. Yes, except at the card table.
“Bredt is the best at writing reports among the clerks. He’s a romantic
gentleman. Even though he’s been married for fifteen years, he still loves
his wife very much. I think he’ll live a good life because he lives by the
maxim that the less he knows, the longer he’ll live.
“Cesare Francis is our carriage driver. Despite being a civilian staff
member, he often encounters dangerous situations. Therefore, the Captain
handed over the matters regarding the purchase of goods and applications to
him. He doesn’t make his presence known, and perhaps this is the key to his
survival.
“I occasionally think about it. If it weren’t for the things that happened later,
I would definitely still be living in Tingen. I would work on time every day.
I’ll be on duty to man the basement, and I would deal with the few cases
that crop up while playing cards with my colleagues. I would occasionally
accompany Melissa and Benson to watch a play or a circus show. If I can
come home early one day, I’ll study cooking. That’s a huge hobby of mine.
When the weekend comes, I might come to visit you and talk about the
history of various fields…
“It’s a pity that life is always pushing us forward and making us face
changes.”