Chapter 1291

Two Rituals
Above the gray fog, in the ancient palace, Klein’s figure appeared.
At that moment, on the high-back chair belonging to The Fool sat a person
shrouded in grayish-white fog.
As Klein returned to Sefirah Castle, this “person” instantly disintegrated,
turning into transparent and distorted Worms of Spirit that flew to Klein and
entered his body.
Thankfully, the restrictions placed by 0-02 only involved no leaking of
secrets or returning. I didn’t have my connection with the Worms of Spirit
that were guarding Sefirah Castle severed. Otherwise, they would’ve
already lost control and become monsters… Klein sighed inwardly as he sat
at the seat belonging to The Fool and picked up The Fool card he had
previously sacrificed to himself.
As the Card of Blasphemy had already been activated, there was no need
for him to seek out any additional incantations. All he needed to do was
inject spirituality into it to see the corresponding changes.
The Fool card quickly transformed into a miniature, illusory book. With
Klein’s guidance, it kept flipping back until it reached the last two pages.
“Sequence 1: Attendant of Mysteries
“This is an angel who serves the profound mysteries. ‘He’ has gained initial
control of the corresponding domain’s authorities. ‘He’ can summon Spirit
Body Threads of objects that originally existed. ‘He’ can combine many
physical objects or abstract concepts together…
“The potion formula is as follows:
“Main ingredients: One Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic.
“Supplementary ingredients: Nine spirit world specialties.
“Advancement ritual: Build a town consisting only of marionettes, and
design a trajectory of fate for every marionette. By letting them interact
with each other, they would act as a sufficiently real-life painting and create
a corresponding area in the spirit world.
“The larger the town, the more the marionettes involved, the more detailed
the daily lives are, and the more realistic and extensiveness the different
fates are, the better the ritual’s effects would be.
“Sequence 0: The Fool.
“This is a true deity. In a sense, ‘He’ is an embodiment of the corresponding
authorities…’He’ is adept at using all kinds of methods to fool all things,
showcasing all kinds of fascinating miracles…
“The potion formula is as follows:
“Main ingredients: The Uniqueness of The Fool. Two Attendant of
Mysteries Beyonder characteristics apart from one’s characteristic.
“Supplementary ingredients: Control at least a quarter of the fog of history.
“Advancement ritual: Fool time, history, or fate once.”
As he read, Klein slowly frowned and silently muttered to himself,
Compared to the advancement ritual of Attendant of Mysteries, The Fool’s
ritual is just too abstract… What does it mean to fool time, history, or fate?
How does one decide if it’s successful?
Controlling at least a quarter of the fog of history is relatively simple for
me. On the one hand, I know a lot of ancient secrets and have lit up many
historical fragments. On the other hand, I can directly influence the fog of
history through Sefirah Castle…
I’ll put The Fool’s matter aside for now. Currently, my focus is on Attendant
of Mysteries. You have to walk one step at a time before running is
possible. Uh, of course, some lucky ones can fly directly…
It’s very easy to find the nine specialties in the spirit world. Be it to get
Miss Messenger to help, or to seek the Seven Light’s advice, this isn’t a
problem… The advancement ritual is very close to the environment around
Zaratul and the Antigonus family’s ancestor. Furthermore, it matches what
the Seven Lights said about having a close connection with the spirit world.
I can determine it to be true for now.
With this in mind, Klein took off the topaz pendant wrapped around his left
wrist and used divination to confirm the authenticity of the Attendant of
Mysteries potion formula.
It wasn’t that he didn’t believe in Emperor Roselle, but his fellow
countryman had likely been influenced by Mr. Door before he created the
Cards of Blasphemy. He had gone to the moon and suffered the corruption
and contamination of the Mother Goddess of Depravity; thus, resulting in
distorted memories.
It was precisely because of this that it was highly possible that Roselle had
buried some traps in the key areas of the Cards of Blasphemy in his final
days.
In this aspect, Klein had always been cautious and careful.
Speaking of the Primordial Moon’s true form, the most powerful Great Old
One, the Mother Goddess of Depravity, could it be that the Emperor had
unknowingly been tainted based on “Her” title… On the moon, perhaps
there are many younger brothers and sisters that Bernadette has never met
before. Of course, it’s unlikely that there are gender differences…
The marionettes needed for the Attendant of Mysteries ritual can be
obtained from the Forsaken Land of the Gods. The copious number of
monsters there is a good thing. Furthermore, I’ve accumulated quite a few
of them previously. As Klein’s thoughts wandered, he turned his head to
look at the other side of the ancient palace and made the grayish-white fog
beside the junk pile dissipate.
As the fog receded, rows of brownish-yellow seats appeared, each of which
sat a figure.
Those figures were either giants covered in silver armor, humans with
deformed facial features in linen clothes, and large chunks of flesh
overgrown with eyes… They sat quietly in their rows of seats, their eyes
glazed over and indifferent as they stared in the direction of the long
mottled table.
These were all marionettes that Klein had gathered in the Forsaken Land of
the Gods. Every time he needed to switch location, and it wasn’t convenient
for him to carry too many with him, he would sacrifice a batch of them
above the gray fog.
Of course, this had nothing to do with environmental protection. Instead, it
was what had happened to the foggy town and the scene displayed by
Zaratul. It made Klein instinctively believe that there was a high chance that
a particular ritual would require many marionettes. Therefore, he had
always been very frugal in this aspect.
As for why he didn’t hang these marionettes up, and had made them sit in
rows in a conjured theater as members of the audience, this was because
Klein felt that the actions of the Antigonus family’s ancestor and Zaratul
were a little perverse.
He had tried to imitate and mimic them, but the goal was for acting. Now,
he didn’t need it anymore.
But how can such a marionette city produce corresponding spirit world
information? The spirit world is a gathering of the past, present, and future
information, but it doesn’t directly include such fake objects…
Generated from what others know? Every living being’s actions and words
would be reflected in the spirit world in an abstract manner, becoming the
source of divination. When their actions, words, and certain intense feelings
are clearly built into a marionette city, the city’s spirit world projection
would appear, turning into a “true” existence…
The interactions involved in this are linked to the more profound secrets of
the spirit world… Klein closed The Fool card in thought and played with it.
As he had already reached the angel level, he had a certain understanding
regarding the creation of the Cards of Blasphemy.
Back then, not only was Roselle able to draw powers from knowledge, but
he could also give actual powers to abstract knowledge!
As for what kind of material the Emperor used to create it, and how he
accomplished the effects of anti-divination and anti-prophecy at the level of
deities, Klein was unable to figure it out.
After some thought, Klein tried to accommodate The Fool card in his body.
His condition immediately changed. His body was covered with colorful
clothes, and there was an extremely gorgeous piece of headwear on his
head. His aura was deep and terrifying, but it gave off a comical, ridiculous,
ludicrous feeling. It was a condition filled with a strange conflict.
The space attached to Sefirah Castle gently swayed, as though it wanted to
surrender to the feet of this indescribable deity.
My level has been enhanced a little. There aren’t any substantial changes.
After all, I’m already the owner of Sefirah Castle. Heh, it’s like I have a
fashionable costume that can accentuate my aura… Klein shook his head
and said a few self-deprecating words.
At the same time, a transparent and distorted Worm of Spirit crawled out
from his body, forming a figure that was identical to him.
After splitting off a Worm of Spirit of “himself” that could respond to
prayers at any moment, Klein returned to the real world and strolled around
Belltaine City. He used the method of granting wishes to treat the injuries of
people, and he learned about the war from them.
…
“Dogsh*t!” Danitz couldn’t help but curse when he heard the crew’s report.
“They actually finished the whale oil? Why didn’t you stop them?”
As they passed by the Gargas Archipelago, Danitz and his crew bought a
batch of whale oil that hadn’t been refined. They planned on bringing it
back to Bayam and selling it at a high price. Who would’ve expected that a
portion of it had been “secretly eaten” by the City of Silver’s half-giants?
The crew member glanced at the Oracle and whispered, “They don’t
understand what we’re talking about. We don’t understand what they’re
talking about either. Only the shortest one can communicate, but it doesn’t
mean we can find him at any time. He always Cogitates in places where the
sun shines, changing positions every time.”
Danitz subconsciously sneered.
“This is what happens to illiterates.
“If you could grasp all sorts of languages like ancient Feysac, Jotun, and
Elvish like me, something like that wouldn’t have happened.
“Of course, linguistic talent is related to intelligence. You don’t have to
force yourself.”
The crewman carefully looked at Danitz again.
“Oracle, they ate the portion of whale oil you bought.”
…Dogsh*t! Danitz’s reaction was faster than his thoughts as he rushed
towards the cabin.
After a period of chaos, Danitz received compensation with a Sequence 8
Beyonder characteristic. He didn’t know if he had profited or suffered a
loss. After all, the dirty bodily fluids left on the characteristic made him feel
disgusted and nauseous.
By the time the ship returned to peace, City of Generosity, Bayam, was
already in front of the City of Silver’s reconnaissance team.
Derrick led Liaval, Candice, and the others to the deck and looked at the
destination of their “journey.”
Although they had passed by many ports, they had never been allowed to
alight from the ship. They could only watch from afar. Now, it was finally
time for them to step onto the land outside.
Even so, the large number of people, houses, and hardships that they had
seen from afar were still unable to conceal their bubbling enthusiasm. They
continued to yearn for life in the world of light.
Of course, having been used to the darkness and lightning, they took quite
some time before they could get used to the sun outside. If not for the fact
that they were Beyonders, they would’ve suffered permanent damage to
their eyes.
As he looked at the docks and the numerous people, the airships that were
traveling high in the sky, and the other ships around him while hearing
noises that he could barely understand, Derrick suddenly felt a sense of
nervousness. This would be the area where the City of Silver would take up
residence in the future.
As he swept his gaze, he suddenly saw a man standing on the coastal
lighthouse. He was wearing a long robe embroidered with the symbol of
Storm. His hair was dark blue— nearly black—like a clump of seaweed.
His face was rough and carved.
As their gazes met, Derrick instantly calmed down and no longer felt
uneasy.