Chapter 1062

: Teaching Online
Klein glanced at Leonard and smiled.
“The targets aren’t demigods. They’ve only ‘lived’ to this day due to some
sort of influence. This is also the secret I wish to discover through dreams.”
He deliberately emphasized the word “lived.”
Without waiting for Leonard to respond, Klein continued, “The aristocrat
from the Fourth Epoch is a member of the Zoroast family. You might be
able to use his dream to learn more about Pallez Zoroast.”
Old Man’s descendant… Leonard’s heart stirred as he looked forward to the
proposal that Klein raised.
Although he had gotten along rather well with Pallez Zoroast and gradually
built some trust in this angel, he still held the most basic level of vigilance
against him. After all, “He” was an outsider who lived in his body.
At that moment, Klein added, “For now, don’t mention this matter to Pallez
Zoroast.”
Do you think I’m such an unreliable person? Leonard grumbled inwardly as
he replied, “There’s no need to remind me.”
Seeing that Leonard had agreed, Klein smiled and said, “Get me a few
drops of your blood when you return. This is necessary to explore the
dreams.”
He didn’t specifically mention how to give the blood to him. After all,
Leonard knew at least two methods. Firstly, he could sacrifice it to Mr. Fool
and request that “He” bestow it to The World. The other was to summon the
messenger of mysterious origins and place the blood inside a bottle, sending
it over with a letter.
“Blood…” Leonard subconsciously repeated the word.
In mysticism, one’s blood was an important item. It was best not to give
one’s blood to others; otherwise, they might die without knowing the
reason. Sometimes, death wasn’t the most terrifying outcome that could
happen.
After a brief moment of hesitation, Leonard nodded.
“When will the exploration begin?”
Klein was prepared for this question as he replied, “Late Sunday night,
close to midnight.”
He wanted to give Miss Justice time to converge her spirituality and
familiarize herself with her abilities.
“Alright.” Leonard didn’t say anything else.
Following that, Klein seriously explained skills in sophistry so that the dear
poet knew how to pacify his grandpa after returning.
After returning to the real world, Leonard was deliberating over his words
when he heard Pallez Zoroast’s slightly-aged voice:
“Why did your former colleague look for you? Is there anything that cannot
be explained in a letter?”
Leonard adjusted his sitting posture and chuckled.
“He’s afraid that the letter will be leaked. After all, it might involve that
person.”
Just as he finished his sentence, Leonard inwardly mumbled, Of course, the
most important thing is to be wary of you. What I see is equivalent to what
you see…
“That person…” Pallez Zoroast seemed to understand who he was referring
to.
Yeah.” Leonard picked up a cup on the table and drank a mouthful of malt
beer. “He found an ascetic from the Third Epoch. He hopes to learn the
history of that epoch through his dream.”
What Leonard said was the truth, but it was only a portion of the truth. This
was the skill that Klein had specially taught him.
“An ascetic from the Third Epoch? He’s still alive?” Pallez Zoroast asked in
surprise.
Of course, “He” wasn’t too surprised. After all, at “His” level, even if “He”
didn’t grasp a hundred methods that allowed people to live from the Third
Epoch, “He” knew at least five or six methods. The easiest way was to steal
the time or life of others to imbue it into a target.
“He’s likely still alive, but has a very special condition,” Leonard explained
what he knew.
Pallez Zoroast fell silent for two seconds before saying with a chuckle, “Is
that so? Then I can only wish you the best in not seeing scenes you
shouldn’t see in the dream. Of course, your former colleague is protected by
an existence of Concealment, so he must be prepared.”
Leonard didn’t respond to the topic. He suddenly exclaimed, “Old man, are
you actually not the least bit curious? Don’t you want to know what the true
deities were like in the Third Epoch, or the cause of the Cataclysm?”
This was the second technique in sophistry that Klein taught him. Rather
than being asked, it was better to take the initiative to ask questions.
“I can roughly guess what’s going on,” Pallez Zoroast replied with a sigh.
He then scoffed. “You took too much initiative to control the flow of our
conversation today. This is very different from your past behavior. This
means that you have a secret you’re hiding deep down. Not bad, it’s much
better than the past. At least it’s not something that can be seen through at
once.”
Leonard’s expression froze.
Pallez immediately chuckled.
“See, I just gave it a try and you exposed yourself. You still lack training.
Your former colleague is really… Tsk…”
Leonard could only respond with a dry chuckle. He put down his cup and
leaned forward. He then picked up a silver ritual dagger and cut open a
wound, causing a few drops of blood to drip out.
Meanwhile at Earl Hall’s residence, Audrey was also holding a dagger with
gems embedded in it. She was preparing to fulfill the promise of providing
help for free. She moved the tip of the dagger towards the back of her hand.
“The pain is very mild…
The pain is very mild…” As she hypnotized herself, she exerted force and
tore open a wound.
It was currently impossible to tear her skin without using strength, even if
she didn’t reveal her dragon scales.
On Sunday night, after attending a ball, Klein returned to 160 Boklund
Street. He made up an excuse that he was feeling tired and needed to sleep
early.
In the wee hours of the night, he got out of bed, set up a ritual, and
summoned himself.
After some work, he sat in the seat that belonged to The World Gehrman
Sparrow. He confirmed that once the summoning ended, he could use the
gray fog’s level and standing to forcefully extricate himself from Groselle’s
Travels.
At that moment, in front of him were three metal bottles and a silver mask.
The former was filled with his, Leonard’s, and Audrey’s blood, while the
latter was sacrificed by Miss Justice ahead of time. As she knew that Mr.
Star would be involved in the exploration of the dream this time, she
planned on wearing Lie the entire time to mask her face and avoid her
identity from being uncovered.
After examining it for a while, Klein made the hard-covered, deep-brown
Groselle’s Travels to fly out of the junk pile and land on the long bronze
table. At the same time, he placed the Unshadowed Crucifix into his body.
Following that, he pulled Justice Audrey and The Star Leonard above the
gray fog.
Two dark red beams shot up at the same time, forming rather blurry figures.
Audrey and Leonard cast their gazes at the bottom of the long, mottled table
and sized up the items in front of Mr. World.
Then, their attention was drawn to the ancient book.
Audrey’s eyes darted around as she curiously asked, “Our exploration this
time is related to this book?”
Yes, our targets are inside this book,” Klein replied with a smile.
“Inside the book?” Leonard asked in surprise.
Even though he was a Red Glove, and had also read a large number of
supernatural case files, he had never heard of communicating with
characters in a book.
Klein nodded slightly and said, “Yes, this is a magical book. Inside it, there
is a world that was ‘envisioned.’ What happens in that world becomes the
book’s contents.”
“Envisioned?” Audrey acutely grasped a key phrase, linking it to its
synonyms.
She had only just learned a few days ago from Mr. World that the Spectator
pathway’s Sequence 0 was called Visionary, and she knew very well that
the King of Dragons, the ancient god, Ankewelt, was the Dragon of
Imagination.
After some deliberation, Klein said, “My description might not be accurate.
It might be an ‘envisioned’ world or a true dream. The only thing I can
confirm is that it was created by an ancient god from the Second Epoch, the
Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt. I obtained it from Vice Admiral Iceberg.”
Ancient god’s relic… It’s no wonder that it can make a giant and elf from
the Second Epoch, a Third Epoch ascetic, a Fourth Epoch human aristocrat,
and Fifth Epoch Loenese soldier survive till now… Leonard came to a
realization as he couldn’t help but size up The World Gehrman Sparrow. He
couldn’t imagine what kind of experiences Klein had ever since he left
Tingen.
At this moment, Klein looked around and pushed the Lie mask to Miss
Justice as he said, “Let’s head on in.”
“Alright.” Audrey put on the silver mask.
Leonard looked around and nodded.
“Okay.”
Klein immediately picked up the three metal bottles and poured out some of
the blood inside, smearing it on the cover of Groselle’s Travels.
So this is what the blood was for… Just as this thought flashed through
Audrey’s mind, she saw a white snowy storm.
Amidst snowflakes the size of down feathers and a biting cold wind, a city
that was more than 15 meters tall stood nearby. A soldier wearing leather
armor on-guard by the gates was huddled in a spot that was immune to the
wind and snow. As long as there weren’t any merchant convoys, he
wouldn’t head forward to block any ordinary pedestrians.
“This… This is a world that was completely ‘envisioned’… It’s like it’s
real.” Leonard looked around as he spread out his palm and caught several
snowflakes. He felt the coldness of its touch before they quickly melted into
water.
After confirming the environment, Leonard suddenly realized something.
Klein was maintaining the image of the cold and refined Gehrman Sparrow.
Miss Justice wore a silver mask, revealing the bottom of her face, green
eyes, and blonde hair, making it impossible to imagine her actual
appearance.
As for himself, he didn’t disguise himself at all…
This was a habit of official Beyonders. They openly carried out missions
without any disguises.
Mr. Star really is laid-back, and his hair is combed very casually. It’s such a
pity. Otherwise, with his looks, he can be a model on the covers of
magazines… As a noble lady who had seen too many handsome men,
Audrey politely glanced at him before retracting her gaze without making
any excessive observations.
Klein chuckled inwardly and pointed at the city in the snowstorm.
“Our first target is the ascetic, Mr. Snowman, from the Third Epoch.”
This was the person most likely to have a link to Amon and “His” brother!
According to Klein’s plan, after Snowman would be the fourth-generation
aristocrat, Mobet. This was because Giant Groselle and Elf Siatas involved
matters at much higher levels, and there was a high chance of there being an
accident. Therefore, it was safer leaving them at the end of the schedule.
After the exploration of the four people’s subconscious via their dreams,
they would then enter the sea of collective subconscious in search of any
possible secrets.