Chapter 892

: Individual Comprehension
Neither of them… Cattleya ruminated over Mr. Fool’s reply, suddenly
feeling at a loss as to the true meaning of the question.
She originally imagined that the place that Emperor Roselle’s mind and
spirit called home had to involve something philosophical or mystical. For
example, the island might refer to the divine kingdom of the deity of his
faith; the depths of the cosmos referred to the astral world, indicating
Emperor Roselle’s belief in surpassing himself in his quest for a deity’s
throne. In the end, Mr. Fool answered that it was neither. This denied nearly
every possibility, making it difficult for her to think of any other answer.
Perhaps what Her Majesty wishes to ask is not something I understand.
What Mr. Fool is saying is pointing at another explanation… It doesn’t
matter if I understand it. I’m only a communication tool between them…
Cattleya sighed inwardly as she sincerely bowed.
“Thank you for your answer.”
The other Tarot Club members were lost in regards to the question and
answer. Although they could understand the reason for the question and
could understand what the actual meaning of the mental and spiritual home
was, they couldn’t make any connection to the island or the depths of the
cosmos. Hence, all of them had their own interpretations and guesses, but
all of them felt that their theories were distant from the truth.
Subconsciously, Fors believed that the island referred to the woman Roselle
loved the most. The depths of the cosmos referred to the emperor’s late
years when he cast his gaze to what he deemed “the Sea of Stars.”
Audrey believed that the island referred to one’s island of self-
consciousness in psychology. The sea was the conscious, and below the
sea’s surface was the subconscious. And the cosmos referred to the
spirituality sky that represented the astral world. Hence, the corresponding
question became “did Emperor Roselle believe in himself, deities, or purely
nature.”
From this angle, Mr. Fool’s answer appeared rather strange. It was as
though “He” was saying that Emperor Roselle didn’t believe in anything,
including himself.
I might be misinterpreting it… But if that’s really the case, Emperor Roselle
might seem conflicted based on what Mr. Fool says, but in fact, it might
conceal a deeper secret… Or it could be that, in his later years, he had seen
through life. He began thinking about the universe, the world, deities, and
the basic qualities of humanity. He became a pessimist and a nihilist?
Audrey seemed to be training her abilities as she thought with piqued
interest.
Alger had similar thoughts as Cattleya. As for Emlyn, he considered it for a
moment before decisively giving up upon realizing that he had no clue.
Derrick had no interest in Emperor Roselle, but he didn’t break the silence.
He kept considering the conversations he was to have later.
Finally, The Fool, who was cloaked by the gray fog, chuckled and said,
“You may begin.”
Alger immediately looked at The World and deliberated over his words.
“Sorry, your mystical item will require a little more time.”
Without waiting for him to speak, he quickly gave an explanation:
“That Artisan had strangely gotten infected by a sickness, and there are
suspicious ‘snoopers’ appearing in the vicinity. This resulted in a delay. I
will personally make a trip to see if I can resolve his problems so that he
can quickly recover. We’ll try to make the mystical item you need within
two weeks.”
He spoke extremely sincerely as a way to express his apologies and
importance on the matter. But in his actual description, he had secretly
pushed all the blame to the Artisan. It was as though he was saying to The
World that if he were displeased, I will teach him a lesson for you. If that’s
not enough, I will even give you his exact location for you to personally pay
him a visit.
That Artisan sure is troublesome… Mr. Hanged Man treats this quite
seriously. Hmm, non-official, or should I say Artisans who are willing to
accept orders from unknown origins, are extremely rare. If they can be
secured, it’s best that they are secured… Klein pondered for a moment and
got The World to hoarsely reply, “I will allow this delay, but there shouldn’t
be a next time.”
He spoke very calmly, but it alarmed Alger. He could almost feel the hidden
murderous intent in The World Gehrman Sparrow.
“Thank you for your understanding,” he said with a staid expression.
Upon hearing their conversation, Cattleya looked at The Hanged Man,
curled her lips, and nudged her glasses. She said, “If you are unable to
resolve the problems, I can provide some help.”
From her point of view, as long as the problem wasn’t serious, she could
even do it for free. After all, this meant that she could skip The Hanged
Man and directly establish connections with the Artisan.
Alger obviously sensed the true intent of this pirate admiral. He felt that she
was beginning to severely encroach into his territory, giving him a certain
level of pressure. He paused for a moment and replied in an unperturbed
manner, “Then, I will thank you on his behalf for your kindness.”
On the one hand, he expressed his close ties with the Artisan, and on the
other hand, didn’t directly object to her help; thus, giving him sufficient
leeway. Compared to having Gehrman Sparrow find fault with him,
sacrificing some benefits wasn’t something unacceptable.
Cattleya didn’t harp on the matter as she turned to look at The World.
“Are you pleased with the information on West Balam?”
She had already gathered all the information on West Balam that Gehrman
Sparrow needed last Thursday. She had handed it to him via the strange
messenger.
She was filled with fear when it came to Mr. Fool, so given any other
methods, she was unwilling to disturb that existence.
It cost me a total of 300 pounds. If it wasn’t good enough, I would’ve asked
for a refund there and then! Klein mumbled and made The World answer
tersely as an affirmation.
Then, the fake person cast its gaze on Miss Magician.
Fors immediately felt uncomfortable, akin to the feeling of a rat being
targeted by a cat. She couldn’t help but consider if she had done something
wrong.
Could it be that during my conversation with Xio, my description, no—
defamation of Dwayne Dantès, was heard by him? Or is he displeased that I
didn’t refund him the money? Fors stopped thinking about the bodyguard
mission that had happened days ago as she asked, quaking with
consternation, “Mr. World, i-is there something?”
The World nodded and said, “A commission.
“Get information on Calderón City from the Abraham family. Most
important of all is its location.”
Calderón City… Why is The World suddenly searching for this mysterious
spirit world city? An instruction from Mr. Fool? It’s a new part of his
reawakening plans? Cattleya had some idea about Calderón City, so she
was quite perplexed.
The other Tarot Club members, including Fors, didn’t know what city The
World was looking for. All they could do was maintain their silence. Among
them, Emlyn felt that he had heard of it before, but he couldn’t recall the
exact details.
About four seconds later, Fors forced a smile.
“No problem. I can help you ask.”
“How much would it cost?” The World asked in an unperturbed tone.
1,000 pounds! No, 500 pounds, no— I still need to deduct the bodyguard
fee… Fors’s mind raced and finally gave her price:
“350 pounds.”
That’s cheap. Other than the spirit world’s Seven Lights, perhaps only the
Abraham family has detailed information on Calderón City… Yes, to Miss
Magician, it’s just about asking her teacher. It’s indeed simple and
convenient. It’s no wonder it’s not expensive… Klein was first surprised
before coming to a realization. He made The World nod and say, “Deal.”
After watching this transaction close, Audrey noticed something amusing.
Miss Magician seems to be very afraid of Mr. World. It was to the point of
being a reflex!
She had previously met Dwayne Dantès, but didn’t know that he was
Gehrman Sparrow. During this period, she discovered something
terrifying? Hmm, I’ll arrange to meet her and Xio at Glaint’s place. Let’s
see if I can figure out something… Audrey thought as she indiscernibly
nodded.
At this moment, seeing that The World had nothing else, Emlyn hurriedly
looked at The Sun.
“Do you have the Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristic of the artificial
vampire?”
“I haven’t accrued enough merit points.” Derrick didn’t feel ashamed this
time. On the contrary, he felt that Mr. Moon was being overly anxious. How
could the points needed for a Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristic be so
easily amassed?
Emlyn turned his head disgruntledly when he suddenly recalled something.
He hurriedly said to Miss Magician, “I have clues to the cursed item and
remnant spirituality from an ancient wraith. I’m waiting for more detailed
information.
“This might not be an item to give to you directly, but one to provide you
with some information about where you can find an ancient wraith in the
vicinity of Backlund.”
Upon saying that, Emlyn thought and said, “300 pounds.”
This means that I have to hunt the ancient wraith myself? Based on various
mysticism rumors, this is quite a powerful monster… After hearing what
Mr. Moon had to say, Fors’s first reaction was that it was a dilemma. Her
second reaction was to commission the hunting mission to Mr. World. She
was certain that he could quickly and successfully complete it!
But upon the thought that hiring Mr. World might cost far more than what
the ancient wraith was worth, she felt that it was better to attempt it herself.
I’ll wait until Xio becomes an Interrogator. Together, we should have a
higher chance… Besides, I still have Leymano’s Travels with me. On it is a
demigod-level High-Sequence Beyonder power and Angel’s Embrace. There
are plenty of unique Beyonder powers in it, and below that of High-
Sequence Beyonders, it’s practically a divine artifact… Uh, I have little
actual combat experience since I’m fleeing most of the time. This is an
opportunity… Fors quickly made a decision and said to The Moon Emlyn,
“Deal.”
After confirming some other matters, the transaction segment came to an
end. Klein got The World Gehrman Sparrow to beat Mr. Hanged Man to the
punch by looking around and saying, “My preliminary investigations
regarding Backlund’s Cuarón’s suicide has borne fruit.”