Chapter 1120

: 1120 Court Chaser
1120 Court Chaser
The dark blue, boundless sea that ebbed gently and seemed to contain
infinite life was presented to members of the City of Silver’s expedition
team. It was no longer a record written down in ancient books, nor was it a
combination of words spoken by outsiders.
Although it was still very far away, it seemed like contact was possible.
The wine-red-haired Antiona watched in a daze. She opened her mouth, as
though she wanted to say something, but in the end, all she said was the
words:
“The sea…”
Just as she finished speaking, a silver crack suddenly appeared on her
forehead.
The crack shot up rapidly, instantly splitting Antiona into two halves. Warm
and bright red blood gushed out, splashing across Derrick’s face.
Without a sound, more silvery-white light shot out from her body, splitting
her body into countless small pieces of flesh.
The reveling face full of hope was like a puzzle that had fallen to the
ground, splattering everywhere.
It was only at this moment that Demon Hunter Colin reacted. He brandished
his two swords and slashed them diagonally outwards, as though he was
dealing with invisible enemies.
Clang! Clang! Clang!
Silver light flashed, and the sound of metal reverberating echoed. The
morning sun around Colin Iliad shattered and scattered in chaos.
At this moment, the silver phantom behind Shepherd Lovia had already
taken a step forward and stabbed the blurry giant sword into the ground.
Clang! Clang! Clang! As they surrounded the people of the City of Silver,
the streaks of silver light appeared in different spots, trying their best to cut
through the invisible barrier around them like insects struggling in amber.
Clang! Clang! Clang!
The dense, sometimes thick silver light constantly appeared, causing the
defensive powers of the expedition team to tremble, as though it would
shatter at any moment. However, be it Demon Hunter Colin, Shepherd
Lovia, or Derrick, they couldn’t find any traces of the enemy.
The Fool above the gray fog was just about to give a certain reminder when
the Chief of the six-member council seemed to realize something and
crossed his two swords in front of him.
Clang!
The gigantic silver beam struck the two swords, causing Demon Hunter
Colin’s feet to sink into a solid stone slab.
He took this opportunity and roared, “Unshadowed domain!”
Upon hearing the Chiefs reminder, Derrick didn’t hesitate and stabbed his
finger on the thorns of the Unshadowed Crucifix, doing so without any
regard for the pain.
As his blood oozed out, clear, bright, pure, and blazing light suddenly
exploded, enveloping the entire area between the two buildings.
There wasn’t a single shadow in this area that could hide. Nothing else
could be hidden. Light had become the ruler of this region.
A huge figure quickly outlined itself on the side of the Giant King’s palace.
“It” was wearing silver full-body armor and was nearly five meters tall. The
flickering light behind the mask was either deep red or orange. And
unmistakably, there was a single vertical eye there.
This was a giant, a giant who was still alive.
He didn’t wait for the enemy to enter a certain range before attempting to
attack, implying that he had sufficient intelligence.
Unlike the other silver-armored knights, the giant’s bracer had bright
patterns on it. On the right was a blood-red color that circled around his
arm, and at the same spot on the left, it was adorned with black spots.
The giant knight raised his broadsword and pointed at everyone in the City
of Silver. He said in a thunderous voice, “How dare you barge into the
king’s court and disturb Lord Sasrir’s slumber!”
Sasrir? Dark Angel Sasrir? The Fool Klein above the gray fog was alarmed
when he heard that. He subconsciously sat up straight.
The former left hand of God, the deputy of the divine kingdom, the leader
of the Kings of Angels, one of the two leaders of Rose Redemption, hadn’t
disappeared into the river of history. “He” was sleeping deep in the Giant
King’s Court, sleeping in the residence of the Giant King? Why did “He”
choose to enter a state of slumber? Many thoughts flashed through Klein’s
mind as he subconsciously cast his gaze towards the palace that the giant
knight was guarding.
It was the tallest and most magnificent building in the Giant King’s Court.
The dusk’s light seemed to transform into something corporeal that covered
its surface, dyeing it with a clear sense of decline. It gave off the feeling
that the sun had set and an eternal eventide was coming.
On both sides were steeples, while on the other side were spires. The front
door was a double door that opened outwards, with gray and blue as the
main colors. Its height exceeded ten meters, and it was covered with
symbols, labels, and patterns. It looked stately and mysterious.
There was a pitch-black socket on the left side of the door at a height of
three-to four-meters tall. It was equivalent to an adult’s fist.
Upon seeing this scene, Klein suddenly thought of the dream divination he
had done in the past. Back then, he had seen the same scene, and the
medium he had used for the divination was the giants’ key he had obtained
from Vice Admiral Iceberg.
Is that the key to opening the Giant King’s residence? As he extended his
hand, he tried to use his “true vision” to pass through the obstruction of the
building to see the situation inside the palace.
Unfortunately, he failed. The iron-black key which was the size of a seven-
string guitar landed in front of him.
At this moment, Demon Hunter Colin suddenly said before the giant knight
attacked, “You’re a Court Chaser?”
The giant knight’s broadsword didn’t cleave down; instead, he paused for a
second and said in a low voice, “After all this time, to think that there’s
someone who can still remember Court Chasers.
“I’m the leader of all the chasers, the Light Culler Murskogan, and I later
followed Lord Sasrir.
“I once hunted powerful dragons, elves, devils, demonic wolves, phoenixes.
Today, you are honored to die under my blade.”
This Light Culler didn’t soften his attitude. He hunched his body slightly
and held his sword with both hands. Like a flying meteor, he rushed
towards the people from the City of Silver with heavy footsteps at high
speeds.
Due to the existence of the Unshadowed domain, he could no longer hide
his body like before.
Just as Colin Iliad, Lovia and company determined that Murskogan’s attack
would arrive in a second, this giant knight suddenly stopped his silver
broadsword’s slash midway.
Demon Hunter Colin, who wasn’t in Lovia’s evil spirit’s defensive circle,
suddenly had a premonition of danger. Without any hesitation, he lunged to
the side.
Boom!
A silver ray of light suddenly emerged from the spot where he had been
standing, destroying everything from within. This attack was so strange,
like it was generated by the void itself.
At the same time, there was also a change in Colin Iliad who had ducked to
the ground. His clothes were torn into pieces and cloth by his rapidly
expanding muscles.
In just a blink of an eye, this Demon Hunter had turned into a grayish-blue
giant with bluish-black lines warped around him. At his forehead was a
deep black crack. Every inch of him contained immense power, infinite
mystery, and a strange psyche influence.
If a Beyonder under Sequence 4 saw this scene, they would definitely suffer
from a strong backlash. Their brains might suffer an excruciating pain that
would cause them to lose their minds. Even their spirituality would be
corrupted. And if they couldn’t withstand such an influence, going crazy,
losing control, or even sudden death were certain outcomes.
This was the incomplete Mythical Creature form of a demigod.
Originally, Colin Iliad didn’t dare to release this form due to the influence
of the “twilight” in the Giant King’s Court. But now, he realized that in the
Unshadowed domain, the feeling of decline had weakened significantly.
He then raised the two swords that had enlarged in size as well. With them
covered in the light of dawn, he fought fiercely with the Light Culler
Murskogan in the domain that was enveloped in light and shadows.
Clang! Clang! Clang!
The three swords of the “giants” clashed and separated from time to time.
Although Colin Iliad was at a disadvantage, he still managed to withstand
the barrage of attacks from the King’s Court Chaser’s leader.
From time to time, he would feel a strong sense of danger. Then, without
any warning, he would either duck or roll in another direction.
And at this moment, silver beams of light would always appear from the
inside and outside.
Derrick had already closed his eyes. Ignoring the loss of blood, he tried his
best to maintain the Unshadowed domain. Haim and another Dawn Paladin
similarly didn’t dare open their eyes. They helped Shepherd Elder Lovia
and slowly moved the group towards the palace without exiting the
protective domain.
If not for the help of the silver-armored knight evil spirit, they would’ve
long been diced into small pieces of flesh and blood by the Storm of Light
that swept the area.
That Light Culler Murskogan alone had placed the City of Silver’s
expedition team into a precarious position, with no chance of
counterattacking.
As expected of the leader of the King’s Court Chasers, this should be the
strongest force beneath subsidiary gods, or in other words, angels…
Compared to the Demon Hunter, the Silver Knight has several more
terrifying Beyonder powers… Above the gray fog, The Fool Klein held the
Sea God Scepter and carefully observed the battle.
He quickly figured out the aspect in which Light Culler Murskogan was
powerful in.
Firstly, his defensive power can be transformed into a full-body silver
armor set. Secondly, it can be used to hide and conceal himself with the
light, hiding any malicious intent. Thirdly, the condensed Sword of Dawn
isn’t something that can be maintained for a short period of time. It can be
used as a normal weapon, sufficiently sharp, and good at cleansing. Fourth,
it can create some sort of thin silver-white sword. It has the ability to
teleport, and it can bypass most barriers to attack the target directly, and
even cause it to erupt from within the target’s body. Furthermore, this thin
silver-white sword condensed without any warning, making it difficult to
predict…
This is a saint who’s extremely good at fighting head-on. If it wasn’t for the
rich experience and strong intuition of the City of Silver’s Chief, he
would’ve been in danger due to the suppression effect from being of the
same pathway when fighting in his Mythical Creature form… If it were me,
I might’ve already been killed. Of course, I wouldn’t fight head- on with the
leader of the King’s Court Chasers…
From the current situation, because the evil spirit needs to protect its
Shepherd, there’s no way for it to directly participate in the battle. The City
of Silver’s expedition team has almost no chance of winning. Yes, they’re
already slowly retreating. Very rational…If it really doesn’t work, perhaps
Mr. Fool will have to deliver lightning punishment” However, the True
Creator should still be watching… My Lightning Storm might not be able
to quickly resolve Murskogan… Klein’s thoughts raced when he suddenly
thought of a problem:
How did Light Culler Murskogan, who wasn’t an angel, survive since the
end of the Second Epoch. He’s neither a demoness, vampire, nor Undying!
And from him possessing reason, as well as the ability he displays in battle,
he doesn’t have Beyonder characteristics of other pathways mixed in him.