Chapter 348

: Terrifying Wraith
A faint golden stream of light flashed past, hitting what seemed like an
empty space.
However, resplendent flames suddenly rose up from that spot, rapidly
forming a silhouette who was wearing a black tuxedo and a dark red cloak.
The figure’s left arm was burning with holy and pure flames as it
continuously emitted faint black and green smoke, illuminating his pale
face in dark green glow.
It was a man in his forties with oily hair that was neatly combed with
meticulous attention. His eyes were dark and green, and while possessing
no emotion, there were no signs of pain!
Wraith Steve!
He turned his head and looked maliciously at Klein, who was at the top of
the warehouse.
Klein was startled as he felt his body suddenly turn cold. Even the heat
brought by the Sun Brooch couldn’t counteract it.
His body stiffened quickly, and his eyes glazed over. His pupils reflected
the same two figures: a black tuxedo, a dark red cloak, a head of hair
slathered with oil, a pair of dark green eyes, and the pale face of a man in
his forties!
Almost in an instant, Klein was placed under Steve’s control, his thoughts
gradually numbing.
This was the ability of a Sequence 5 Wraith!
It was a strange and hardly defensible ability!
Fortunately, he was adequately aware of everything beforehand and was
already prepared for it. Moreover, the exorcism effect could effectively
resist the possession of evil spiritual beings, so before his ability to think
had completely disappeared, he stimulated the spirituality of his Spirit Body
and injected it into the dark golden Sunbird brooch.
Just as he was about to raise his hand to grab hold of his neck, a warm and
pure ray of light suddenly descended from the sky.
It was like a pillar of light from the Sun, bringing with it a feeling of
brilliance and holy purification as it enveloped Klein within.
It was a spell from the Sun domain, Holy Light Summoning!
Amidst the holy light, the formless possession ability was weakened, and
Klein’s eyes suddenly regained their luster.
In close succession, his body ignited, becoming brittle and charred, leaving
behind a thin piece of paper.
At the same time, between the gaps of the two warehouses, Klein, in his
double-breasted frock coat and matching silk half top hat, jumped out of the
roaring flames from the previous explosion.
His cane had been thrown away somewhere long ago, and the same figure
floating above his head had also been successfully destroyed by the flames.
It turned into pieces of ashes and scattered in every direction.
Before Klein could confirm his situation, he felt an invisible grip on his
ankle.
There was a firm grip on his calves, arms, chest, and clothes!
In his Spirit Vision which had long been activated, Klein saw blurry,
transparent figures. Some of them were incomplete, some were covered in
blood, some of them had burnt black skin, and others were pale and cold.
Phew… A cold wind of unknown origins blew at his neck, making his hair
stand on end and made his body tremble uncontrollably.
The dark golden Sunbird brooch in front of him suddenly flashed with a
brilliant light, and golden illusory flames started flaring up around him one
after another!
These flames emitted the aura of the sun, and because they were so dense,
they formed a sea.
This was the “Fire of Light” from the Sun domain!
The ghastly ghosts around Klein shrieked silently and vanished, and the
cold wind at the back of his head was replaced by the scorching heat of the
Sun Brooch.
Klein, who was temporarily safe in this environment, couldn’t help but sigh
in fear.
Even though he had prepared ahead of time and had obtained items to
counter his opponent, a one on one battle with a Sequence 5 Wraith was still
precarious. The “performance” had almost ended in failure from the very
beginning!
Not too far away from Maric, the dark red-cloaked Steve’s figure turned
slightly incorporeal. The bright flames on his left arm were quickly
extinguished under the onslaught of the black aura.
His eyes shone with dark green light, filled with malice and desire. He
seemed to have lost his mind and ability to think.
At this moment, with the shot’s warning, Maric had distanced himself and
directed the numb-faced zombies who had crawled out of the earth to
surround Werewolf Tyre. He created slippery layers of ice and rotting
sludge in an attempt to affect his enemy’s movements.
Werewolf Tyre held onto the tiny full moon that was emitting crimson light
as he ran without stopping. When he was blocked by a zombie, he casually
swiped down.
Whoosh!
The zombie was immediately split into six pieces. The long rotten flesh and
wriggling maggots sprinkled all over the ground.
Werewolf Tyre froze for a moment, looking at his claws in disbelief.
Only then did he understand that the augmentation that the Scarlet Lunar
Corona brought him wasn’t only restricted to speed.
He felt that he had mastered some powerful and strange spell!
Tyre stopped running and turned to face the pale Maric.
At this moment, Zombie Jason was drawing closer to the illusory but
mysterious door. His body was covered with dark-green vines that had
protruded from the faces of the babies. He was being dragged by arms that
were either full of teeth or were skinless.
His eyes were almost touching the crack of the bronze door as he stared
coldly at the indescribable eyes hidden in the darkness.
It was as if that place was the final resting place for his heart.
“No!”
His body, which was controlled by bloodlust and the desire to kill, shouted
out shrilly.
Werewolf Tyre, who was about to counterattack, stopped instantaneously.
Clenching his teeth, he threw the miniature version of the crimson full
moon at Steve.
Only by allowing a Sequence 5 Beyonder to regain his strength would he be
augmented, allowing the battle to come to a quick end. Only then would
Jason have a chance of being rescued!
Upon seeing this, Klein’s eyes lit up, and he immediately snapped his
fingers.
Pa!
Boom!
In the Scarlet Lunar Corona’s trajectory, a pre-buried explosive threw up the
soil, blew out a strong impactful gust of wind, and set off a scarlet flame.
Being struck by this, the Scarlet Lunar Corona was redirected and landed in
another direction.
Boom!
Another explosive blew up, inducing a fiery light to rise up. Klein leaped up
and pounced at the Scarlet Lunar Corona which wasn’t too far from him.
Suddenly, a pale palm appeared right in front of the Scarlet Lunar Corona’s
landing spot and grabbed it.
It was none other than Steve, who had disappeared and then reappeared!
His instincts made him chase after the full moon!
Pa! With a soft sound, Steve grabbed the Scarlet Lunar Corona. His dark
green eyes, which were full of malice and desire, gained a trace of spiritual
luster. This caused him to return from the form of a pure wraith to a
Sequence 5 powerhouse.
He smirked at Klein.
He wasn’t in a hurry to deal with this weak opponent, so he let his figure
disappear once more.
Klein, who had already thrown himself out, rolled twice, reached into his
pocket with his left hand, and once again gently flipped open the iron
cigarette case. He touched Rosago’s All-Black Eye.
Amidst the ravings that caused his tears and snot to constantly flow, Klein
saw more strange black lines, and from their origin, he caught a glimpse of
the invisible Steve.
He was closing in on Sharron, who was slumped to the ground weakly, at
high speeds. He wanted to control her, rescue Jason, and put an end to the
battle.
Sharron was their main target for this operation!
Klein suddenly retracted his left hand, and with a thought, he once again
injected his spirituality into the Sun Brooch.
2! 1!
A holy beam of light descended from the sky, enveloping Sharron from
behind.
Steve, who was wearing a dark red cloak, suddenly appeared a few meters
away, barely avoiding the holy light.
With the augmentation of the Scarlet Lunar Corona, his speed was already
frightening to the point of him being capable of effectively dodging in an
instant!
But at the same time, the genuflecting Klein had raised his right hand and
pulled the trigger of the revolver.
His target was Jason!
A resplendent bullet flew out, aimed directly at Jason’s back, and was about
to “help” him enter the bronze door of mystery.
But at that moment, Steve disappeared and reappeared behind Jason,
blocking the bullet with his open left palm.
Sizzle!
The sunlight from the explosion made him shake his arm in pain. He
narrowed his eyes as his skin was constantly charring and peeling, but it
quickly healed.
Suddenly, he heard a crisp sound!
Klein had snapped his fingers again!
Boom!
A nearby explosive exploded. The resulting shock wave and bullet-like
stones shot out in all directions.
A large number of them landed on Jason’s and Steve’s bodies!
“No!”
With a blood-curdling scream, the clothes on Jason’s side tore apart, and the
quickly-darkening white spots on his skin appeared as if fresh blood was
about to seep out.
To a Zombie with a body as hard as steel, this wasn’t an effective injury, but
to a person like Jason who was struggling to hold on, it was equivalent to
the beckoning of death.
He could no longer hold on as those terrifying arms quickly pulled him into
the crack of the bronze door!
“No…”
Jason’s scream resounded into the distance as the mysterious and illusory
door closed with a clang, devouring the rest of his screams and isolating it
from the world!
The clearing in the middle of the warehouses turned completely silent.
Jason had completely disappeared, as though he had never been born into
this world.
Steve’s eyes widened, and he opened his mouth, letting out an angry
screech, “Damn it!”
Bam!
As his voice resounded, Klein felt as if someone had heavily hammered him
in the head. His vision turned blurry, and whatever he breathed in smelled
of blood. His vision had become blood-red.
For a short time, his ears were filled with buzzing sounds, and he couldn’t
hear anything else.
After Tyre delivered the Scarlet Lunar Corona, he had grown black fur and
sharp fangs. He was no longer immune to its effects and painfully covered
his ears. Blood even flowed out from the corner of his eyes and mouth.
Maric, who should have seized the opportunity to grab him, was in an even
worse state. His desire and malice, which had been suppressed by the
sedative, had reared their heads once more, causing him to almost lose
control of his zombies. His expression was extremely twisted.