Chapter 1295

: The Aftermath from the War’s
Frontlines
“Don’t save me… Don’t save me…”
Being located in Sefirah Castle and having accommodated The Fool’s card,
Klein already had the status of a King of Angels. He no longer suffered any
direct corruption from Mr. Door’s cries, but the contents of the cries made
his scalp tingle. His pupils dilated, and he couldn’t help but feel a sense of
horror surging in his heart.
He originally believed that Mr. Door was constantly shouting for help, but
what he heard now was:
“Don’t save me!”
Amidst Klein’s silence, the weak, wispy voice pierced through his Spirit
Body like needles. After shouting for more than ten seconds, it suddenly
changed.
“Help me… Help me…”
This time, there was a certain change in the language used.
“…” Klein expressionlessly leaned back into his chair and listened for
nearly ten seconds.
Following that, he removed his control over the Master Key and the Scarlet
Lunar Corona’s Historical Void projection, allowing the atmosphere of the
space above the gray fog to completely return to silence.
Phew… He exhaled as he tapped the edge of the long mottled table out of
habit and muttered to himself, Mr. Door is indeed half-mad, but the mad
part isn’t the “Him” who is desperately screaming, but the “Him” who
appears calm, the one that’s able to communicate with people rationally…
The latter can influence the former to a certain extent, distorting the
contents of “His” shouts?
When Mr. Door is lucid, “He” actually shouts “don’t save me”… To a King
of Angels who had been imprisoned for more than a thousand years, this
definitely isn’t a normal reaction. Unless “He” feels that “He” will bring a
disaster that “He” doesn’t wish to see upon returning to reality… A King of
Angels that has completely lost control?
Together with Mr. Door’s communication with the Emperor, and how “He”
had been constantly enticing him to visit the moon which is occupied by an
Outer Deity. There is another possibility to this matter:
Mr. Door, who was exiled, lost the protection left behind by the original
Creator. “He” encountered the corruption of a particular Outer Deity and
lost most of “His” rationality. “His” condition is only slightly better than the
Chained God…
The Apprentice pathway can wander the cosmos at Sequence 3. Mr. Door’s
honorific name also includes the title of “Guide of the endless cosmos”…
Does this mean that before this King of Angels was exiled, “He” might
have already made contact with Outer Deities and came under some
influence?
Yes, what does Miss Magician’s final glimpse of the crimson land, pyramid-
like buildings, and cosmos in a different area represent? This doesn’t seem
like it’s in the current solar system, but it’s a little different from the
mausoleum that a Black Emperor needs… It’s the lair of some Outer Deity
who affected Mr. Door; or should I say that when Mr. Door became a
Planeswalker and left legends behind on other planets with living beings,
this is one of “His” anchor points? It’s highly likely the latter, because when
Miss Magician saw this scene, she didn’t encounter any corruption from the
cosmos…
The more Klein thought about it, the heavier his heart became. This was
because it was possible that this was a reflection of how the apocalypse
would dawn.
The apocalypse was definitely not something that wouldn’t happen by not
thinking about it or pretending not to know!
It’s no wonder Yellow Light Venithan had prophesied that the day when the
curse is removed is the beginning of the true disaster for the Abrahams…
Mr. Door keeps calling for help, causing the Abraham family to be unable
to produce another demigod. Perhaps it’s a certain form of protection…
Although this will make the Abraham family lose their status and most
precious items, making them mediocre, it can at least save their bloodline…
Heh heh, in the prophecy, the solution to resolving the curse is in the hands
of an Apprentice who has obtained the help of a secret existence… Klein
chuckled softly and had an idea about the response to give Miss Magician.
He planned on getting Fors to give a half-truth when informing her teacher.
Firstly, it was to emphasize that Mr. Door was already half-crazy and
extremely dangerous. Even communicating with “Him” implied
tremendous risks. Secondly, it was to not mention the second ritual for the
curse removal. All she would say was about the sacrificing of a Seer, a
Marauder, and an Apprentice demigod.
With the first point, the Abrahams could understand why their ancestor was
insistent on calling for help. This was because “He” had already lost “His”
mind and could do all sorts of terrifying things.
This could effectively eliminate the anxiety of the Abrahams, preventing
them from helping Mr. Door escape, and allowing them to quickly start
believing in The Fool.
The second point was to dispel the small number of extreme Abrahams who
wanted to try their luck. This was because they lacked the ability to
complete such a ritual.
At the same time, informing the Abrahams of the ritual increased the trust
they had in Fors.
Ignoring the small number of Secrets Sorcerers available, those who can
become Bizarro Sorcerers are definitely very difficult to capture.
Furthermore, most of them are concentrated in the Secret Order. To deal
with them is to provoke Zaratul. Even if the Abrahams have a demigod, and
can use a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact for a short period of time, it’s impossible
for them to complete the ritual so easily. Yes, dealing with a Parasite is the
most dangerous. If they aren’t careful, they might end up targeting Amon’s
avatar. When that happens, it will be equivalent to serving Amon desserts…
Also, I’ll use The World’s Gehrman Sparrow in the future to remind Miss
Magician to keep her guard up against the Abraham family’s extremists…
Klein thought for a moment before replying Fors’s prayer.
…
After returning from the fog of history to the real world, Klein boarded a
steam locomotive and arrived at the capital of Midseashire. In the past, it
was the second-largest city in Loen, and also the frontline of the recent war,
Constant City.
…The damage suffered here is very serious… After getting off the train and
leaving the platform, Klein stood up high and looked at the industrial city.
Although it was his first time here, he had seen all sorts of pictures of
Constant in newspapers and magazines.
Those photos were all black and white, and they recorded the various
aspects of this city.
Among them, there were three points that left a deep impression on Klein:
Firstly, it was filled with chimneys and tall blast furnaces. It was as though
it was a man-made forest. It gave a striking visual impact, one that was
more representative of industry than Backlund.
Secondly, the majority of the buildings used concrete and steel. They were
more densely built than their counterparts in Backlund.
Thirdly, there were many places that were stained with coal ashes, including
the bodies of humans, but the air quality was better than Backlund because
the sea breeze was strong.
And now, the towering blast furnaces, chimneys, and tall buildings had
become rather sparse. All that was left was a pile of ruins.
However, in comparison, the damage dealt to the factory district was lesser
than the residential areas. This was because there were many steel and
military factories that were equally important to Feysac.
The death toll here is definitely more than 100,000… Klein sighed
inwardly. He carried his luggage and walked down the stairs to the steam
locomotive station and entered Constant City.
On the way to the hotel, he continued his acting as a Miracle Invoker and
randomly chose a young, burly man in his thirties.
“I’m a wandering magician. My best magic trick is to grant anyone’s
wishes. Do you want to try it?” The previously thin-skinned Klein was now
able to strike up a conversation naturally.
The burly man glanced at him and waved his hand impatiently.
“Can you let my father, mother, two brothers, and a child be revived?”
With that said, he didn’t wait for the magician to respond as he walked
towards the nearest public carriage station in a slightly irritable manner. He
struck his left chest with his right fist.
Klein stood where he was and maintained the smile on his lips as he quietly
watched the man leave.
He recalled a magazine he had read on a steam locomotive. It contained
several pages of images reflecting the current state of each cemetery in
Constant City.
The tombstones were similar to the original chimneys and blast furnaces.
The racks that held up urns of ashes resembled tall buildings that had
collapsed…
The entirety of Constant City seemed to be buried in a cemetery.
Retracting his smile, Klein walked around the already dried-up fountain and
walked to a nearby inn.
Along the way, he heard many pedestrians discussing haunted places and
the places with terrifying monsters.
“When I was passing by the Maris River, I heard a lot of people crying in
the water. I didn’t dare to look and ran back into the city like the wind…”
“That’s nothing. I saw something even scarier on 9 Hyacinth Street! There
was a face plastered on the window there! A very pale face!”
“A few passersby disappeared behind my house, and the blood continued all
the way to the nearest ruin, but the police couldn’t find the bodies…”
“How terrifying. May the Goddess bless us!”
“Holy Lord of Storms. Let these ghosts and monsters stay away from us.”
“By the way, City Hall has posted an announcement that we are to report it
to the police the moment such things are discovered.”
From the looks of it, the meatgrinder-like war made it impossible to placate
many corpses, allowing them to turn into ghosts. Phew, most of the time,
some of the dead might not even have their bodies left intact… Yes, there
are definitely many Beyonders who lost control due to a mental breakdown
or from losing their limbs… Also, most of those who didn’t consume the
potion according to the normal procedures also easily lose control… The
Nighthawks and Mandated Punishers will definitely clear up these matters,
but at least in Constant City, people might have encountered plenty of
Beyonder matters for quite a long period of time. After all, some ghosts and
monsters are good at evasion and hiding. They are innately very cunning…
Klein walked straight and gained a new understanding of Constant’s
situation.
Here, encountering supernatural events was no longer a coincidence.
Instead, it was a daily occurrence with a certain probability.
At this moment, Klein saw a group of Nighthawks wearing red gloves and
black trench coats walk across the crossroad ahead of him. However, he
didn’t recognize any of them.
Indeed, the Cathedral of Serenity has sent the Red Gloves team to help…
Uh, what’s happening nearby? Klein nodded indiscernibly and, following
his spiritual intuition, cast his gaze to a particular apartment building behind
a pile of ruins.
On the fourth floor, behind an oriel window, a greatly rotting face was
plastered to the window, looking out through the glass. Pale yellow liquid
with black hints slid down the window one after another.