Chapter 904

: Analysis
The Artisan is suspected to be under the control of a cult or secret
organization? Yet, he’s trying to get The Hermit’s help? Just get The World!
Who knows which waters the Future is in at the moment and how long it
would take to reach there. What’s more, The World can Teleport! After
hearing The Hanged Man’s prayers, Klein subconsciously rebutted his
request, believing that it would delay an opportunity, causing unnecessary
losses.
He then calmed down, believing that with Mr. Hanged Man’s attention to
detail and experience, it was impossible for him to commit such a simple
error. Since he believed that he definitely had his reasons for requesting The
Hermit’s help instead of The World.
This also means that Mr. Hanged Man has determined that the matter hasn’t
reached a critical state that requires immediate action. He even wishes to
observe further to find more clues and details… Besides, since Ma’am
Hermit had offered to provide help in advance, it means that she believes
that, for the time being, her region of activity would overlap with Mr.
Hanged Man’s. If anything really happens, she would be able to rush there
at the fastest speed possible… Or does she too have powers similar to
Teleport? But that’s a very low possibility… Klein tapped the edges of the
mottled table, believing that he should trust Mr. Hanged Man’s experience.
Of course, this also included the fact that Mr. Hanged Man hadn’t described
in detail about his discoveries or areas of suspicion, preventing him from
inferring or divining the truth of the matter.
As his thoughts stirred, Klein threw The Hanged Man’s prayer scene into
the crimson star representing The Hermit.
As he was waiting for Admiral of Stars to reply, he suddenly saw the star
representing The Sun suddenly contract and expand as it produced stacked
layers of prayers.
The City of Silver’s exploration of the former Chief’s mausoleum has some
preliminary results? Klein made a guess as he emanated his spirituality
over.
In accordance with his expectations, Little Sun began recounting everything
that had happened after the three members of the six-member council
opened the former Chief’s mausoleum. This included encountering the
souls of their deceased relatives, the river they crossed which hid countless
strange creatures, and how they faced the incomplete Mythical Creature
form of the former Chief whose body was covered in white feathers. It also
included Shepherd Lovia’s separation of a shadow in an attempt to pounce
onto the illusory tubes that extended out of the former Chief’s body.
However, she was stopped when Colin Iliad used the Fate Siphon charm,
swapping his and the former Chief’s fate for a brief moment, causing a
difference in outcomes.
Thin illusory black tubes… White feathers stained with pale yellow oil…
This sounds familiar… Yes, wasn’t this the main characteristic in the scene
I saw when I divined the abnormality with Azik’s copper whistle? And the
reason that former Chief built the mausoleum was to switch to Sequence 3
Ferryman of the Death pathway… As Klein listened, his mind raced,
joining the dots together and considering what kind of conclusion he could
receive from that.
Soon, he had a bold guess:
The mutation of the City of Silver’s former Chief had a certain connection
with the Numinous Episcopate’s Artificial Death Project!
Although this conclusion sounded inexplicable and unbelievable since the
City of Silver was situated in the completed isolated Forsaken Land of the
Gods, It was a place that could only be entered through certain means via
the Giant King’s Court and ruins of the battle of the gods. Even the seven
deities couldn’t find it or have the power to infiltrate it. However, the
numerous similarities made Klein, who was sensitive to coincidences,
combine the actions of Shepherd Elder Lovia in the operation and eliminate
the other possibilities so as to seriously consider what the two seemingly
unconnected matters might possibly point towards.
From the scene that he received from divination and the experiences of
having white feather grow from the pores of the back of his hands when he
summoned the failed product of Artificial Death, as well as the encounter of
the three City of Silver Elders, he began suspecting that the Numinous
Episcopate’s attempt might have achieved success to a certain degree.
Through a series of sacrificial rituals and the transformation of their own
High-Sequence Beyonders, they influenced Death’s remains via backward
propagation, causing that abstract, illusory Uniqueness which represented a
deity’s authority to generate some form of sentience. This allowed the
object that was only a totem and a concept to come to life!
Hence, this unintelligent object that couldn’t be considered Artificial Death
had begun assimilating the entire ritual, eagerly exerting its influence on
lower Sequence Beyonders of the same pathway.
After reaching certain conditions, the object hidden in the depths of the
black fog could extend thin illusory black tubes, establishing connections
with the target, and draw upon their strength to transform their bodies.
And this method might involve the Underworld or something special about
Death’s domain. It could circumvent the force that isolated the Forsaken
Land of the Gods and make effective contact with the beings within!
Therefore, the shadow that Shepherd Elder Lovia had produced was a
bestowment of the True Creator. Its goal was to follow the thin illusory
black tubes on the former Chief’s body and trace the remains of the
corrupted Death? Perhaps this was how the Mother Tree of Desire replaced
the Chained God back then and seized the corresponding authority…
Thankfully, the current Chief of the City of Silver has a very clear mind. He
knew ahead of time to seek out the secret existence backing Little Sun for
help. By using the Fate Siphon charm, he remarkably foiled the True
Creator’s ploy…
Hmm, from the looks of it, the two powerful Sealed Artifacts of the City of
Silver are good at purification. They’re able to stop the shadow that can
corrupt Death’s remains…
Heh heh, as The Fool, I seem to have crossed the True Creator once again.
Of course, Amon will be the one taking the blame since the Worm of Time
was contributed by “Him”… Through Little Sun’s description and relying
on his own interference, Klein roughly figured out the hidden conflict that
happened during the City of Silver’s exploratory operation.
Meanwhile, he also gained a first look at Shepherd Elder’s mental
condition.
To Lovia, thin illusory black tubes that lead to the outside world was
undoubtedly the key to the City of Silver’s escape from the Forsaken Land
of the Gods. Therefore, she was very certain of her actions this time,
without showing any signs of regret. She would only believe that the Chief
was the one who shattered that hope.
It’s not too terrifying to have someone do evil deeds. What’s most terrifying
is when people who have a martyrish mentality do evil they believe to be
right… Klein couldn’t help but sigh inwardly.
As for why Little Sun knew what happened inside the mausoleum so
clearly, it was obvious that Chief Colin Iliad had informed him during a
casual chat.
At this point, Derrick had already recounted how the three Elders had
retrieved a special Sealed Artifact. It was a Beyonder characteristic left
behind by the former Chief that had fused with his bones.
The former Chief was from the Giant pathway, beginning from Sequence 9
Warrior to Sequence 4 Demon Hunter. The Ferryman potion he consumed
corresponds to the Death pathway’s Sequence 3. The two Beyonder
characteristics mixed together must be weirder and more varied than a
single pathway. Together with the added effects of Artificial Death, the final
Sealed Artifact must be very powerful. Of course, the negative effects will
probably be equally powerful…
Yes, back when the black illusory river was described, the various weird
creatures likely corresponded to the Underworld. This is similar to the scene
I saw in the Berserk Sea. It’s also similar in effect to what Miss Sharron’s
mystical item created… As Klein thought about it, he listened to Little Sun
wrap up the topic of the exploration before mentioning the monster known
as Shapeshifter.
After Derrick finished describing it, Klein felt that Shapeshifters were very
likely Bizarro Banes.
He hurriedly summoned a gold coin from the junk pile and did a divination
to confirm his guess.
With Little Sun’s current strength, there’s no way for him to head to that
city to hunt it. I can only wait until that Chief prays to The Fool once again
or seeks help via Little Sun… Anyway, there’s no rush. I haven’t found the
Spirit World Plunderer yet… Klein nodded indiscernibly.
After requesting Mr. Fool to pass the corresponding information to Mr.
World, Derrick said that he had enough points and could soon exchange for
the Beyonder characteristic for Sequence 5 Vampire and complete the three-
party transaction, so he requested that Mr. Moon prepare himself.
…
On the Future which was slowly cruising across the waters of the Rorsted
Archipelago.
Admiral of Stars Cattleya thanked Mr. Fool and nudged the glasses on her
nose. Opening the window to the captain’s cabin, she shouted to everyone,
“Turn towards Bayam.”
After issuing the command, this pirate admiral curled the corners of her
mouth. She finally had the chance to establish a long-term cooperation with
an Artisan.
But at that moment, she suddenly thought of a problem.
If she easily received the help of an Artisan, would Frank Lee, who hadn’t
been able to obtain a Sequence 5 potion formula, attempt to make the Druid
Beyonder characteristic into an item to expedite his paused experiments?
That’s not a good thing… Cattleya subconsciously raised her hand and
pinched her forehead.
…
On the liner, Klein, who had finished handling the matters, focused on
enjoying his trip.
Due to the Berserk Sea’s abnormal change in weather, the liner he was on
board had chosen to take a further and more roundabout sea route that was
much safer. Furthermore, it was to dock at a harbor named Halman for the
night.
Klein didn’t alight and remained at a window-side table at the upper level’s
restaurant to have his dinner.
While waiting for his food, he casually looked out the window and took in
the local night skyline.
Suddenly, he discovered a suspicious figure with a luggage bag preparing to
board the ship.
The reason why he appeared suspicious wasn’t only because the man was
wearing a black overcoat and tall top hat, but that he wore a scarf that
wrapped his face, hiding his physical features. All that was left were a pair
of eyes.
And that pair of eyes were peeled to the ground, preventing anyone from
discerning his actual appearance.