Chapter 423

: Winds Arise
“Yes, a month or so ago.” Aaron nudged his gold-rimmed glasses and gave
him a positive answer.
A month or so ago? Isn’t that when you were being troubled by Will
Auceptin-related nightmares? Klein was surprised and puzzled, but he
didn’t let his emotions show.
In the blink of an eye, he thought of the two divinations he had made.
Will Auceptin was in a dark room with the sound of running water outside.
Was that symbolizing amniotic fluid or blood? Klein’s heart chilled as he
suddenly understood something.
When he looked at Dr. Aaron again, he wore a rather complicated look in
his eyes.
He suspected that his wife was carrying Will Auceptin, a Snake of Mercury!
In the symbolism of mysticism, the Snake of Fate’s head and tail are
connected, with it devouring its own tail. It implies the cycle of destiny in a
hidden manner… In order to avoid his enemy, Will Auceptin took the
initiative to secretly initiate a new cycle in advance? Klein guessed based
on what he knew.
Dr. Aaron didn’t notice the abnormality he was trying hard to hide. He
smiled and said, “He’ll definitely be a cute guy. When he’s born, I’ll hold a
party to celebrate his arrival. Sherlock, don’t refuse my invitation when the
time comes.”
“Perhaps it’s a she,” Klein replied with a smile.
Frankly speaking, he was curious to see what kind of state the newly born
Snake of Mercury was in.
However, he was also a little afraid and worried. After all, the Snake of
Mercury was a Sequence 1 of the Monster pathway related to fate, and it
also involved the fight for the position of being a deity. No one could be
sure whether the future would be smooth sailing, with peace and bliss.
For Dr. Aaron, I don’t know if it was fortune or misfortune… Whether Will
Auceptin is kind is one matter, but whether or not the other Snake of
Mercury would discover him is another matter… And Will Auceptin hasn’t
done anything as of now. Informing the Nighthawks now would seem a little
cruel. I’ve always understood wild Beyonders… It’s best to just quietly
watch from the sidelines and not get involved, or perhaps taking advantage
of the situation is the best choice… Maybe I made a mistake in my
interpretation and am overthinking things? Perhaps Will Auceptin isn’t a
Snake of Mercury at all! Perhaps the child Mrs. Aaron is carrying is very
normal! Many thoughts flashed through Klein’s mind.
“She? That’s even better.” Aaron said in anticipation.
After some thought, Klein asked another question, “Have you had any
nightmares lately?”
“Occasionally, but they were all normal nightmares. There are no longer
any nightmares of Will Auceptin anymore. Sherlock, thank you for your
guidance,” Aaron said earnestly.
No, no, no, that makes it abnormal. As a keyboard warrior, my limited
general knowledge of psychology tells me that occasionally dreaming of
Will Auceptin would be the natural thing to do. It’s a standard response
from overstimulation. Since Will had caused you so much trouble and left
such a deep impression on you, it would definitely be reflected in your
dreams. Therefore, the correct outcome would be to occasionally dream
about Will Auceptin, but the dream wouldn’t be too clear, to the point of
only knowing that something like that had happened without remembering
the details… Klein was pretty sure.
At that moment, he heard a rustling sound.
He subconsciously looked outside the hall, only to see the darkness in the
air being dispersed by a strong wind, and the thin light-yellow fog was
swept away as a result.
The leafless branches swayed back and forth, and the strong gust of wind
left a clear trail towards the southeast.
A few seconds later, everything returned to normal.
“It’s hard to see such strong winds in Backlund during winter. At least, I
don’t remember anything like it before.” Aaron sighed as he looked out the
window.
That’s not an ordinary wind… What happened? Klein suppressed his
curiosity and made an excuse to go to the bathroom to perform a simple
divination, but he failed to obtain any effective revelations.
He temporarily put this matter to the back of his mind and prepared to head
to the underground shooting range to practice his shooting.
At that moment, a waiter wearing a red vest came through the warm hall
and respectfully said, “Mr. Moriarty, your friend is here for you.”
“Who?” Klein asked in surprise.
“Mr. Ikanser Bernard,” the red-vested attendant answered.
The deacon who’s often forced to “perm his hair”… Why is he suddenly
looking for me? Have there been any new discoveries? Klein immediately
walked to the reception hall of the club.
Ikanser pressed down the hat which had been pushed up by his fluffy hair,
walked over, and said with a lowered voice, “The Mandated Punishers have
found Jason Patrick Beria.”
“How was he found?” Klein asked, half surprised, half curious.
According to his divination, Jason Beria had always been wearing human
skin. His true appearance and aura weren’t what they had assumed they
were. It was almost impossible for him to be found so easily!
Ikanser surveyed the area and said, “I’m not sure. I just received the news.”
He pointed to a small white bird standing on the tree outside the door.
The bird was leisurely cleaning its feathers with its beak.
Before Klein could ask further, Ikanser gave a general account of what had
happened.
“The Mandated Punishers found clues and confirmed Jason’s location.
However, the Devil discovered the danger in advance and managed to kill
two Mandated Punishers and fled before they managed to close in on him.
This infuriated the higher-ups of the Church of the Lord of Storms. As such,
Spellsinger of God, Ace Snake, is currently personally in pursuit. You likely
saw a gust of wind just now. It was caused by him. He’s the Archbishop of
the Church of the Lord of Storms’s Backlund diocese, and he’s also one of
the Cardinals of the Church of the Lord of Storms.
It sounds normal, but it also feels weird… According to my theory with Mr.
Isengard, this can be also understood as a way for Jason, the Desire
Apostle, to draw away High-Sequence Beyonders… Klein asked after some
deliberation, “Are you sure that the person discovered is Jason Beria?”
Ikanser’s expression instantly turned heavy as he replied with an odd tone,
“I’ll give it a try,” he replied in a strange tone.
He motioned to Klein to follow him out and into a large carriage parked at
the side of the street. There were two members of the Machinery Hivemind
inside.
Ikanser took a deep breath and took out the strange-patterned silver mirror
from a special pocket in his clothes.
After doing the necessary steps, he gloomily said, “Honorable Arrodes, my
question is: ‘Where is Jason Patrick Beria’s current location.’”
The surrounding light suddenly warped, as if they were lights after a rain. A
scene rapidly surfaced on the silver mirror.
It was a riverboat with a sail raised. Jason Beria, with his high cheekbones,
blue eyes with a gray tint, and neatly combed hair, pressed down his cap,
propped up the collar of his coat, and hurried into the cabin.
“He’s really trying to escape Backlund! Spellsinger of God seems to be
heading towards the dock area…” a female Machinery Hivemind member
said in realization.
That’s way too easy for him to be exposed, right? Klein was filled with
doubt.
Ikanser wasn’t concerned with any of this; all his attention was placed on
the silver mirror’s surface.
This time, there was only the choice of answering. Answering it wrongly or
lying meant suffering a terrifying penalty.
Soon, words in blood-red appeared on the mirror:
“If the man you like is covered with lumps; has his skin shed, reducing him
only to flesh and blood; or has become a monster, but it is still able to
communicate with him, will you still like him?”
What a shameful question… Wait, a man? Klein almost turned his head to
look at Ikanser.
Ikanser slowly breathed out and said, “I will, but I will kill him with my
own hands.”
“Very honest.” A new combination of words appeared on the surface of the
silver mirror.
… This question and answer game is simply a public hearing… Klein really
wanted to cover his face.
He looked at the other two Machinery Hivemind members and saw no
abnormalities from them, or perhaps, it should be said that they were
pretending to not have any abnormal expressions. He hesitantly said, “I
keep feeling that all of this has been too easy. Perhaps that’s not the real
Jason Beria?”
“But Jason Beria was directed at him.” Ikanser was planning to put away
the silver mirror.
Klein thought for a few seconds and said after organizing his words, “No,
what I truly mean is that we have to abandon any ingrained judgments.
What we are looking for is that Desire Apostle, not Jason Beria. The two
might not necessarily be the same.
“This is a point that I have to mention as a detective.”
…
On King’s Avenue, a luxurious carriage left the kingdom’s parliament.
The carpeted carriage was furnished with a bed, a sofa, a table, and other
furniture, like a mobile room.
Duke Pallas Negan, who was dressed in a dark blue admiral’s uniform, was
drinking a polished crystal glass of red wine that resembled crimson blood.
As he sampled the wine, he said thoughtfully, “Invite Earl Hall to be my
guest tomorrow. I would like to discuss with him about increasing the
remuneration of the factory workers and improving their working hours, as
well as amending the Poor Law. These are bills he has been pushing hard
for recently. He should be very interested. Heh, why would the Church of
the Evernight Goddess suddenly be concerned over such matters?
“When sending the invitation, you can first inform Earl Hall about the
topics I wish to discuss. The property restrictions for the elections are
necessary and cannot be lowered. Otherwise, those who are in control of a
large number of workers will take up more seats. Also, suppress the recent
attack on the invalid voting districts…”
The secretary at the side quickly scribbled down Duke Negan’s orders.
After he was done, Duke Negan sighed and said, “The reason I’m doing this
is also for the sake of the nobles. However, there are more and more useless
fellows among us, and there’s even quite a number of them who owe money
to the tycoons.”
At that moment, the carriage didn’t turn towards Empress Borough but went
straight ahead.
As the greatest property-owning noble apart from the king, Duke Negan
had many mistresses, but in the relatively conservative Loen Kingdom, this
was something which would leave him vulnerable to his political enemies.
Therefore, even as a noble duke, he still had to sneak around when he went
to his mistress’s place, but this seemed to only give him more pleasure.
Today, he was planning to go to his most beloved mistress of the past two to
three years, a young girl who had just turned twenty.
Duke Negan took out a bottle of medicine made of mummy powder and
drank it. He couldn’t help but touch the accessory hanging from his neck. It
was a dark blue thumb-sized conch.
It was a mystical item that the Church of the Lord of Storms had specially
provided after his last assassination attempt by Qilangos. As long as Duke
Negan blew on it, the Holy Wind Cathedral’s Spellsinger of God, Ace
Snake would hear it and lock onto his position.
In order to protect himself, Duke Negan even moved the residences of his
mistresses to areas near the Holy Wind Cathedral.
The carriage slowly moved until it reached an extremely luxurious building.
At a glance, there was a glass greenhouse filled with bright red roses.