Chapter 697

: Story’s Progress
Everyone can understand each other regardless of the language used?
Klein skipped over Edwina’s first sentence and focused his attention on the
second sentence that didn’t seem too problematic.
Although this was the book world created by Groselle’s Travels, everything
was possible, but there were certain details that still revealed problems.
To Klein, he wasn’t too caught up with how that they could understand each
other, but the kind of method that resulted in the comprehension.
This world incorporates something akin to the rule of language
comprehension, or does it have a conscious residing high above everyone
else, helping in the real-time translation work, just like what I do at the
Tarot Gatherings? If it were the former, targets who don’t understand Jotun
will only hear an unfamiliar language, but they would understand the
meaning. If it were the latter, it will be them hearing a language they’re
familiar with… As he knew many ancient and supernatural languages, Klein
was unable to figure out the situation immediately. He slowed down his
footsteps and walked alongside Danitz. He asked while suppressing his
voice, “Can you tell what language Groselle was using when he was
speaking?”
Danitz was taken aback for a second. He recalled and said, “It’s a language
which sounds a little familiar yet unfamiliar, but I was able to understand
everything.”
The supernatural languages he knew were ancient Hermes, followed by
Elvish. He was only a beginner in Jotun.
Yes, it’s something like the rule of language comprehension… It’s
comprehension at the level of the mind… This means that the entire book
world’s fundamental rules can be different from the outside world. It’s a
setting that it comes with, but the changes don’t seem capable of exceeding
certain limits. This point remains suspect and requires verification. After
all, I can’t eliminate the existence of someone like The Fool, someone who
completely interprets the communication via the mind… Edwina is indeed
sharp and good at observing. The problem she discovered leads straight to
this book world’s essence… Amidst his thoughts, Klein unhurriedly entered
the huge, dark cave.
As for the history described by the members of the main lead’s team, he
wasn’t the least bit surprised. He even looked forward to hearing the details.
Klein long knew that the various Churches and the Northern Continent’s
countries had consciously attempted to destroy or conceal information, to
hide the true history of the Fourth Epoch, Third Epoch, and even the
Second Epoch. What people knew as common knowledge actually differed
from the people who used to live in those eras.
This was also one of the reasons why Klein took on the risk to enter the
book world!
Inside the spacious and windy cave, a bonfire scattered its light and heat on
three humanoid figures.
One of them was a middle-aged man in an extremely spartan white robe. He
had wrinkles but didn’t appear old. He had his back to the fire as he faced
the stone wall with his eyes closed, focused on his prayers. He had short
brown hair, and his shoulders, arms, calves, and feet were exposed,
revealing all kinds of old scars.
Beside him was a lad using a stone for a pillow. He donned a black, heavy
full-body armor. By his hand was an erected black sword that emitted a cold
shimmering light. His facial features were rather deep, giving him clear
Loen traits.
Sitting opposite the two was a man in his thirties who was dressed
strangely. He gave people a sense of unease. He wore a sharp and hard
black hat, and his coat’s buttons were mismatched. It was messy and
chaotic, highly asymmetric and unharmonious.
In addition, the tips of his leather boots curled up high, making him look
like a circus clown.
This man had quite a handsome face. He had flaxen-colored hair, deep
brown eyes, a high nose, and thin lips. Even though he sat there, he gave off
an arrogant feeling.
Edwina pointed at him and said, “Solomon Empire’s Viscount Mobet
Zoroast, a gentleman who can take away the ideals and dreams of others.”
“You don’t have to mince your words. Hello there, I’m a Sequence 5 Dream
Stealer of the Marauder pathway,” Mobet said with a chuckle. He acted
nothing like the arrogance he seemed to exude.
A member of the Zoroast family… The angel parasitizing Leonard’s body is
from this family. Perhaps they know each other? Heh, I now know the name
of Sequence 4 and 5 of the Marauder pathway, but I don’t even know the
corresponding Sequence 6 and 7… Many thoughts flashed through Klein’s
mind as he maintained his stoic look.
At that moment, Anderson warmly greeted him with a smile and asked as
though they were pals, “To be frank, this is the first time I’m hearing of
Dream Stealer. I only know of Marauder and Swindler. There are two
Sequences in the middle I’m not aware of.”
“Are the Beyonders of this pathway already so scarce? Doesn’t Edwina
know? Sequence 7 Cryptologist and Sequence 6 Fire Bandit. Haha, let me
do the introductions.” Mobet warmly pointed to the praying man whose
back was facing everyone. “The pious ascetic, Snowman. He believes in the
Lord that created everything, the omnipotent and omniscient God. Don’t
mind him. He’s completely sealed himself in his beliefs. But in combat, he’s
a very reliable companion. Eh, Snowman, you should say something at the
very least.”
Mobet, who didn’t receive a response, stroked his chin with a rueful smile.
“This is the treatment I often receive. You might find it hard to imagine that
I was an arrogant, reserved, and refined nobleman. But time has changed
everything. Heh heh, that happens when your companion is a giant who
only knows how to chuckle foolishly and shout slogans…”
When he said this, Groselle, who was sitting on a rock, smiled in a simple
and good-natured manner. He raised his hand to scratch the back of his head
as his single vertical eye didn’t show the ferocity and cruelness that giants
were strongly rumored to have.
Mobet shook his head and pointed at the ascetic, Snowman.
“As for him, he might not speak a single word for years or even a decade.
Siatas is a very violent woman. As long as there are any emotional stirrings
in her, she’ll beat me up. Sigh, I’m as afraid of her now as I was infatuated
over her back then. Therefore, I can only make conversation and speak to
them; otherwise, I’ll definitely go mad!
“Thankfully, Frunziar came later. He’s quite the conversationalist. Hey,
Frunziar, wake up! We have new companions!”
The sleeping black-armored knight slowly woke up as he looked at Klein
and company.
Suddenly, there was the sound of metal striking each other as he stood up.
Staring at Klein, he said, “Loenese?”
“Yes,” Klein nodded frankly. He discovered that this Loen soldier who had
gone missing for 165 years didn’t look old. He had black hair and sharp,
blue eyes. He made one submit to him unknowingly.
Frunziar appeared adrift for a moment as he quickly composed himself.
“Do you know of Backlund’s Edward family?”
“Backlund has many Edwards,” Klein replied simply.
“The Edward family that lives at 18 Delahire Street in Northwest Borough,”
Frunziar pressed anxiously.
Klein shook his head.
“Northwest Borough no longer exists.”
“Northwest Borough no longer exists…” Frunziar repeated those words as
his voice grew softer.
He fell silent for a few seconds before exhaling.
“I’ve no idea how many years have passed outside, but it should’ve been
quite a while. Edwina told me the actual year, but I don’t remember the year
I entered… I was sleeping most of the time, and time here seems to be
frozen.”
Mobet Zoroast chuckled upon hearing that.
“That’s because you have bad luck. Back when we were passing through
cities and villages, everything was perfect.”
He looked at Klein, Anderson, and Danitz.
“Back then, we lived in places with humans, with intelligent races. We got
married again and again, seeing our wives turn old, grow weak, and die.
Heh, before a new member joins, we would forget our goals. We would lead
ordinary but happy and relaxed lives for decades or centuries. The only con
is that we aren’t able to bear our own children.
“Later, Frunziar came. We entered this region blanketed by ice and snow.
We hunted many monsters, but gradually, we began to fall into a slumber.
We were seldom awake until we met Edwina.”
This means that time in the book world flows normally. The story’s progress
is maintained by a certain power that influences the main lead’s party.
Before new members join and before the book’s pages flip, they’ll stop and
stay at a certain node, doing other things… This is similar to the inter-
translation of languages at the mind level…
Conversely, does this also mean that towns and villages in the book world
also develop normally? Yes, I have to quickly find King of the North
Ulyssan; otherwise, with the passage of time, we might also experience that
influence and fall into a slumber or forget the main quest. We’ll stay here
for a long period of time until a new member is swallowed into the book
and finds us… Klein fell silent for a few seconds. Just as he was about to
say something, Edwina said, “There’s no need to worry about that problem.
“We will soon encounter the King of the North.”
“Why?” Anderson and Mobet asked in unison.
Edwina surveyed the area and said, “Before I entered, the stuck pages in the
book only had a few more pages.
“And now, with you entering and finding the camp, there definitely can’t be
many pages left. The story is about to come to an end.”
Mobet nodded indiscernibly in agreement with Edwina’s judgment.
Anderson softly mumbled terms such as “stuck.”
Edwina then introduced Klein, Anderson, and Danitz as she made an
example of herself and sat down beside the bonfire.
Klein took off his hat and held it with his cane. He slowly sat down and
looked at Mobet Zoroast who was inclined to chat.
“Have you heard of the Tudor Empire and the Trunsoest Empire?”
He didn’t beat around the bush and asked directly. That was Gehrman
Sparrow’s persona.
“No.” Mobet shook his head. “Edwina has already asked me. Heh, in my
era, the Tudors and Trunsoests were just like my Zoroast family. We’re
aristocratic families of the Solomon Empire and were loyal subjects of the
Black Emperor.”
So the Trunsoest and Tudor families were traitors of the Solomon Empire…
Klein thought and said, “Apart from you, what other aristocratic families
did the Solomon Empire have?”
“Many.” Mobet smiled as he looked at Frunziar. “Augustus, Abraham,
Zaratul, etc. In my era, the Church of the Evernight Goddess’s archenemies
were the Church of the God of Combat and the Southern Continent’s
Eggers family. The Churches of the Lord of Storms, Eternal Blazing Sun,
and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom were all at odds with each other, all
of them hoping to gain the support of the Solomon Empire.”
He paused for two seconds as his expression gradually turned solemn.
“Back then, deities walked the land, and not in the astral world.”