Chapter 407

: The True Adorer
Inside the Harvest Church.
Klein tilted his head to glance at Emlyn White. Without ruining the serene
atmosphere, he deliberately suppressed his voice and laughed, returning
with a question.
“Are you short on money?”
As soon as the words left his mouth, he felt as if he were asking if Emlyn
knew about the multi-level marketing company, Amway.
Emlyn was first taken aback before he scoffed.
“Don’t insult a noble Sanguine with money!”
Klein instantly sneered. Looking at the tall and brawny Father Utravsky in
front of him, he said rather casually, “According to what I know, those
handmade puppets are not cheap. They can even be called expensive,
especially those that are as tall as a human.”
“…” Emlyn gaped his mouth in an attempt to retort, but he failed to say a
word.
After a moment of silence, he coughed lightly, feigned indifference, and
said, “Tell me, what is it that you want my help with? I’m not a Sanguine
who likes riddles.”
Klein didn’t look at the vampire next to him. He smiled and said, “I have a
friend who is about to advance. He needs to collect the relevant Beyonder
ingredients. I wonder if you can help?”
“Are you doubting the capabilities of a Sanguine?” Emlyn White said
arrogantly. “Even if I don’t have them, I can write and inquire from the
nobler Excellencies.”
That’s what I want… Klein immediately responded with a deluge of words,
“Mutated pituitary gland of a Thousand-faced Hunter and 100 ml of its
blood. Characteristic of a Human-skinned Shadow and five strands of a
Deep-sea Naga. As long as I can get any of these, I will pay you the
corresponding price. The cheaper the price, the more you will be rewarded.”
He purposefully increased the number of supplementary ingredients to
avoid any losses.
Upon hearing this description without any stuttering, Emlyn White
suddenly felt as if he had fallen into a trap of sophistry.
He calmed his emotions and said, “The cost for the Beyonder ingredients is
at least 100 pounds, while supplementary ingredients are at least 10 pounds.
Although I’m not clear of the level of the things you want, I believe that
they’re definitely not cheap or common. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have
come to me for help.”
Very smart… Klein laughed.
“Deal!
At this moment, Emlyn White had a deep suspicion that he was asking for
too little.
Therefore, he added, “Mr. Detective, do you have any clues on removing
the psychological cues?”
Seeing that Father Utravsky was concentrating on his prayers at the altar
ahead of them, Klein turned to glance at the vampire and said, “I have the
simplest method.”
“What?” Emlyn White’s red eyes lit up.
“Defeat Bishop Utravsky and snatch his Mental Terror Candle away,” Klein
said with a chuckle. “After you meet up with your parents, you should
possess the strength needed. Are three Sanguines not the match of a single
Dawn Paladin?”
The corners of Emlyn’s mouth twitched as his expression collapsed.
“We lost.
“We couldn’t beat him…
“My parents were nearly captured. That Mental Terror Candle is really
strange…”
So you’ve already tried… The entire family almost converted to become
believers of Mother Earth… Three Sanguines weren’t even able to defeat
Father Utravsky? With the help of the Mental Terror Candle and the Blood
Transfuser, Father Utravsky is that terrifying? Or are vampires too weak?
However, all the rumors point towards vampires being rather powerful…
Klein said in thought, “Then you can write a letter and ask for the help of
the noble Excellencies. There shouldn’t be a lack of powerful experts
among the Sanguine.”
Emlyn White answered with a numb expression, “They refused.”
Suddenly, he looked at Klein with hope.
“Can you defeat Father Utravsky? Or could your friend beat him?”
After receiving the Sun Brooch and the Biological Poison Bottle and
digesting most of the potion, I originally thought that I would be able to
defeat Father Utravsky in my Spirit Body state. However, your description
just now made me uncertain. Is the Mental Terror Candle that bizarre? This
kind of Sealed Artifact is obviously great at restraining Spirit Bodies…
Klein rationally shook his head.
“No way.”
He quickly changed the subject.
“Why would those noble Excellencies of the Sanguine refuse your request?
To them, this should be a simple favor.”
Emlyn White’s face instantly turned ashen.
“They say that Father Utravsky is an adorer of Mother Earth. They do not
wish to enter into direct conflict with him. They are studying means to
remove the psychological cue. For example, they are venturing deep into
the Sonia Sea, the Fog Sea, and the Berserk Sea, in search of the dragons
that have long secluded themselves.”
He added with a smile even uglier than a weeping face, “By the time they
figure it out or find a dragon well-versed in the psyche domain, I might
have already become a devout believer of Mother Earth… I’m beginning to
appreciate how precious life is and how joyful a harvest is.”
An adorer of Mother Earth? Father Utravsky is an adorer of Mother Earth?
It’s no wonder that he has so many mystical items… From the looks of it, as
a powerful pirate, suddenly switching to the Mother Earth wasn’t a simple
matter… Klein sighed, and then he felt a sense of lingering fear.
He had almost agreed to Emlyn White’s request to attempt to defeat Father
Utravsky.
If I lose, then I might even be locked up in the basement and forced into
confinement. If I win, I might just offend another deity, no—there’s no way
of me winning. The adorer of Mother Earth definitely has an appropriate
trump card. If it wasn’t for Father Utravsky suppressing his split
personality, then I probably wouldn’t have been able to defeat him…
Klein wisely didn’t pursue the topic. He once again looked at Father
Utravsky and said, “You can try to find an organization called the
Psychology Alchemists.”
Otherwise, you’ll have to wait for Miss Justice of our Tarot Club to become
a Psychiatrist. By then, you might be reluctant to break away from the faith
of Mother Earth… Klein silently added.
To him, it was best if Emlyn White also joined the Psychology Alchemists.
That way, if Miss Justice encountered any problems in the organization, he
could help her with other resources, and Klein wouldn’t always have to
summon himself, who was the trinity of The Fool, an adorer, and a believer.
“Psychology Alchemists? I’ve never heard of it.” Emlyn shook his head
disdainfully. “It must be a secret organization that recently appeared.”
“This organization has existed for one or two hundred years, at the very
least.” Klein denied his statement.
“For a Sanguine with a long lifespan, one or two hundred years means it
recently appeared. Among the noble Excellencies, a nap might be as long as
a century,” Emlyn White said proudly.
Without waiting for Klein to speak, he looked ahead, cleared his throat, and
said, “Do you know how to contact that organization?”
Klein was going to answer that there was a man in the Tingen City’s asylum
named Dr. Daxter Guderian, who’s a member of the Psychology
Alchemists, but he stopped those words just before they came out of his
mouth.
With the True Creator targeting me, it’s best that I don’t get involved with
people or matters in Tingen. There’s a certain risk of exposure, and once
exposed, with the Aurora Order’s madness, they would definitely not let
Benson and Melissa go… Klein slightly shook his head and said, “I’ve only
heard of this organization.
“You can write and ask the other Sanguine.”
Emlyn White was disappointed and stopped talking about it. He turned his
head to look at Klein and said, “I’m guessing your friend who’s about to
advance is you.”
Klein looked forward without a care and replied leisurely, “Congratulations,
you got it right.”
“…” Emlyn White was stunned. This was completely different from what
he had expected!
Noticing his change, Klein laughed softly.
“Mr. White, the most suitable job for you isn’t to be an apothecary but to be
an actor.”
Emlyn was stunned at first, but he immediately raised his head arrogantly
and said, “I’m a deep, noble Sanguine. I don’t rely on my looks to make a
living.”
Do you think I’m praising you for being handsome? Klein slowly stood up
and laughed.
“No, I mean, you are very talented at comedy.”
While Emlyn White’s expression froze, he squeezed his way out to the aisle
and said, “Don’t forget what I entrusted you with.”
…
Pritz Harbor, White Oak Street.
Fors Wall took the steam locomotive early in the morning and arrived at the
kingdom’s largest and most important port. She had also booked tickets for
her return trip by boat which was relatively inexpensive.
Taking in the smell of the sea, Fors saw many of the dockworkers who were
in a hurry.
In the middle of each season, the port was swarming with temporary
workers for relatively decent pay, and many poor people living in
Backlund’s East Borough would head southeast on foot and in groups,
traveling a distance of more than 60 kilometers. This was the same thing
they did when harvesting hops.
The roads are wider than Backlund’s, and the air quality isn’t bad, but it’s
relatively dirtier… Fors looked around and found the Fishermen
Association in an old building.
Without much trouble, she met Dorian Gray in an office.
The gentleman was of medium build, with exaggerated arms. His hair was
combed rather neatly, completely unlike most of the members of the
association who had hairstyles that looked like bird nests.
He should also be an Abraham family member… After explaining the
purpose of her visit, Fors passed Lawrence’s will, along with the strange
notebook and the diamond-like Beyonder characteristic.
Dorian received the items with a complicated expression before opening the
will first.
After reading it carefully, he lifted his head and looked earnestly at Fors
with his blue eyes.
“Your kindness and honor are praiseworthy. Ms. Wall, I shall always
remember the help you provided Aulisa and Lawrence.
“Can you accept my gratitude? I wish to invite you to lunch.”
“No problem.” Fors was still wondering how to pass the time before her
ship sailed.
Dorian immediately arranged for her to wait in the next lounge, offering
black tea, snacks, newspapers, and magazines.
Returning to the office, the gentleman opened a hidden cabinet with some
misgivings and took out an item.
It was a pure crystal ball shining with a radiant light.