Chapter 295

: All Ingredients Gathered
Audrey had always had a subconscious understanding that a Rainbow
Salamander = the Rainbow Salamander’s pituitary gland = the size of one’s
palm. To her, it would be something soft with grooves, a Beyonder
ingredient which constantly changed in color.
So, what did that have to do with the three-meter-long colossus in front of
her?
For a moment she was confused, but when she heard Susie’s yelp, she
snapped to her senses. She pretended to be satisfied with the result and said
to the butler, “This is exactly the animal specimen I need.
“Um… It’s just a little bigger than I thought, just a little.
“Take the servants and move them to the warehouse. I’ll study it when I’m
free.”
“Yes, Miss!” Then, the butler immediately instructed the nearby male
servants who were furtively looking at their mistress.
Audrey looked around and, without another word, led Susie into the
manor’s study. Using the excuse that she had to focus on writing a return
letter to her brother, she made all the maids she had brought stay outside.
After the dissection is done, there will be two sets of Rainbow Salamander
pituitary glands… A portion can be used to exchange for a Farsman Rabbit,
just enough to concoct a bottle of the Telepathist potion… Audrey gradually
recovered from her astonishment and confusion as she began to think about
Susie’s advancement.
At that moment, she thought of a serious problem.
She had no idea if Susie had digested the potion or not!
If it hasn’t been completely digested, consuming the Telepathist potion
would easily lead to a loss of control… She isn’t like a human who can
endure through it. Wait, how did she endure it the first time!? Besides, her
current intelligence is about that of a ten-year-old child’s. S-she’s already
learning words in the Loen language, and she said she wishes to read
newspapers and magazines, as well as books… Audrey fell silent for a few
seconds. She glanced at the confused, large golden retriever that sat beside
her.
“Susie, have you completely digested the potion?”
“Digest?” Susie returned with clear articulation, expressing her puzzlement.
Audrey had already told her that what she had taken was a potion, and she
had warned her not to tell anyone, and not to tell any intelligent animals that
could bark or meow.
Audrey nodded her head slowly and heavily.
“It’s a very strange and unique feeling. It feels like something illusory
inside your body breaks down and fuses with your mind. You will vaguely
see illusory stars one after another, and you will be one of them. These stars
will attract each other, in a bid to fuse as one.”
Susie quietly listened to everything, then replied with a light and brisk
voice, “Then I should have completely digested it. I’ve had a similar feeling
before.”
Ah? Susie has completely digested the Spectator potion? B-but no one
taught her the acting method! At most, I would occasionally remind her to
observe more and remain calm… Audrey asked in astonishment, “When did
you digest it?”
“Last month, the month before last, or perhaps even earlier…” Susie tried
her best to recall when. Seeing that her mistress’s expression was getting
odder and odder, she hurriedly wagged her tail and timidly added, “I don’t
remember… I’m just a dog. I won’t purposely remember such things.
Woof.”
Just a dog… But you were only a little slower at digesting than me… Don’t
tell me that when I interact with other Beyonders, I’ll say that when it
comes to digesting potions, I’m a little better than a dog… Pui! Audrey,
what are you thinking! Audrey maintained her elegant smile and politely
praised, “Very good, I mean, on this matter regarding the digestion of the
potion, you did very well.”
…
Returning from Leppard’s place, Klein took a leisurely afternoon nap.
But it wasn’t long before he was awakened by illusory, disconcerting cries.
Male? Is it Mr. Hanged Man or Little Sun? Is one of the final main
ingredients for my potion ready? Klein carefully tried distinguishing who
for a few seconds and soon, forgot about his anger from being awakened.
He quickly got up, took four steps counterclockwise, and went above the
gray fog.
He noticed that the crimson star that symbolized The Hanged Man was
contracting and expanding. Hence, he stretched out his hand, spreading his
spirituality before touching it.
After the usual honorary names of The Fool, The Hanged Man prayed, “…
I’ve already gathered the Dark Patterned Black Panther Spinal Fluid and the
Spring of the Elves Marrow Crystals. Please permit me to hold a sacrificial
ritual and seek your help in handing it to Mr. World.”
That’s pretty fast… The Hanged Man had said that there would be a grand
event among the pirates soon. It seems like it’s not soon, but now… He
always holds back when speaking, never fully speaking the truth… Klein
nodded indiscernibly and said, “Sure.”
After a simple sacrificial ritual, Alger resisted his urge to ask Mr. Fool if the
celestial globe on Admiral of Stars Cattleya had anything to do with “Him.”
At this moment, Klein had already forgotten about him and was admiring
the two Beyonder ingredients on the surface of the long bronze table.
The Dark Patterned Black Panther Spinal Fluid was a seemingly translucent
liquid, but if one looked carefully, they would discover that its clarity was
also divided into different levels. The lower one went, the more transparent
they were at distinct levels. It fully satisfied someone with an obsessive-
compulsive disorder.
The Spring of the Elves Marrow Crystals was similar to a faded egg. Its
shell was very thin, and it looked like it could easily shatter at a touch. Even
without shaking, one could still hear the sound of swishing water inside.
I should be able to get 300 pounds and a formula clue… My Magician is
only short of the true root and juice of the Mist Treant. I wonder when Little
Sun will complete the mission… Klein waited in anticipation.
As for the other supplementary ingredients, he had already bought them at
various stores. For example, the Droplet Gem he needed to buy was
purchased from a jewelry store and he had ground it into powder. 5 grams
was about 2.5 pounds.
The Sun, Derrick, didn’t keep Klein waiting long, and on Wednesday
evening, he whispered a prayer to The Fool that he had prepared the true
root and juice of the Mist Treant and asked him to pass them on to The
World.
The Mist Treant’s true root was heart-shaped, brown, palm-sized, and
wrinkled. It looked like an old man’s skin, but its back was as smooth and
exquisite as a gem. It was slightly expanding and contracting, as though it
had a certain amount of vitality.
Its juice was light green and sparkling, making it look very delicious.
Klein just looked at them, feeling a little smug.
In the present day and age, Sequence 7 was the threshold of a Mid-
Sequence Beyonder.
This meant that a Beyonder would finally be able to bid farewell to the state
of being only slightly stronger than ordinary people in certain aspects. They
would be able to wield a relative abundance of Beyonder powers!
Phew… Klein slowly exhaled, returned to his bedroom, and summoned
himself to bring the Beyonder ingredients into the real world.
He didn’t prepare any additional vessels. He washed an iron pot in the
kitchen a few times and began to concoct the potion according to the steps
of handling the supplementary ingredients before handling the main
ingredients.
With the Clown’s ability at controlling his body, he quickly finished the first
stage, and one by one, he put in the Dark Patterned Black Panther’s spinal
fluid and the Mist Treant’s true root.
Sizzle!
With a jarring sound, a pale white fog suddenly rose and was forcefully
pulled back into the pot by an invisible force.
When everything calmed down, Klein quickly poured every drop of liquid
into a transparent bottle that he had prepared.
That liquid was rather special. It was as if fireworks were constantly being
released from within it. Red, orange, yellow, green, and other colors
constantly scattered, disappeared, and then reappeared again.
This was the Magician potion!
Klein stuck a coin worth 1 pound between his thumb and index finger of his
left hand, flicked it up, and opened his palm to catch it.
He was using divination to confirm if the potion he concocted had
succeeded!
Pa!
The gold coin fell, its portrait faced up, indicating a positive response!
Without any hesitation, Klein put away the gold coin, picked up the potion,
and walked out of the kitchen.
At that moment, the sky was already dark. The gas lamps in the room
hadn’t been lit up yet, causing the surroundings to be in complete darkness.
Only the light near the oriel window created a gloomy scene.
Klein sat down on the sofa and began Cogitation to calm his stirring heart
and dispel all of his emotions temporarily from his body.
After doing all of this, he raised the glass bottle, tipped his head, and drank
the Magician potion.
Gulp! Gulp!
The ice-cold potion went down his throat, and at every moment, it felt like
countless bubbles were bursting.
Klein’s entire body was experiencing this stimulation, and massive amounts
of information flooded his mind, blooming into fireworks.
The veins on his forehead bulged, and his head felt like it was about to
burst!
However, this wasn’t a very difficult situation for Klein to endure. The
terrifying ravings before entering the gray fog and the evil roars of the True
Creator were much more terrifying.
“Hornacis… Flegrea… Hornacis… Flegrea… Hornacis… Flegrea…”
The ethereal temptation echoed again. Klein’s head expanded and
contracted repeatedly before he gradually recovered his thoughts. He began
to consciously restrain his thoughts, outline the spherical light, and slowly
enter a state of Cogitation.
After an unknown period of time, his vision recovered. At the same time, he
felt an itch all over his body, with his arms feeling the worst.
Klein rolled up his sleeves and was surprised to see that one of his arms was
deeply wrinkled, like a centenarian. The other arm had lost its color and had
become translucent. He could directly see his blood vessels, muscles, and
veins.
This… Could it be that I had nearly lost control? No, it shouldn’t be. This
should be the remnant influences… Klein sat on the sofa in the dark, leaning
forward as he watched the anomaly in his arms warily, as if it were a
breeding ground for monsters.
And all of this had nothing to do with Klein. He sat quietly on the sofa in
the darkness, watching his creased skin and the translucent state of his arms
slowly recover. Five to six minutes later, Klein silently sighed as everything
finally returned to normal.
It’s a good thing that no one came knocking on the door or ringing on the
bell… I only chose to advance after completely digesting the Sequence 8
potion. With such severe effects, it would be hard for those Beyonders who
depended on time to grind through the potion. It really is difficult to pass
this stage.
No wonder Captain took nine years…
No wonder Swain, the former Captain of a Mandated Punisher Squad and
owner of the Evil Dragon Bar, didn’t dare to consume the Sequence 7
potion, Seafarer…
After sitting silently for more than ten seconds, Klein slowly stood up.
At that moment, he was already a Mid-Sequence Beyonder.
At that moment, he was already a Magician.