Chapter 1361

: Joint Operation
Pontiff… Danitz jumped in fright, nearly unable to believe the revelation he
had received.
If it wasn’t for the fact that this order directly came from Mr. Fool, he
would have definitely cursed.
Of course, if the person opposite him was Gehrman Sparrow, he would suck
it up.
“Lord Oracle, is there anything else?” The intel supervisor of the Church of
the Sea God saw that Lord Danitz’s expression was rather odd. This left him
a little afraid.
Danitz retracted his thoughts and forced a smile.
“Pay close attention to the development at the Cathedral of Waves.”
“Yes, Lord Oracle.” The intel supervisor heaved a sigh of relief and
hurriedly bowed to bid farewell.
Danitz turned his head and looked at Alger Wilson as he said with a brilliant
smile, “Mr. Fool has already issued a revelation.”
Alger didn’t hesitate. He immediately stood up and pressed his right palm
against his left chest.
Danitz straightened his back and solemnly said, “God said that from this
day forth, Alger shall wear a mask and become the pontiff of the Church of
the Sea God.”
“Mr. Fool’s will is my will!” Alger couldn’t hide his smile as he bowed.
Half of his smile was for Danitz to see, showing his humility, while the
other half was from the bottom of his heart. This was because the revelation
meant two things:
Mr. Fool and the Lord of Storms had reached a certain agreement. With a
tacit understanding, his betrayal would no longer be pursued. Of course, he
had to wear masks and use a fake name to prevent humiliation to the
Church of Storms.
Becoming the pontiff of the Church of the Sea God was a critical step to
reaching the throne of Sea God.
From Alger’s point of view, this meant that he had officially become Mr.
Fool’s subordinate. In the future, be it the exchange for the identity of Sea
God or being the leader of the Church of The Fool, there would be plenty of
opportunities. As for Mr. Fool, “He” was a great existence that was at the
same level as a true god, or even higher. How could “His” proxy not be an
angel?
After the bow, Alger waited patiently for Oracle Danitz to bring him a
silver-black mask.
He received the mask and wore it solemnly.
…
While wearing a red glove, Leonard strolled along the shores of
Midseashire, enjoying the Ru0026R earned from closing a supernatural
case.
As for the mysterious opening of doors and windows last night, he had
already received the orders from the Holy Cathedral not to pursue it through
investigations or learn more about the matter.
Regarding this order, Leonard couldn’t do anything about it because he had
long learned the general truth from Old Man Pallez Zoroast:
Mr. Door had returned to the real world, and Angel of Time Amon took the
opportunity to steal “His” apotheosis ritual and advance to Sequence 0
Error. Almost at the same time, Mr. Fool awakened further. Through Sefirah
Castle, “He” had briefly and weakly connected to Beyonders of the Seer,
Apprentice, and Marauder pathways.
As an angel of the Marauder pathway, Pallez Zoroast was undoubtedly able
to sense the changes in Amon’s corresponding authority and “His”
apotheosis. “He” also discovered that Sefirah Castle had established a
connection with “Him.”
“Old Man, Amon has already advanced to Sequence 0. You shouldn’t be of
much use to ‘Him’ now. Why do you still want to Parasitize my body?”
Leonard took in the fresh morning air as he suppressed his voice and asked
with a hint of concern and confusion.
In his mind, Pallez Zoroast scoffed.
“Naive.
“Do you think that you don’t need my guidance anymore after becoming a
saint and having mastered a lot of mysticism knowledge?”
“You can choose to teach me face-to-face,” Leonard said after some
deliberation.
To him, having an angel “Parasitizing” his body was both a boon and bane
for him.
The good thing was that even if he encountered a real Mythical Creature, he
wouldn’t be completely defenseless. As long as he softly shouted “Old
Man,” the problem might be resolved. In addition, history and various rare
mysticism knowledge from the Fourth Epoch were also rather useful.
The greatest disadvantage was that his life was in the hands of the Parasite.
If the other party had any evil intentions, he couldn’t stop it.
This question was once Leonard’s greatest worry, but it wasn’t too
problematic now. This was because Mr. Fool’s awakening was deepening,
allowing “Him” to completely suppress Pallez Zoroast. Furthermore,
Leonard had also become a high-ranking deacon of the Church of
Evernight. He would definitely be under the watch of the Evernight
Goddess, and he could even be specially marked by “Her.” Under such
circumstances, it was impossible for a deity with the “Concealment”
authority to not discover Pallez Zoroast. If Old Man had any nefarious
thoughts, he would’ve been resolved long ago.
What Leonard was most vexed about was that many things weren’t too
convenient as a result.
Although he was already used to having an old man “Parasitizing” his body,
and he would even casually chat with him while on the toilet, he still
preferred having that time to himself in such situations.
Therefore, he felt that having Old Man leave his body, and letting “Him”
live in his house like an elder would be a better way of getting along with
“Him.” When he needed to deal with more dangerous matters, he could get
Old Man to temporarily “Parasitize” him.
Upon hearing Leonard’s suggestion, Pallez Zoroast scoffed.
“Are you still thinking about removing the “Parasitizing” when you return
home, and ‘Parasitize’ when out?
“Do you think I’m your bodyguard?”
Leonard laughed dryly before saying, “If you haven’t fully recovered and
wish to continue ‘Parasitizing,’ I have no objections.”
Pallez Zoroast fell silent for two seconds before his slightly-aged voice
resounded in Leonard’s mind.
“Next up is actually the most dangerous period. For the position of the Lord
of the Mysteries, The Fool and Amon will definitely have a battle. When
the time comes, under the influence of all kinds of Beyonder characteristics,
angels of the same pathway might be affected. Heh, it’s better to be kept
under the protection of Evernight’s gaze.
“When the Lord of the Mysteries is born, I won’t even bother with you even
if you were to beg me to be ‘Parasitized’!”
Leonard was slightly taken aback as he subconsciously repeated the name.
“Lord of the Mysteries?”
“This isn’t something you can fully understand. Of course, with me around,
there’s no need to worry,” Pallez Zoroast sighed and said with pride.
Leonard was just about to take the opportunity to ask when he suddenly saw
a Red Gloves team member running over with a telegram.
“Reverend, a telegram from the Holy Cathedral,” the team member said
respectfully.
Leonard nodded slightly and received the telegram. He quickly scanned it.
“Head to the Southern Continent and participate in the besieging of the
Rose School of Thought.”
Southern Continent… Rose School of Thought… Leonard narrowed down
to two keywords.
He quickly returned to the largest cathedral in this city and used large-scale
ritualistic magic to establish a connection with the Holy Cathedral. In his
dream, he met the Pope, Ma’am Arianna, and other high-ranking officials.
After a simple exchange, Leonard roughly understood the essence of the
mission:
The various orthodox Churches would delegate three to four demigods to
head to the Southern Continent to besiege the Rose School of Thought
which had become very active after the world war.
This was a long-term mission. As the Rose School of Thought’s demigods
knew how to hide their tracks, they did things in a rather secretive manner,
they weren’t easy to locate or lock onto. It wasn’t easy to deal with them
either.
According to what the Pope had said, it was already considered quite good
to see enough results within three years.
During this process, the Holy Cathedral would observe the situation and
rotate demigods to ensure that the archbishops and high-ranking deacons
were in a relatively stable mental state.
After leaving the dream, Leonard looked around and suppressed his voice.
“Old Man, things are a little strange. Why would the various Churches
suddenly target the Rose School of Thought?”
This wasn’t an easy task. In the past few centuries, it wasn’t as if the
orthodox Churches hadn’t made similar attempts, but they could only
suppress and weaken them, without being capable of eradicating the Rose
School of Thought.
On the one hand, it was because there were cracks in their alliances. There
was suspicion among each other and a lack of cooperation. On the other
hand, due to the Rose School of Thought’s demigods’ indulgence, their
mental states might be abnormal, but when faced with danger, they knew
how to avoid, hide, and conceal. They wouldn’t throw themselves into
danger for no reason.
In addition, with the blessings of the Chained God and the Mother Tree of
Desire, it was difficult for the deities to provide precise guidance for their
actions.
Pallez Zoroast didn’t immediately answer Leonard’s question. After about
ten seconds, “He” sighed and said with a slightly-aged voice, “This is to
eliminate potential threats, and to prepare for the apocalypse.”
Prepare for the apocalypse… Leonard turned agape and wanted to say
something, but he eventually fell silent.
…
Backlund, Harvest Church.
Emlyn White had just entered the hall, but before he could head to his room
and change his clothes, he saw Father Utravsky stand up in the front pew,
like a mountain rising from the ground.
“Earth Mother has instructed us to head to the Southern Continent and bury
the evil-doers.” The Blessed spoke in a low voice.
His voice reverberated in the hall, like a slow clap of thunder, causing the
praying Sanguine believers to open their eyes.
So the dream last night was real… Emlyn was enlightened.
Last night, he dreamed of the Ancestor, and he dreamed that “She” wanted
him to work with Father Utravsky and the Rose School of Thought’s
temperance faction to head to the Southern Continent to deal with the Rose
School of Thought members who believed in the Primordial Moon.
Of course, if there was a chance, the enemies who believed in the Mother
Tree of Desire would not be spared.
As he often had fake revelations, Emlyn didn’t take this dream to heart. He
planned on changing his clothes and completing his prayers before seeking
confirmation with Father Utravsky.
He tersely acknowledged before replying to Father Utravsky in a rather
composed manner.
“There’s no rush.
“I’ll first contact the members of the Rose School of Thought’s temperance
faction.”
Father Utravsky nodded nonchalantly and said, “Select some volunteer
Sanguine too.”
…
In the Intis Republic, in the capital, Trier, a supervisor of an intelligence
agency was assigning tasks to his subordinates.
Suddenly, his vision blurred as he heard a distant voice ring in his ears.
“Orville… Dylan… Orville… Dylan…”