Chapter 592

: Three Advancements in a Week
What has “me receiving the mission the day before yesterday” have to do
with when I find him? If I didn’t need to spend a day waiting for the Snake
of Fate, Will Auceptin, to locate me, I could’ve done so 24 hours earlier…
That’s what professionalism is! Klein answered calmly, “You can choose
not to hear what I have to say.”
Darkwill choked back the words he had prepared as his facial muscles
twitched.
“Go ahead and say it.”
Klein described flatly, “I received intel that Roy King has been captured by
the military and is presently imprisoned in the governor-general’s office.”
News I received from Arrodes… he added inwardly.
“For real?” Darkwill couldn’t hold back again as he widened his eyes and
blurted out a retort.
Klein nodded indiscernibly and said, “My information source is sufficiently
reliable.”
“But I have no way of confirming it…” Darkwill said in hesitation.
“This is because it involves an important Sealed Artifact of the Life School
of Thought,” Klein said directly.
Darkwill immediately jumped in fright as he took two steps back and
looked around warily, afraid that someone had heard what Klein had just
said.
Can this sort of thing be said out on the street? He knows that we’re from
the Life School of Thought, and he knows that Old Man is involved in an
important Sealed Artifact… I only learned of that from my last
communication with him… Darkwill gradually began to believe the
adventurer in front of him.
Klein swept a glance at the owl who swooped down and landed on the
chubby Apothecary’s shoulder.
“You can make your payment.”
“I can’t confirm it. I can’t just believe what you say, right…” Darkwill said
stubbornly.
Then, he saw the eyes of the adventurer in front of him turn abnormally
cold.
He trembled and hurriedly said, “Alright. I’ll barely count it as you
completing the mission.”
Unwillingly, he took out a wad of cash from a secret pocket in his
witchdoctor robes and handed Klein 100 pounds in change.
Although he was a Beyonder, the physical enhancements he obtained from
his job as an Apothecary and Beast Tamer wasn’t enough to play a role in
direct combat. He wasn’t necessarily able to defeat an ordinary person with
a revolver. As for the Beyonder pet he reared, it was also a fellow without
any combat powers. Faced with an experienced and resourceful adventurer
who was also likely a Beyonder, both he and the owl together wasn’t
necessarily his match. All he could do was act as he said.
It wasn’t easy saving up that amount of money… he lamented inwardly.
It was indeed profitable being an Apothecary, even more so when out in the
colonies. There were pirates, sailors, and adventurers. There were all sorts
of people, and the official organizations were more relaxed on enforcing the
rules. He could sell certain banned medicine without anyone coming to
knock at his door. For the past two months, just the customers from the Red
Theater was enough to earn him more than what he previously earned in a
year.
However, as a Beyonder, his expenses were huge as well. The savings he
had had primarily been expended when advancing to Beast Tamer. Later, he
reared a pet and, with great difficulty, bought the potion formula and
ingredients for it. He also purchased defensive charms for himself, leaving
him only a few hundred pounds in savings.
Klein received the cash and, while counting it, verified their authenticity
before putting it in his pocket and leaving.
After seeing Klein’s figure disappear from the alley, Darkwill’s expression
sank.
It’s too dangerous here… Too dangerous… I have to leave as quickly as
possible! As he mumbled, he returned inside his herb store. Once inside, he
dragged a brown suitcase and quickly stuffed all sorts of clothes and cash
which had been folded neatly into it.
Finally, he poured out the notes and coins of different denominations from
the cash register, stuffed them into his pocket, and took the fake
identification documents he had spent a fortune on. With the brown
suitcase, he walked out of his folk herb store.
Looking back at the various medicinal ingredients he hadn’t finished selling
yet, Darkwill’s chubby face clearly twitched.
He took a breath and locked the door while resisting his aching heart. He
went straight for the harbor by getting a rental carriage, heading for
Bayam’s liner ticketing company.
It’s too dangerous, way too dangerous. Old Man has been caught… He’s
been caught… he sat in the carriage and repeated himself silently as he
trembled.
In this state, he finally arrived at the ticketing company, and after paying for
the carriage, he rushed into the lobby and queued up for the liner to East
Balam.
Phew… Phew… Darkwill kept taking a few deep breaths as he closely
followed the customer ahead of him and shifted forward.
“Get me the first ship out of here,” he emphasized to himself.
As he sporadically inched forward, Darkwill finally calmed down.
His expression occasionally turned twisted before quickly calming down.
This repeated numerous times.
When there was only one customer left in front of him, Darkwill paused on
the spot.
Dumbass! You dumbass! he cursed himself and immediately turned around,
carried his suitcase, and walked out the ticketing lobby with his
identification documents.
…
Klein didn’t care how Darkwill was saving his teacher, Roy King. He
believed that it wasn’t something that needed his concern.
They have the Life School of Thought backing them. Even if they recently
fractured, they’re an ancient organization that was born in the early Fifth
Epoch, making it have hundreds of years of history. It has a considerable
heritage. Chubby Apothecary will naturally be able to find someone to
help… If even the Life School of Thought can’t do it, it will be useless even
if I get the entire Tarot Club to help. So there’s no need for me to worry for
him. The military in Bayam has a demigod… Of course, he might not be in
the governor-general’s office and might be in the military base. Inside the
carriage, Klein took out his wallet and looked at the paper crane in it,
wondering if he should immediately throw it above the gray fog.
I’ll wait longer. Perhaps that Snake of Fate, Will Auceptin, might want to
give me some perks… I should prepare a pencil next time. I neglected a
problem. A paper crane is only this big. Using a fountain pen will quickly
leave it without space to write… That will make me unable to contact Will
Auceptin and end up just waiting passively. And I can’t keep the paper
crane on me all day. In a few days, I’ll send it back to the junk pile above
the gray fog. After all, I cannot always have Will Auceptin tracking me. I
have to be careful… Klein quickly made a decision and returned to the
Wind of Azure Inn, packed his suitcase, and checked out of the luxurious
suite.
To his delight, on Danitz’s second time here, he had made a prepayment,
making him responsible for the 5 soli in fees.
Soon, Klein switched to a different district and came to Otum Street, which
was close to Amyris Leaf Bar. He stayed in an inn called Tiana. He got a
clean and simple room which cost him 2 soli 2 pence every day. There was
also a complimentary cup of fruit juice squeezed from the gigantic fruit
named Tiana.
As he drank the slightly sweet milky fruit juice, Klein no longer cared about
his image. He slumped into a reclining chair and decided to daze off and
take a nap for the next two hours before going above the gray fog to browse
through the prayers of his believers to experience the different facades
people have.
…
Backlund, the White family.
Emlyn looked at the blood-red “gem” that appeared in front of him at the
altar, and he seemed to be able to hear it resonating with his blood.
After thanking Mr. Fool, he picked up the gem and felt the uniqueness
flowing within it, so as to confirm that it was the inheritance from a
Sanguine baron.
As long as I prepare the corresponding inheritance ritual and
supplementary ingredients, I’ll become a Baron. And this isn’t difficult at
this stage, Emlyn thought with anticipation and glee. According to the
humans’ system, I would be a Sequence 6 Beyonder. The corresponding
name is Potions Professor!
…
In the blink of an eye, it was Monday again. Above the Fog Sea, a fleet was
tearing through the thin fog and blue sea.
Their flagship was a gigantic sailboat which hung a unique flag on it. It
depicted an eyelash-less eye with ten stars surrounding it.
Admiral of Stars Cattleya stood by the window of the captain’s cabin as she
quietly looked at the sunlight that shone through the thin fog until the wall
clock produced its cuckoo.
She glanced at the time and quickly converted the time to Loen time. She
then pulled the curtains and sat behind her desk.
Placed on the red wooden table were a brass sextant and a light-blue
celestial globe. The latter’s surface had a large swath of blankness, regions
that hadn’t been explored or were impossible to explore.
Cattleya reached out her fingers and played with the celestial globe before
closing her eyes as she awaited The Fool’s summoning.
Before long, a crimson light flooded her eyes, drowning the prepared her
completely.
By the time she got used to the changes, she found herself in the holy
palace propped up with stone columns. She was before a long, mottled
bronze table.
While Miss Justice was greeting everyone energetically, Cattleya also
expressed her respects to Mr. Fool who was still covered in the grayish-
white fog.
She did a simple sweep, and her black eyes with a slight tinge of purple
suddenly constricted.
She realized that The Hanged Man, The Moon, and The Sun who were
sitting opposite her had slight changes in their outward spirituality. It was
different from before!
This indicated that they had advanced!
This meant that they had advanced in the past few days!
In just a week, three Tarot Club members have advanced. It’s likely that The
Hanged Man and The Moon have already reached Sequence 6… Is this a
coincidence? They happened to consume the potion this week? In terms of
probability, there’s a possibility. The Moon and The Sun were purchasing
ingredients last week, but this also serves to show that the Tarot Club
members advance very quickly; otherwise, there wouldn’t be such a
coincidence…
Of course, it’s not strange to advance quickly below Sequence 5 once a
Beyonder masters the acting method and isn’t lacking in resources… From
Sequence 6 to Sequence 5, there’s a need for a ritual, and the digestion
becomes increasingly difficult. It’s difficult for such matters to happen
again… Cattleya retracted her gaze.
Following that, Audrey apologized to Mr. Fool, saying that she hadn’t been
in contact with the Psychology Alchemists recently and wasn’t able to
provide any Roselle diary pages. Fors was in a similar situation. Her teacher
was slow in replying to her, and the cold weather outside left her resistant
against the idea of heading out.
Having just advanced and having many things to settle, Derrick wasn’t able
to produce new ancient myths. Klein could only calmly nod.
Upon seeing this Derrick heaved a sigh of relief and turned his head to the
other end of the long bronze table.
“Mr. World, I’ve obtained the method for separating a Beyonder
characteristic from the mental corruption left by a Rampager.”
Don’t say it so directly… At the other end of the bronze table, Klein’s
expression nearly froze.
Little Sun, although you have promised several times in the past, making
Miss Justice and Mr. Hanged Man know of this matter, can’t you see that
Ma’am Hermit just joined? Klein resisted the urge to facepalm.