Chapter 1020

: Means of a Demoness
As his thoughts raced, Klein suddenly switched positions with his valet,
Enuni, who was in the opposite room.
And under a grapevine 150 meters from the manor’s main building, a
slowly crawling centipede suddenly stiffened before it relaxed.
Almost at the same time, its body vanished from its location. Dwayne
Dante in his blue and white checkered pajamas had appeared.
Klein had swapped places with his marionette again!
He decided to use this method to secretly tail Qonas Kilgor and figure out
where he was going or what he was planning on doing.
Although he could only “move” 150 meters a time, and it took two to three
seconds in between “moves” due to the process of turning the target into a
marionette, this was more concealed compared to Flaming Jump or
Teleport. It made it difficult for Qonas Kilgor to detect him.
After all, he was dealing with a demigod. Even in domains where one’s
spiritual intuition wasn’t the best, a demigod wasn’t to be underestimated!
By the same logic, Klein didn’t rely on Creeping Hunger to hide in the
shadows. This was because it was relatively slow even though it concealed
him rather well. It was impossible for him to catch up to the demigod.
Under the dark night sky, from Maygur Manor to the south bank of the
Tussock River, the rats, snakes, spiders, fish that were active in that stretch
of land stiffened up and turned sluggish.
They were converted into marionettes one after another. With their help,
Klein constantly “moved” without causing a stir. Soon, he arrived at the
south bank of the Tussock River, and after catching up to Qonas Kilgor, he
maintained a distance of one kilometer.
To a Bizarro Sorcerer, even if a marionette were to go beyond his range of
control, it wouldn’t immediately escape from its controlled state or die
immediately. Without a Bizarro Sorcerer’s consciousness as a catalyst, this
process was rather slow and needed nearly ten minutes. Therefore, Klein
wasn’t worried that he would lose Enuni, who was lying in bed, while he
did his tailing. As long as he returned within ten minutes, he could continue
controlling his marionette.
Silently, Klein followed Qonas Kilgor as they went upstream. Passing
through the dense forest, they climbed up a mountain beside the bank.
At this moment, Qonas Kilgor, who wasn’t wearing a vest or coat, suddenly
stopped. He checked his surroundings and widened the range of his search
as though he was trying to claim his territory.
Upon seeing this, Klein didn’t dare stay any longer. He immediately
switched places with his marionettes and retreated repeatedly, pulling away
to a distance of nearly three kilometers from the deputy director of MI9.
At this moment, he gave up control of the marionettes ahead of him. The
death of a few bugs wouldn’t incur any suspicion.
This was all too common in the outskirts and in the forests!
King of the Five Seas Nast can create a fighting environment that’s
favorable for him. Will Qonas Kilgor, who’s also a Black Emperor pathway
demigod, have the ability to demarcate such a region. He can change, boost,
and use certain rules and make whoever tails him expose themselves
without being able to hide? It’s very possible! Klein warily took out a gold
coin he placed in his pajama pocket. He ran it through his fingers and
flipped it.
This time, he deliberately controlled his strength and didn’t produce a
flicking sound. The gold coin flew up in silence and landed in his palm.
Without needing to look down, the gold coin’s face was naturally reflected
in his mind.
It was heads!
This meant that the anomaly ahead contained extreme danger!
As expected of a demigod. Such abilities sure are enviable… However, do
you think you can avoid my “tailing”? Klein scoffed inwardly and found an
abnormally secluded spot and made himself turn into Gehrman Sparrow.
Following that, he clasped his hands and pressed it to his mouth,
whispering:
“Blessed of the sea and spirit world, guardian of the Rorsted Archipelago,
ruler of the undersea creatures, master of tsunamis and storms, the great
Kalvetua…”
After praying, Klein immediately took four steps counterclockwise and
arrived above the gray fog. He sat at The Fool’s seat and beckoned for the
bone scepter with blue gems embedded at its tip.
Then, with the help of his prayer, he utilized the Sea God Scepter’s
responding to believers and saw the area around Gehrman Sparrow.
He then raised his field of view and took in the surrounding area. Using this
as the origin, he expanded his vision to five nautical miles. This was the
limit of what the Sea God Scepter could observe with the help of its
believers.
And this way, the area where Qonas Klein had designated—one that no
object could escape his notice-appeared in Klein’s vision.
In the dock area, inside a warehouse with plenty of goods.
“Love…” After Trissy chuckled, her figure grew faint as though she was
bathed in the luster of a lake at night.
In the blink of an eye, Trissy, who had been bound tightly with layers of silk
by Demoness of Unaging Katarina Pelle, turned into an illusory mirror.
It was a full-body mirror taller than a person. Aqueous light shimmered
within as a ghostly halo grew out of it as though it was a door leading to
another world.
At that moment, it didn’t reflect the scene in front of it. Instead, it outlined a
room.
The room was dimly lit. The bed and furniture had been diced up into
countless small pieces which were scattered everywhere. Only the central
region was spick and span.
Trissy stood there, wearing a dark black dress. Her hair cascaded down
smoothly as it fluttered in the wind, accentuating her face’s abnormal
fairness. She looked like a female ghost as spoken in folk tales.
She wasn’t actually present and was using the illusory mirror to project her
figure and strength remotely. It was as though everything was real.
Therefore, she wasn’t flustered at all when she was being controlled and
hunted.
Upon seeing this scene, Katarina Pelle, who wore simple and holy white
robes, didn’t hesitate to let out a shriek.
Invisible waves quickly spread out as her hair flared up, each strand clear
and distinct. They were thick and dyed with a grayish-white color.
The illusory full-body mirror suddenly vibrated and shook as though it was
on the brink of breaking apart.
And in the messy room it reflected, the fragments of the bed, desk, and
chairs turned grayish-white, losing their luster as though they were rocks.
The brownish-yellow floor in front of Trissy turned into grayish-white
rocks as it quickly extended towards the only human in the room like a
surging tidal wave.
Trissy didn’t attempt to resist as she turned around and waved her hand
back while leaping towards the open window.
In midair, invisible spider webs that belonged to her phased into existence.
They turned dark as they spread towards the grayish-white colors.
At the same time, the dark and profound full-body mirror produced one
crack after another. Amidst illusory shattering sounds, it broke apart and
vanished.
However, before the full-body mirror completely vanished, the grayish-
white colors receded in a strange manner inside the petrified room,
materializing into a figure.
The figure wore a simple, holy white robe and had luscious raven-black
hair. She looked both mature and innocent, as though she had a pair of
profound and childlike blue eyes. She was Demoness of Unaging Katarina
who had just been inside the warehouse a moment ago.
Viscount Stratford could no longer see the situation inside the “opposite”
room once the ghostly glow dissipated.
He retracted his gaze and cast it onto Shermane. He wore a mixed look in
his eyes before he recovered.
“Trissy really was patient. To deal with me, she actually spent months to
nurture a new Demoness.” Viscount Stratford shook his head with a
chuckle. “What did she want you to gain from me?”
At that moment, with Trissy’s connection being severed, the spider webs
around Shermane had loosened. They were unable to bind her and restrict
her freedom.
This beautiful girl wore a blank expression as she replied with a vacant look
in her eyes, “She wanted me to know who you are truly loyal to.”
Without waiting for Viscount Stratford to say a word, she asked hesitantly,
her eyes making it obvious that she had difficulty finding the words:
“How many of those promises that you made to me were real?”
Viscount Stratford was taken aback before he chuckled.
“You’re probably the most silly and most naive Demoness I’ve ever met…”
Shermane’s expression froze on her face as the glimmer in her eyes that she
found so hard to regain faded bit by bit.
Outside the warehouse, Xio and Fors were hiding in the shadows, observing
the silent target area.
They had followed Viscount Stratford here!
Their patience had paid off, as they discovered this captain of the royal
guards secretly leaving his mansion in the dead of the night, rushing to the
dock area near the Backlund Bridge.
Using Xio’s power as a Sheriff, they followed him all the way here by
keeping a huge distance between them. They had also confirmed that he had
entered the warehouse in front of them.
In addition, they also sensed that Viscount Stratford’s condition had
worsened as though he had been injured.
“Actually, we had the opportunity to take action while on our way here…”
Fors looked at the warehouse’s entrance and murmured.
Xio replied without looking at her, “But you said it yourself that you have a
nagging feeling that things aren’t that simple and wanted to wait.”
“This might be the intuition of an Astrologer. It might also be an act of
procrastination…” Fors replied in a self- deprecating manner.
They didn’t say anything more as silence ruled once more. They continued
waiting patiently.
At this moment, a pitch-black flame was ignited on the rammed earth in
front of them.
The strange flames rapidly dispersed and kept close to the ground as it
swept away. It then outlined a row of Loenese text:
“This is the chance you’ve been longing for.”
Xio’s and Fors’s pupils dilated at the same time. Then, they looked at each
other, at a loss for words. After a few seconds, Fors finally couldn’t help but
ask, “What do we do?”