Chapter 397

: Apocalyptic Prophecy
Relying on the power of the mysterious space above the gray fog, Klein
quickly recovered a good state of mind and continued to read the second
chapter of the Sights in the Spirit World.
The traveler of the Abraham family, the owner of the notebook, claimed that
when he wandered into the depths of the spirit world, he met an elder
dressed in lemon-yellow robes.
The elder’s body was translucent and was abnormally similar to the
surrounding creatures of the spirit world, but his attitude was surprisingly
amiable.
The traveler from the Abraham family conversed with the elder for a while,
and he was surprised to find out that the elder was actually one of the seven
pure lights that blanketed the spirit world at the highest elevation—”Yellow
Light” Venithan.
Venithan told the traveler of the Abraham family that his own
characteristics were reason and adaptation, that he was the symbol of
astromancy, and that his corresponding gem was emerald.
He made a rather anxious reference to a prophecy that came from himself.
“Focus as the stars fall from the cosmos, shattering the lands. Everything in
the world will cease to exist.”
He believed that this would be the end of the world within two hundred
years. Nothing would be spared from this.
The traveler from the Abraham family didn’t have much of a reaction
towards this comment. Instead, he asked how he could remove the
bloodline curse of his family.
“Yellow Light” Venithan told him that in a certain sense, it was indeed a
curse, but it had a completely different nature from the curses in mysticism.
The solution was in the future, in the hands of an Apprentice who was
assisted by a hidden existence.
He also warned the traveler of the Abraham family that the day the curse
was lifted was the beginning of the Abraham family’s true doom.
As for what the tribulation was, he said that he wasn’t so sure himself. He
believed that it involved a great existence on the level of gods.
In the second chapter of Sights in the Spirit World, the owner of the
notebook mentioned something else—Venithan mentioned another matter.
The rulers of the Great White Brotherhood would often enter the real world,
and through different methods, transform into humans and teach the
knowledge of their respective domains. Since the Fifth Epoch, many of the
mentor-level characters of different domains were their incarnations. For
example, the greatest astrologer, D. Forssmann, in the last thousand years
had proved that their current world was a planet. He was none other than
the human incarnation of Yellow Light, Venithan.
Based on this, the owner of the notebook raised a theory. Which Pure
Light’s incarnation was Roselle Gustav, who could be considered a mentor
in many fields?
No, he wasn’t… If you really want to think like that, then he’s probably a
Green Light… Klein raised his hand and rubbed his temples.
Based on this, he judged that the owner of the notebook wasn’t an
extremely ancient Beyonder. However, judging from the fact that the person
didn’t address Roselle as Emperor, this tour of the spirit world had likely
taken place during the period when Roselle was still a consul, or when his
proclamation as an Emperor was still not widely recognized.
Of course, it didn’t prevent the possibility that Beyonders of the Abraham
family refused to recognize any Emperor other than the Tudor Emperor.
A traveler who can roam the spirit world. It must be quite a high Sequence.
If he were a High-Sequence Beyonder, Mr. Door would’ve long been
rescued, and the so-called bloodline curse would no longer exist. Thus, the
owner of the diary would be a Sequence 5 Beyonder or a Sequence 6 with a
mystical item… Although the Abraham family has declined, they aren’t
weak either… Why is “Yellow Light” Venithan’s prophecy similar to that of
the Demoness Sect and the Aurora Order? The apocalypse is coming? From
the period that I predicted, the apocalypse should only be two to three
decades from now? Klein frowned as he thought.
Roselle became consul in 1173, and it was currently November 1349, 176
years away, and “Yellow Light” Venithan had predicted back then that it
would be within two hundred years. Considering the fact that Klein had
only made an estimate of the period interval, it was possible that he was 24
to 50 years from the apocalypse (Roselle proclaimed himself as Emperor in
1192 and was assassinated in 1198).
Although the first two chapters of Sights in the Spirit World didn’t provide
any practical knowledge, it had thoroughly opened up his sights, allowing
him to understand the situation of the spirit world to a certain extent, as well
as the existence of the seven Pure Lights and the Great White Brotherhood.
So, when advancing, the pure lights seen at extremely high elevations after
transforming into a Spirit Body state and holding the corresponding ritual
are the Pure Lights of the spirit world. Furthermore, they are alive with
their own thoughts… How miraculous…
The first two chapters of Sights in the Spirit World aren’t completely lacking
practical knowledge. At the very least, I know that Yellow Light’s real name
is Venithan and that his corresponding gem is emerald. I got to learn a lot
of detailed information, and I can use this to design secret deed rituals that
point towards him… But for the time being, it wouldn’t be of much use…
Klein thought for a moment, then he closed the copied notebook and
returned to the real world.
He had more important things to do instead of communicating with “Yellow
Light” Venithan.
Klein took out a piece of paper, raised his pen, and wrote a letter to the
inventor, Leppard, asking what stage of the patent approval process the
bicycle was, why it hadn’t been successful, and if he needed a lawyer to
help him. With the establishment of the Magician’s rules, the thorough
digestion of the potion wouldn’t take him more than two months, and he
had to save up as quickly as possible for the corresponding costs of the
Beyonder ingredients that are needed for him to advance to a Faceless.
Of these, The Sun might be able to offer one item for free because of the
All-Black Eye, but the other item required Klein to figure it out for himself.
As far as he knew, the corresponding Beyonder ingredients for Sequence 6
were all over 1500 pounds and were typically in a situation where demand
stripped supply.
In addition to the two main ingredients, the supplementary ingredients
included the blood of a Thousand-faced Hunter and the hair from a Deep-
sea Naga. These two items were extremely rare and rich in spirituality,
making them expensive.
Earning money really is difficult, but spending it is easy… If only I could
sell the Werewolf and Interrogator Beyonder characteristics… I can’t even
waste a single penny or soli… Klein sealed the envelope and adhered a
stamp on it.
He knew how much he had without even needing to count.
624 pounds in notes and five one-pound gold coins, plus seven soli notes
and some copper pennies.
Right. Miss Magician will pay 600 pounds for the Sheriff Beyonder
characteristic meant for Miss Xio. I hope they can raise the money as soon
as possible… Klein silently cheered the two ladies on.
…
“You’re telling me that a Beyonder circle you recently joined has both
Beyonder ingredients of the Sheriff potion, and the price is very reasonable.
600 pounds for all of it?” Xio widened her eyes as she delivered a barrage
of questions.
She had just come back from East Borough to find out who had recently
been keeping tabs on Capim.
“Yes, he’s a very reputable seller. The only problem is that the verification
process for joining is very strict, so I won’t be able to rope you in for a short
period of time.” What Fors said was entirely the truth.
“That’s great!” Xio didn’t suspect her friend, but she took two excited steps
forward.
Suddenly, her expression sank.
“But, I don’t have enough money…”
The corners of Fors’s lips twitched as she asked, “How much do you have
now?”
“Counting the thirty-pound deposit received from this job, a total of 310
pounds, so I’m still short of half!” Xio scratched her short blonde hair. “Let
me think, let me think of where I can borrow 300 pounds… The bank won’t
give a bounty hunter like me a loan, and those usuries have way too much
interest… Perhaps Miss Audrey?”
She had heard from her friend that she had recently bought the Trickmaster
potion recipe for 450 pounds, so she had no intention of borrowing money
from Fors.
“Why are we all so poor?” Fors couldn’t help but sigh. “Miss Audrey rarely
comes out these days. She seems to be busy with other things, and
borrowing money from her isn’t always a timely thing to do. Uh… We can
try Viscount Glaint first. If it’s too late, then I’ll help you pay for the rest. I
have 430 pounds; that’s enough.”
Xio blinked her eyes and suddenly lowered her head. She said in a heavy
voice, “Fors, you’re the best.
“When I advance to Sheriff, I’ll earn even more money!”
Fors smiled and shook her head.
“So, why don’t you do the cleaning today? How about that?”
…
City of Silver.
Derrick left the training field and returned home.
He had just inquired about when the exploratory team members would be
released from quarantine, and he had received the answer: “When the
lightning calms today.”
Sitting down at an ancient wooden table, Derrick considered the plan again,
remembering Mr. Hanged Man’s reminder: “If there’s no suitable audience
to testify for you, then you might as well use the Beyonder who’s monitoring
you.”
But how do I know when I’m being monitored… Mr. Hanged Man said it
with great certainty, but he wasn’t detailed enough… Many questions arose
in Derrick, but he couldn’t find a way to verify them.
Although he felt embarrassed to ask Mr. Fool for guidance on this question,
upon considering the fact that this matter was related to the survival of the
City of Silver, he mustered his courage.
He spoke the name of The Fool in a low voice, and he briefly described the
difficulties he had encountered.
After a while, he saw Mr. Fool sitting in the middle of the endless gray fog.
He heard a concise reply: “Touch the item in the iron box. Do not exceed
three heartbeats. Prepare yourself in advance. Pay attention to the origins of
the black lines.”
That simple? Derrick thanked Mr. Fool in pleasant surprise.
He adjusted his posture and quietly put his hand into the inside pocket of
his clothes.
As the wall of spirituality was lifted, Derrick’s fingers pushed open the iron
box and carefully probed inside.
Suddenly, he touched an ice-cold item, and the black illusory lines appeared
in front of his eyes.
At the same time, his mind buzzed, as if an illusory roar was tearing
through his ears.
Derrick’s body convulsed, and tears and snot streamed down his face due to
the pain.
He almost forgot what he had to do, but fortunately, in the limits of his
vision, he saw the illusory black lines converge.
In that dark corner, there appeared to be a shadow!
Derrick withdrew his hand at once, as though he had touched a red-hot
soldering iron.
He collapsed to the ground and began to twitch as if he had been struck by
lightning. His mouth couldn’t close at all, and saliva constantly dripped
from it.
It took nearly a minute for Derrick to recover, close the box again, and seal
it with a wall of spirituality.
He stood up and took a sip of cold water, already aware that someone was
monitoring him at that very moment.
After an unknown period of time, Derrick suddenly heard a knock on the
door.
“Who is it?” he asked, slightly at a loss.
A jovial voice came from outside.
“It’s me, Darc. The exploratory team has been removed from quarantine.
“Weren’t you interested in knowing about our experience this time?”