Chapter 990

Inner Fears
Almost instinctively, Leonard looked around the table and realized that
none of the other Tarot Club members showed any hint of surprise. Instead,
they were listening attentively.
They knew of it long ago? That’s right. This is only my second gathering. I
haven’t had the chance to learn about many things… The secrets that get
exchanged here sure are plentiful… Leonard retracted his gaze and returned
to his original sitting posture.
After a slight pause, Audrey glanced at Xio, who sat two seats away from
her, before casting her gaze at Mr. Hanged Man. She continued, “He
attempted to cue me to interact with different nobles and understand their
true attitude over different matters. I would then inform him of them.
Thankfully, Mr. Fool had provided me with the blessings of an angel. So I
wasn’t influenced in any way. Uh, what should I do next?”
You can even get blessings from an angel? Leonard looked around in
surprise once more, only to see no reaction from the other members of the
Tarot Club.
Obviously, he wasn’t surprised that Mr. Fool had a few angels in existence
under “Him.” After all, the name and title corresponding to Death Consul
was one that he had heard numerous times.
He was just surprised that the Tarot Club members were able to pray for
assistance at that level. He viewed this secret organization in a new light,
finding it more impressive.
Meanwhile, Xio keenly caught onto a few keywords:
Noble… Psychology Alchemists…
Combining it with the blonde hair, emerald-green eyes of Miss Justice’s
blurry figure, she began to connect it to a particular friend: Audrey Hall!
However, she couldn’t be sure because blonde hair, black hair, blue eyes,
and green eyes were common among the Loen nobles. People just had
different combinations. Besides, no one knew how many members the
Psychology Alchemists had developed in the noble circles. Therefore, Xio
couldn’t directly point it at Miss Audrey from the traits she noticed.
As she tried to do a deeper level of observation, Alger had said, “There’s no
need to pay too much attention to this. The various orthodox Churches will
provide protective measures to their believers with a rather important status.
They will prevent them from being assassinated or hypnotized. This comes
from experience that has been built up over a thousand years of history. It
wouldn’t be that easily overcome. From another angle, if the Psychology
Alchemists really can control the nobles that simply by hypnotizing them,
the ones ruling the country wouldn’t be the royal family and the three
Churches. Clearly, reality is in conflict with that.
“Yes, just as you said, Hvin Rambis only gave you a cue to observe the true
attitudes of the different nobles on different matters. This means that he’s
holding himself back greatly, afraid of doing anything too overboard. It’s to
prevent himself from leaving behind any clues. In addition, your true status
among the nobles should just be in the periphery. You have no way of
directly involving yourself in various political matters. Therefore, in
contrast, the protection and monitoring over you wouldn’t be too strict. This
is also why Hvin Rambis targeted you.”
Mr. Hanged Man’s analysis is really detailed… Although he often taught
Little Sun and the others, he would secretly gain something during the
process, wishing that he could get more useful information from the
feedback. However, there’s none of that this time. Hmm, it’s the same for
the suggestions for the punishment operation from before as well… On
careful thought, his change has been happening for quite some time. It just
wasn’t too obvious in the past. I even missed out on it… Audrey’s
professionalism stirred up as she quickly did a mental analysis of The
Hanged Man.
She quickly had a theory, suspecting that Mr. Hanged Man was trying to
transform his standing within the Tarot Club!
Ever since Ma’am Hermit joined the Tarot Club and showcased her
resources and channels at sea, Mr. Hanged Man has been unknowingly been
searching to transform himself in a bid to distinguish himself from her…
Before problems cropped up with the Artisan, this transformation wasn’t
that obvious. Even Mr. Hanged Man didn’t realize it himself. It was only
recently that he seemed to finally come to a realization and thought it to be
true… Indeed, to maintain one’s standing in the Tarot Club, the raising of
one’s strength is one aspect, but providing help to the entire group is
another aspect… Audrey’s mind raced as she turned her attention back to
the topic at hand.
She pondered for a moment and subconsciously, her tone turned heavy.
“Does this also mean that the orthodox Churches will have certain levels of
surveillance, control, and guidance for the important nobles?”
This was something that she had thought about while in the Loen Charity
Bursary Foundation’s office.
She had subconsciously drawn a scene that represented her concerns on this
matter!
In psychology, elements she drew out in such a state often didn’t point to
something particular. It was more like an abstract expression. The “cold
eyes” mostly represented her fear for people monitoring and controlling her
and her family.
Combining it with her subconscious drawing, her worry of Hvin Rambis’s
cueing, and the celebrant of the Mass at the Church of Evernight her parents
attended being Backlund’s archbishop, Audrey’s interpretation was that not
only was she afraid of the hypnosis and cues of the Psychology Alchemists,
but she had also become fearful of the othordox Churches. She couldn’t be
sure if they would directly use their Beyonder powers to imbue thoughts
into aristocratic believers with high standings, so as to guide them into
doing actions that violated their true will.
This was sacrilegious and rebellious to Audrey, who had received an
orthodox education from a young age. Therefore, she had tensed up back
then, immediately burning that drawing.
After hearing Miss Justice’s question, Alger scoffed.
“Isn’t that very normal? When living in human society, one has to accept a
certain level of surveillance, control, and guidance.
“I know what you’re afraid of, but think about it. Compare someone using
their power conferred from their standing, using money and weapons to
control and guide others, to using Beyonder powers to do something
similar. In essence, is there any difference?
“The difference is that one knows that they don’t wish to do it but ends up
having to do it; the other is that they do not even have the thoughts of being
unwilling to do it.”
Audrey nodded and said, “Yes, this means the loss of freedom of one’s
mind and thoughts. It’s the most terrifying.”
Alger chuckled once more.
“How can there be a completely free mind and thoughts? By choosing your
faith and beliefs, you’re naturally bound by your faith and beliefs. Yes, let’s
focus only on the Loen Kingdom. The three Churches are equal, and
together with the royal family, this creates a balance between each other. If
the Church of Storms goes overboard towards its believers, that believer
can easily convert their faith to the Church of Evernight. Therefore, under
most situations, the orthodox Churches will tend to use their standing and
beliefs as a religion to guide important believers instead of using Beyonder
powers.”
Balance… Audrey pondered over this term. She came to a new realization
of the kingdom’s upper circles and the entire world. This was something she
had come into contact with before but had never deeply understood the
word.
At this moment, many of her thoughts matured.
“Thank you for your explanation, Mr. Hanged Man.” Audrey sincerely
addressed him with an honorary title. “Then, how should I deal with Hvin
Rambis?”
Alger calmly said, “The problem with him isn’t anything to panic about.
You fully have the ability to run circles around him. You can provide him
unimportant information while keeping the core secrets to heart. You can
seek this opportunity to obtain potion formulas and even their Beyonder
ingredients.
“After some time, when there are corresponding changes, you can consider
switching strategies. Of course, you can’t be too careless. Duke Negan is an
example of this mistake.”
Just as he said that, sitting at the bottom of the long mottled table, The
World Gehrman Sparrow glanced at Miss Justice. He said with a hoarse
smile, “When the time comes, even if Hvin Rambis were to die, no one will
suspect you.”
Even if Hvin Rambis were to die… die… He’s a demigod… Mr. World has
plans of attacking Hvin Rambis? Uh, it’s possible. He has always been
investigating Cuarón’s suicide case. He was even the one who informed me
of Hvin Rambis’s true identity… Audrey’s eyes widened slightly as she felt
perturbed.
Even when she hated and felt the most fear towards Hvin Rambis, she had
never had thoughts of killing this Psychology Alchemists councilor. All she
considered was the means to avoid being guided. On the one hand, it was
because she didn’t have such thoughts, and on the other hand, it was
because he was a demigod.
This meant the top-ranking power in the kingdom and Churches!
“I understand what needs to be done. Thank you, all of you.” Audrey drew a
breath and politely thanked them.
…Klein sure sounds bombastic these days. Yes, he even wishes to get rid of
Amon’s avatars in Backlund. Hvin Rambis is really nothing… Leonard
looked at The World Gehrman Sparrow with mixed feelings.
Cattleya and company also remained silent.
With the topic of the Psychology Alchemists coming to an end, Klein
controlled The World Gehrman Sparrow to make him look towards himself.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, I wish to communicate privately with Mr. Star.”
Klein temporarily didn’t wish to let the other members of the Tarot Club
learn about the eradication of Amon’s avatars. It wouldn’t be good for
keeping the matter confidential, and it might lead them to be targeted by
Amon.
“Sure.” The Fool Klein naturally didn’t deny his own request.
As Leonard was feeling poignant at the possibility of private
communication, he informed Klein of the main points in Pallez Zoroast’s
reply. It also included the problem of the Worm of Time Beyonder
characteristics loss.
This made Klein suddenly realize how he could use his Worms of Spirit to
create charms and bullets.
Split off a few and kill them. When the characteristic contained in them
return to my body, the remaining material can also be used like a Worm of
Time!
The only problem is that killing Worms of Spirit deals a certain level of
damage to myself. After all, each Worm of Spirit contains a part of my
Spirit Body. Yes, I have to limit the number each time. Only after I fully
recover can I do it again… In thought, Klein got The World Gehrman
Sparrow to reply, “I will try my best to confirm if a blessing of
Concealment is possible before I give you an answer.
“If there’s no problem, we can attempt to seek out Sealed Artifacts of the
Marauder pathway at the demigod level. Of course, I will try to think of the
means to identify the grafting of fate.”
Klein wasn’t sure if “observation” from above the gray fog would allow
him to see the truth of fate, just like how he was able to see his believers
being parasitized. Hence, he planned on using the Paper crane to contact
Snake of Mercury Will Auceptin and gain his expert opinion.
“Alright.” As Leonard grumbled about how Old Man would’ve recovered
further if demigod-level Sealed Artifacts at the Marauder pathway were that
easy to find, he nodded slightly in response.