Chapter 984

Active Response
Klein didn’t directly teleport back to 160 Böklund Street. Instead, he went
to sea with Enuni, found a secluded spot, and chanted the honorific name of
The Fool.
Then, he took four steps counterclockwise and went above the gray fog.
With a beckon, he summoned a paper figurine.
Immediately after that, he picked up one of the Cards of Blasphemy on the
long bronze table in front of him, and he placed it inside his body.
Klein suddenly had an additional dark red robe. This appearance seemed to
look like rust and settled gunpowder that had been stained by copious
amounts of blood. As for his face, it was covered by a dark gold mask. The
patterns on its were ancient and set off a contrasting appearance with the
crown he wore that was embedded with gems that sparkled red, blue, and
green.
This was a change that the Red Priest card brought about.
After repeated experiments, Klein had confirmed that certain traits of the
Red Angel card were very compatible with the Paper Angel’s interference
effect with fate. It allowed the relevant powers of the mysterious space
above the gray fog to be further enhanced. Therefore, he had chosen it
instead of the Black Emperor or Tyrant cards.
After completing this, Klein, in the form of the Red Priest, picked up a
paper figurine and shook it. He then fused it with the gray fog that surged
over, throwing it at the rippling blob of light that represented him offering a
prayer.
The paper figurine quickly burgeoned, turning into an angel bathed in
golden light. Flames crisscrossed behind it, taking on the form of twelve
pairs of wings.
This War Angel then used the secret connection that was generated from a
prayer to descend upon the world and enveloped Klein and Enuni with its
fiery wings.
Only with this done did Klein relax. Putting down the Red Priest card, he
returned to the real world.
He first sought out food for Creeping Hunger before returning to 160
Böklund Street with Enuni. One transformed back into Dwayne Dantès,
while the other turned into a young man with mixed-blood.
After combing his hair, Klein walked to the balcony of his master bedroom,
looking far into the distance where Macht’s residence stood. He discovered
that the place remained brightly lit, a clear indication that the ball hadn’t
truly ended.
Typically, a ball continued until midnight, and of course, people were
permitted to leave before then. After all, most people that were willing to
dance late into the night were young adults.
Phew… Amon is truly terrifying. Just a battle involving a Marauder
pathway’s demigod was enough to garner his attention, even if one was in
the city and the other was in the suburbs… At “His” level, the law of
Beyonder characteristic convergence should be extremely substantial. Yes, I
can’t eliminate the possibility that the demigod’s mutation while being on
the brink of losing control had caught Amon’s notice… Klein couldn’t help
but recall everything that had happened, afraid that he would find a thin,
monocle-wearing young, refined man sitting in the reclining chair behind
him while sipping from a glass of red wine when he turned around.
He felt lucky that he had already become a demigod and could converge the
aura of the gray fog to prevent Beyonders of particular pathways from
detecting it. Otherwise, with the interest Amon had shown in the past, “His”
focus definitely would’ve been placed on Gehrman Sparrow instead of the
Marauder pathway demigod. If that had been the case, he might not have
left so successfully by teleporting As the Amon in Backlund was likely only
an avatar, Klein was still rather confident of the Paper Angel’s interference.
He believed that this King of Angels had no means to trace him all the way
to 160 Böklund Street from a trail of breadcrumbs and also determine that
he was Dwayne Dantès.
But this still didn’t ease his mind. This was because the Marauder pathway
demigod was involved in Böklund Street as well!
She had encountered Admiral of Blood here and had been forced to trigger
the explosives, finally parasitizing a rat… Here, she had been warned by a
mirror, learning about the Marauder pathway angel who was in need of
replenishments and that Blasphemer Amon was on the way… As she had
refused to answer the mirror’s question, she was struck by lightning, and
had to move to Moose Manor… In addition, Hazel—the target she
attempted to parasitize but was her student on the surface—was influenced
by a powerful illusion tonight, exposing her teacher’s condition… All of
these factors combined might make Amon pay a visit… The more Klein
thought about it, the more unsafe he found Böklund Street.
From his point of view, just the warning about a Marauder pathway angel in
desperate need for replenishments was enough for Amon to take up
“residence” in Böklund Street for a period of time!
Of course, there was an extremely small chance that the Marauder pathway
demigod escaped and that nothing was divulged. However, Klein believed it
was impossible. After all, even he had the confidence of handling the matter
himself, much less Amon who had a certain level of control over Marauder
pathway existences!
Sigh, I shouldn’t have been wary against the grandpa in Leonard. If I wasn’t
worried that “He” would achieve another stage of recovery and cause
Leonard harm, everything would’ve been settled rather quickly. I wouldn’t
be in this situation of attracting Amon… What do I do next? Regardless, I
need to do something. Otherwise, not only will my identity as Dwayne
Dantès be at risk, I might even implicate Leonard on Pinster Street and the
ordinary people on Böklund Street. Who knows if Amon will suddenly
parasitize them or not… As Klein’s thoughts whirled, his expression grew
heavy as he began seriously considering eliminating Amon’s avatar.
His first idea was to establish contact with Leonard and come up with a
plan with the grandpa in him, Pallez Zoroast. With this Marauder angel’s
knowledge of Amon who shared the same pathway, it was likely that “He”
could come up with a good plan.
Klein immediately took out his pen and paper in preparation to write. But
after making a few scribbles with the fountain pen, he paused.
He found the confidentiality lacking because describing in detail might
result in having an effect on fate, allowing Amon to notice it ahead of time!
The more secure method would be to pull Leonard above the gray fog. The
discussion can be held there and have him relay it and discuss it with Pallez
Zoroast… Apart from this, what else can be done? Report it to the Church
and get them to “disinfect” all of Backlund? Klein put down his fountain
pen and muttered silently as he considered other proposals.
He soon gave up the thought of reporting Amon, because Leonard hadn’t
done so previously. With the understanding that the grandpa in him had of
Blasphemer Amon, it implied that this method was useless. Either there was
a huge flaw, or it might end up affecting oneself.
It’s better to ask Leonard first and gain a better situation of the exact
situation before coming to a decision… Klein quickly made up his mind.
He temporarily suppressed the urge to draw the symbol to ask Arrodes or
use the paper crane to contact Snake of Fate Will Auceptin. After dismissing
Enuni, he entered the master bedroom’s bathroom, took four steps
counterclockwise, and arrived above the gray fog.
Sitting at the seat of The Fool, Klein conjured The World Gehrman Sparrow
and made the fake person pray piously:
“Honorable Mr. Fool, please inform Leonard Mitchell that I’ve discovered
traces of Blasphemer Amon. I hope that he can head to your kingdom as
soon as possible to discuss the subsequent actions. The time will be up to
him to decide.”
After throwing the prayer’s content into the crimson star representing
Leonard, Klein added as The Fool, “There’s no need to hide it from Pallez
Zoroast.”
In the outskirts of North Borough, in a sparse forest.
Leonard extended his right hand and held down a blurry wild wolf’s figure.
The wolf whimpered as the flames burning in its eyes dissipated, returning
to normal.
Its body faded away and vanished into the wind. However, it no longer had
the bloodthirsty feeling it previously exuded. All was calm and serene.
In the Northern Continent, after the Pale Era, the seven orthodox Churches,
along with the various nations, jointly pushed for a Cemetery Burial act
which had been strictly carried out to this day. As the number of humans
that turned into ghosts were rare, the only exception involved the difficult-
to-detect deaths in the slums or drowning victims that couldn’t be fished out
in time. However, the spirits of the deceased weren’t only limited to
humans. All kinds of wild animals and all kinds of creatures with
spirituality could become specters under certain conditions. Furthermore, it
was impossible for them to head to human cemeteries to have themselves
interred.
This often resulted in rumors of ghost sightings in the wild.
Just as he put the wild wolf to rest, Leonard suddenly saw a boundless
grayish-white fog appear before his eyes as The World Gehrman Sparrow’s
prayers resounded in his ears.
Traces of Blasphemer Amon. “He” is still in Backlund… Leonard’s eyelids
twitched as he tensed up immediately.
As he had received Mr. Fool’s instructions, he didn’t hesitate to speak with
a suppressed voice:
“Old Man, did you see it? Did you hear it?”
Pallez Zoroast’s slightly-aged voice resounded once again:
“No.
“Although I sensed an anomaly, I didn’t see or hear anything. It will only
happen if I deepen my parasitization of you, allowing me to directly control
your Astral Projection.”
Do you think I’m a fool? Hmm, from the looks of it, Mr. Fool’s response is
done through the Astral Projection… Leonard thought before he said in
deliberation, “Old Man, Klein informed me via Mr. Fool that he has
discovered traces of Amon. He wants me to head over to Mr. Fool’s
kingdom to discuss this matter.
“Do you have any suggestions?”
Pallez Zoroast fell silent for a few seconds before he let out a long sigh.
“If he wishes to deal with Amon’s avatar in Backlund, tell him that unless
he has the blessings of concealment, the outcome will be as you expect it to
be.”
By saying this, Old Man is giving preconditions. “He” means that “He” will
only be willing to cooperate with the blessings of concealment? Leonard’s
mind raced as he immediately found a dark corner and informed The World
Klein via prayer that he could do it immediately.
As for the danger that resulted from losing control of his body in the
wilderness, Leonard wasn’t worried since he still had a Marauder pathway
angel in his
body.
Before long, he saw a crimson tide surge towards him and inundate him.