Chapter 1135

Fragrant
On the Sonia Sea, Pasu Island.
The Blue Avenger, which had been summoned, finally arrived at the
headquarters of the Church of the Lord of Storms. It was docked at a port.
Alger removed the cloth wrapped around his head and jumped off the
shipboard, landing firmly on the dock thanks to the wind.
The Wind-blessed potion he had consumed had long been digested. The
reason why he had done so was to make himself appear more like the other
members of the Church, making them feel a sense of kinship.
Years of experience told Alger that it was best to maintain uniformity with
the people around him most of the time. He didn’t want to appear out of the
ordinary. Under the circumstances where he had plenty of secrets, it was
even more imperative to do so!
“Haha, Alger, control your impatience.” A man who had been waiting at the
dock came forward with a smile.
He had a head of soft yellow hair and a long robe embroidered with
lightning patterns. He was Alger’s former partner, but later on, one chose to
be the captain of a ghost ship and continue floating out at sea, while the
other returned to be a clergyman.
Alger smiled as he raised his right hand and struck his left breast.
“May the Storm be with you.”
“May the Storm be with you.” The yellow-haired man, who was in his
prime, replied with a smile.
He immediately lowered his voice and said, “I heard that you’ve already
adapted to the Wind-blessed potion?”
Yes, it’s very simple. I fly every day and maintain the state of floating. I
often use the wind to travel back and forth in different places to quickly
adapt. I’ve already sent a telegram to report this matter.” Alger arched his
brows to look proud.
The yellow-haired man looked around and maintained his volume from
before.
“It’s no wonder you were summoned back.
“I heard that, because of the ongoing war, there’s a lack of manpower on all
sides. The Council of Cardinals has decided to organize a group of Wind-
blesseds to advance to Sequence 5 as soon as possible. You should be
within those ranks. How enviable. I just became a Wind-blessed, so I don’t
have the chance.”
Organize a group of Wind-blesseds to advance as soon as possible… After
knowing that there might be a world war ahead of time, Alger Wilson
wasn’t surprised. A word suddenly appeared in his mind: cannon fodder!
In fact, just from his contributions for the Bansy Harbor incident, Alger,
who was only a Seafarer back then, could’ve advanced to Ocean Songster
without any obstacles. Furthermore, he was usually hard at work, having
completed countless missions. In the end, he had only become a Wind-
blessed. He had to join the queue for an opportunity to advance to Sequence
5.
And now, there was no need for him to do anything. He was suddenly
placed on the list of candidates, and he would soon enter the ranks of the
quasi-upper echelons of the Church. He couldn’t help but feel suspicious.
Indeed, once a full-scale war begins, the order that prevents people like us
from rising will split apart… However, the most important thing is to
survive the war. Only by surviving will everything be meaningful… As
Alger’s thoughts raced, he asked in surprise, “Sainz, is that true?”
“I can’t be sure. In short, that’s what I heard. Let’s go and catch up. If you
have the chance to become a high-ranking deacon or a cardinal, don’t you
forget us!” The yellow-haired man named Sainz reached out his hand and
patted Alger on the shoulder.
Alger dodged without a trace and replied with a smile, “Definitely.1
In the City of Silver, the expedition team brought back news that there was
a sea on the other side of the Giant King’s Court. All the citizens
temporarily entered a state of excitement.
After two days of waiting, Derrick Berg finally received a notice from the
six-member council, permitting him to receive the Classical Metallurgist’s
potion formula.
This meant that the upper echelons of the City of Silver had agreed to
exchange for the special mushrooms.
The advancement ritual is to personally refine a Stone of Life… What’s a
Stone of Life? There’s no explanation here… Derrick glanced at the
parchment in his hand and began preparing a ritual without much thought.
In his opinion, Mr. Fool definitely knew what the Stone of Life was. He
didn’t need to worry about Mr. World.
After setting up the altar, he took out two metal tubes, each containing the
blood of him and a Dawn Paladin from the City of Silver.
The Dawn Paladin had reached a certain age, and his body could no longer
withstand the corrosive effects of the poison in most foods. In the
foreseeable future, he would gradually reach the end of his life. Two days
ago, his granddaughter had personally delivered the final stab with a sword.
As for Derrick, he had previously obtained the Chiefs approval and found
an opportunity to extract some of the deceased’s blood.
As for the Devil’s blood that Mr. World needed, the City of Silver’s
inventory temporarily didn’t have one. However, Chief Colin Iliad said that,
as long as the mushrooms could satisfy the needs of the City of Silver’s
food requirements, he would organize a small hunting team and go to a
region where Devils appeared.
After placing the two metal tubes and goatskin parchment onto the altar,
Derrick took two steps back and faced the lit candles as he began the
sacrificial ritual.
After a series of tasks, the illusory door that was formed from flames and
spiritual materials opened heavily. After the sacrificial items were taken
away, a dark glow was left behind.
The brilliance slowly faded as large numbers of mushrooms of different
shapes appeared before Derrick’s eyes.
As for whether they “looked” strange, Derrick didn’t even think about it.
This was because he had seen mushrooms once—abnormal ones. Therefore,
he lacked a point of reference for comparison.
After recalling Mr. World’s description of different breeds of mushrooms
and effects, Derrick quickly categorized them and placed them into different
leather handbags.
Immediately after, he picked up the Unshadowed Crucifix excitedly and
prepared to head for the spire.
However, just as his hand touched the bronze cross, he felt it burn and feel
prickly. It was as if a light was seeping out of the rust and shining at the
mushrooms.
“They’re evil and need to be purified…” Derrick was confused, but he
eventually decided to believe in Mr. World.
He hid the Unshadowed Crucifix and carried Thunder God’s Roar. He
walked all the way to the spire and met Chief Colin Iliad.
“Are these the mushrooms?” As he spoke, Demon Hunter Colin’s eyes
reflected two complex dark green symbols. His gaze swept across the
different mushrooms that were either pure white and full, or filled with
flesh.
Yes…” Derrick began introducing them, one by one.
Colin returned to normal and remained silent for a few seconds.
“There’s an evil and tainted aura emitted from them, but they’re in minute
amounts and can be tolerated.
“This must’ve settled down after they devoured the flesh and blood of
monsters.”
He paused for a moment before saying, “Let’s first test their proliferation
ability.”
Following this sentence, a number of City of Silver personnel, who were
prepared to “usher in” the mushrooms, carried a few monster corpses into
the Chiefs room and scattered them over the different kinds of mushrooms.
The moment those mushrooms came into contact with the flesh, they
immediately grew hyphae and burrowed into them.
About twenty to thirty seconds later, they began to rapidly expand and spit
out spores.
After a while, the corpses of those monsters were densely covered with
mushrooms.
However, the mushrooms didn’t stop growing. They kept growing upwards,
and in the end, some of them were even taller than Derrick Berg, facing him
as if they were “looking down” at him.
…Mr. World didn’t say that they would grow this large… Besides, the
speed at which it grows is way too fast… Derrick looked at it in a daze, but
he didn’t think it was a problem.
There wasn’t much of a change in Colin Iliad’s expression. Only after the
monsters were left with skeleton and dregs did he look around.
“It’s better than I expected. Next, who wants to try the effects of eating it?”
Without hesitation, Derrick took a step forward and said, “Your Excellency,
I’ll do it.”
He was in charge of “importing” the mushrooms, so he definitely had to
personally confirm its safety.
Colin Iliad nodded slightly and said, “Okay.”
He then turned his head and said to another City of Silver resident, “Invite
Elder Lovia over to prevent any accidents.” As a Beyonder who controlled
flesh and blood, Lovia could resolve most of the changes in the human
body.
Of course, whether the mutated individual could survive was another
matter.
Everyone waited for a few minutes before Shepherd Lovia, who was
wearing a deep purple robe, arrived in the Chiefs room.
She had just passed through the door when her light gray eyes suddenly
narrowed. She instinctively looked at the mushrooms that occupied most of
the space.
After staring at it for a while, Lovia looked at Colin Iliad and nodded
slightly, indicating that she was ready to provide any help.
Without any hesitation, Derrick Berg chose a black mushroom that was
embedded with blood-red threads and marbling, standing at half his height.
He tore off the mushroom that had wrapped around the skeleton, and he
produced a bonfire and began roasting it.
Gradually, a fragrance that seemed to be able to drill into one’s stomach
emanated out. This was a smell that the residents of the City of Silver had
never smelled before.
Their throats bobbed as they instinctively swallowed a mouthful of saliva.
The bonfire emitted a sizzling sound before the fragrance grew stronger.
This wasn’t the usual sound. It was as if it could make one’s soul yearn for
this strange smell. It was the type that everyone was rather familiar with. It
was the natural desire for Black-Faced Grass food after returning to the City
of Silver, having not eaten them for a long time.
As the sizzling sounds grew louder and frequent, they felt as though a hand
had reached out from their stomachs, eager to grab the food back.
Unknowingly, the other City of Silver residents who had been doing
something else in the spire had followed the fragrance and gathered at the
door.
It took Derrick a great deal of effort to control himself from tasting the
mushroom midway. He waited until it was completely charred yellow on
the outside before he took it back and blew at it.
At that moment, everyone’s eyes were on him, including Colin Iliad and
Shepherd Lovia.
With his faith in Mr. World and Mr. Fool, Derrick didn’t speak. He lowered
his head and bit the mushroom.
“Ssss…” He let out a sound of being scalded before chewing and gulping it
down.
After nearly half of the mushrooms were gone, Derrick raised his head, his
face slightly red. His mouth was glistening with oil as he mumbled, “It’s
such a weird… taste… I can’t help it… I can’t stop…”
Colin Iliad sized up Derrick for a few seconds before turning his head to
look at Shepherd Lovia.
Lovia slowly shook her head and said, “No problem.”
The surrounding people of the City of Silver immediately let out cheers as
they rushed forward and surrounded Derrick. They either wanted to share a
piece or ask him what to do with the other mushrooms.
When Colin saw this, his expression gradually relaxed. He slowly closed
his eyes and lifted his chin.
He took a deep breath of the fragrance that had filled the room.
The City of Silver held a mushroom ritual? Isn’t this a little strange… Also,
what’s a Stone of Life? Yes, the people from the Church of Earth Mother
definitely know, and Frank is no exception… Above the gray fog, as Klein
listened to Little Sun’s latest report, he opened the parchment that he had
received but hadn’t had the chance to read in detail.
The reason why he had rushed back to the real world after the sacrificial
and bestowment ceremony was because the serialized horror stories of
Backlund’s hospitals in several newspapers had reached its climax. Hence,
he received a lot of feedback over the past few days. He was at the critical
moment of having his Bizarro Sorcerer potion digested.
And now, he had already completed this step.
He was already prepared to advance to Scholar of Yore.