Chapter 1126

: Unexpected1
After bringing the wood-colored cane back to the real world, Klein
immediately began the ritual.
He lit the candles and burned the corresponding essential oils and herbal
powder, took two steps back, and skillfully recited the honorific name of the
Goddess. Finally, he said, “I sacrifice this cane filled with life to you. I’m
willing to receive your blessings.”
He didn’t directly mention the Demonic Wolf of Fog’s transformed heart
and White Frost Crystal. This was equivalent to making an equivalent
exchange, not offering sacrificial items and praying for a bestowment.
There was no need to be too meticulous in other aspects of the ritual, but
this was a case of showing his attitude at a fundamental level. He felt that
he needed to be careful.
When Klein finished his sentence, two out of the three candle flames
swelled and intertwined, forming an illusory and dark mysterious door.
The door slowly opened, creating strong invisible winds.
They swept up the Life’s Cane, allowing it to disappear into the seemingly
endless cosmos through the gap of the illusory door.
Immediately following that, there was a flash as two items tore through the
barrier and landed on the altar without making a single sound.
One of them was a strange heart formed by wisps of white mist, and the
other was crystalline frost that emitted cold air.
Klein was delighted as he hurriedly lowered his head to thank the Goddess
for her bestowment.
When he raised his head again, the dark and mysterious door had closed. It
rapidly faded away, and the altar was completely restored to normal.
Phew, it really succeeded… Klein heaved a sigh of relief and took two steps
forward, putting away the Demonic Wolf of Fog’s transformed heart and
White Frost Crystal.
At this moment, the relaxed him couldn’t help but have a thought that he
absolutely couldn’t say out loud.
If I had known that it would go so smoothly, I wouldn’t have had to use my
Life’s Cane…
That huge junk pile might’ve been enough…
Perhaps I didn’t need to sacrifice anything, and the Goddess would’ve
bestowed them to me. The present situation indicates that “She” is
personally supporting me becoming a Scholar of Yore…
Of course, this way, if I receive too many bestowments, who knows what
price I’ll pay in the future. Using Life’s Cane to trade for it makes me feel
more at ease…
Well, from the looks of it, before advancing to Sequence 2 and becoming an
angel, the Goddess will still shower “Her” blessings on me. In the future, it
will be hard to tell what kind of developments and changes will happen…
With this in mind, he reined in his thoughts, ended the ritual, and tidied up
the altar.
Then, he began to plan on how to deal with the Hounds of Fulgrim, the so-
called “Sefirah Castle Keepers.”
A Magician never performs unprepared!
South of the Bridge, Rose Street.
Leonard changed into a black-and-white police uniform and wore a “red
glove.” He led his team members and the real policemen to the only
cathedral of the Church of Earth Mother in Backlund.
The epaulets he was wearing corresponded to a high-ranking inspector. But
in fact, with his status as a captain of a Red Gloves team, he should be
equivalent to a superintendent or even a chief superintendent. However,
officers at that rank wouldn’t involve themselves in such missions. Wearing
those epaulets to the Harvest Church would easily arouse the suspicion of
the public.
After passing through the door, Leonard scanned the area and realized that
it was empty. There were only two figures. One was sitting in the front pew,
focused on praying. The second was the handsome man dressed in a priest’s
robes.
He had black hair and red eyes.
Emlyn White… Leonard nodded secretly as he walked down the aisle to
Bishop Utravsky.
He then coughed twice, making the half-giant bishop open his eyes and
look over.
“I’m an inspector from the Backlund Police Department.” Leonard showed
his identification and said, “We would like to invite you back to assist in
our investigations.”
Father Utravsky stood up slowly and asked in a calm tone despite looking
down at him, “What’s the matter?”
The nearby residents reported your abnormal behavior, saying that it’s
possible that you’re a spy for Feysac or Feynapotter.” Leonard explained
the reason he had long come up with.
At the same time, he was prepared to pull Bishop Utravsky into a dream at
any moment. Once he resisted, he would try to control this Blessed in the
shortest time possible.
With the Red Gloves team’s distribution, as long as they didn’t directly
encounter a true demigod, even if they were to face a Blessed who was in
charge of a Holy Artifact, they would have a good chance of taking down
their opponent.
Furthermore, before Leonard set off, he had applied for a Grade 1 Sealed
Artifact. This was also the reason why he had delayed taking action until
today.
Father Utravsky fell silent for two seconds before turning to look at Emlyn
White, who was standing by the candle stand.
Emlyn’s slightly complicated expression froze. He opened his mouth, but
didn’t know what to say.
Father Utravsky retracted his gaze and nodded slightly.
“Okay.”
…So cooperative? I thought we would experience an intense battle and that
we had to be very careful not to cause any casualties… Leonard was taken
aback before he smiled.
Thank you for your cooperation.”
If there really was a battle that ended up harming a Blessed of Earth
Mother, Leonard suspected that the tense situation would rapidly be
aggravated.
Through the ancient history in Groselle’s Travels and the various secrets he
learned from the Tarot Club, and the corresponding explanations of Old
Man Pallez, Leonard knew that the relationship between the Church of
Earth Mother and the Church of Evernight was like dried timber. It could be
ignited with a tiny spark. When the time came, the history books would
record today’s events.
The war would go from a localized problem to a fuse that ignited the globe!
Leonard Mitchell had lit a religious gunpowder keg!
Phew… Seeing that Father Utravsky didn’t resist and accepted the
“protective custody,” Emlyn White secretly heaved a sigh of relief. He was
very satisfied with his performance at the Tarot Club.
At this moment, the Red Gloves team member, Cindy, looked at Emlyn,
who lacked a level of masculinity due to the gentleness of the soft
moonlight. She lowered her voice and said, “Cap, uh, Sir, there’s still a
priest. Should we take him with us? Yes, we can temporarily shut down the
Harvest Church for some time to prevent any accidents from happening.”
Emlyn:
Leonard:
After a few seconds and repeated deliberation, Leonard finally said, “If the
spy case involves Feynapotter, he would also be considered a suspect. Let’s
invite him back to assist in our investigations.”
Emlyn was stunned, unsure of what expression to show in response.
East Borough, in a two-bedroom rental apartment.
Fors rubbed her dark eye circles and drank the last mouthful of bitter coffee.
She stood up abruptly and began changing her clothes.
“Done writing?” Xio, who was enjoying her breakfast, was taken aback.
It had only been a day and a half!
Fors shook her head and took a deep breath.
“No.
“But I’ve already written the first volume. I can hand it over to the editor of
the publisher. If it’s serialized, there’s no need to finish it all now.”
Xio thought and said, “This is indeed a good idea. It can effectively reduce
your stress.”
Fors’s expression twisted as she closed her eyes.
“I hope so…”
In another rental apartment a few streets away, after a series of tasks, Klein,
who had come up with a plan and made his preparations, put on Creeping
Hunger and quickly turned transparent as he entered the spirit world.
Looking up, he saw the seven pure lights that comprised of seven different
colors. He released the arms of his two marionettes and took out a box. He
removed the wall of spirituality around it, allowing the aura of the Demonic
Wolf of Fog’s transformed heart to emanate from it.
Then, he pulled Enuni while Enuni pulled Qonas. Together, the three of
them rapidly teleported deep into the spirit world.
Along the way, all kinds of strange spirit world creatures passed by them
like oil paintings that depicted hell.
After an unknown period of time, Klein’s premonition for danger suddenly
stirred as a scene quickly appeared in his mind:
Red, black, white, blue, and other colors saturated and overlapped as a
slender figure suddenly appeared.
It looked like a hound. Its entire body was covered in black short fur, and its
eye sockets were two balls of dark-red burning flames. The ends of its
mouth extended to the back of its head. It clearly existed there in its
corporal form, but it gave off an illusory feeling that felt surreal.
Hound of Fulgrim!
Klein immediately turned around and faced it.
He released his two marionettes at the same time, allowing them to wander
in different directions.
In the blink of an eye, the Hound of Fulgrim appeared.
The two dark red flames, which weren’t too deformed but were absolutely
terrifying, turned and looked at Klein.
Right on the heels of that, its figure became more and more illusory. It
instantly disappeared, as though it was a projection from history.
…It ran away just like that? As Klein muttered to himself in shock, he
became even more wary of the possibility of a surprise attack.
More than ten seconds later, two figures phased into existence. They were
covered in black fur, their eyes burning, and the corners of their lips
extended to the back of their heads.
However, there was only one dark red flame left in the eye sockets of each
of the two monsters. The remaining fireballs were in their paws.
Without waiting for Klein to react, the two Hounds of Fulgrim lay down in
the void of the spirit world and wagged their tails.
They wagged their tails.
Klein’s mouth was agape, wondering if he was dreaming.