Chapter 1186

Opportunity and Danger Are Two Sides of the Same Coin
The Fool acknowledged softly and didn’t deny The Hanged Man’s guess,
nor was he certain that it was Queen of Calamity Cohinem. After all, it was
impossible for him to take out a gold coin in front of him and perform a
divination on the spot.
Alger waited for a few seconds. Seeing no clear response from Mr. Fool, he
quickly went into greater detail about what he had said in the prayer. From
the woman suspected to be Queen of Calamity Cohinem saying that he had
some elven blood in him, to how she gave him a promise of becoming a
demigod, as well as the key to the Western Continent and the completion of
the agreement.
After recounting everything, Alger shut his mouth and lowered his head, not
daring to directly ask Mr. Fool what “He” thought. He obediently waited for
the great existence to speak.
Some elven blood… Send something from the Book of Calamity to the
Western Continent… The missing Western Continent might reappear
again… The Western Continent… The Fool Klein listened quietly. He
closed his eyes and calmly said, “This is very dangerous, but this is also an
opportunity for you.”
He had already gained initial control of Sefirah Castle, and the power he
could mobilize had reached the level of a Sequence 2 angel. As for Queen
of Calamity Cohinem, she couldn’t be higher than this level; therefore, he
was quite confident that he could resist the various accidents brought about
by the Elf Queen.
It was precisely because of this that he dared to claim it to be an opportunity
for The Hanged Man.
Of course, the prerequisite for grasping the opportunity was that The
Hanged Man wasn’t rash or went overboard. He had to constantly
remember to ask for protection at all times. Therefore, Klein specially
emphasized that it was very dangerous. He wanted The Hanged Man to
remember to pray to Mr. Fool before he took action.
This short sentence had two meanings to it, but he believed that Mr. Hanged
Man would definitely understand it.
Alger was delighted as he replied rather sincerely, as though he had learned
from The Sun.
“My faith lies only with Mr. Fool!”
These words made Klein feel uneasy as he remembered the pain of being
drowned by endless lightning. He could only smile without saying a word.
Alger deliberated for a moment before asking, “Honorable Mr. Fool, what
are the incantations or commands needed to enter the Western Continent?”
I would like to know that too… The Fool Klein sighed and said, “It’s not
time for you to know.”
“Yes, Mr. Fool.” Alger didn’t ask further as he bowed respectfully.
When he returned to the real world, he immediately walked out of the tent
and led his sailors out. Under the light of the morning sun, he spent a
certain amount of time reaching the elven ruin.
The scene here was identical to what he had seen in his dream. The
withered vines covered the decaying wooden structure, and there were some
areas where the text on monuments could be seen. The air seemed to have
frozen, as though no one had stepped in for a long time.
Looking around, Alger suddenly thought of a question.
How was he to face the Church after he really relied on the Queen of
Calamity to become a demigod?
Directly rebel, becoming the fifth king over the Five Seas—no, the sixth
king? But this way, I won’t have a chance to come into contact with the
Book of Calamity. Unless I design a situation that forces the Church to use
this Sealed Artifact that might’ve been labeled as Grade 0 without my
knowledge. That will not only be very difficult, but I have to become a Sea
King, or even a Calamity to succeed… Yes, I can request The World’s
help… If I wish to continue staying in the Church, I have to give them a
reason that they cannot ignore but is sufficiently believable… Alger
frowned slightly without hiding his solemnity.
In the eyes of the sailors who followed him, this was a sign that he was
worried about the ruin.
As his thoughts churned, Alger gradually came up with ideas:
There are many books in the Church that have records of people turning
into demigods due to a fortuitous encounter… Two-thirds of them were
invaded by evil gods and devils and eventually lost their lives in the
purification process… However, a third of them passed the test and became
a high-ranking deacon or a cardinal…
Now that the war has broken out, the situation in Loen is tense. As long as
there aren’t any problems during the investigation, the Church wouldn’t
mind having an additional Sequence 4 demigod as cannon fodder… Then, I
can slowly gain their trust later…
The prerequisite for all of this is that the Queen of Calamity hasn’t truly
attempted to corrupt me or left a mark on me…
Considering the various Sealed Artifacts in the Church’s possession, I have
to pray for Mr. Fool’s blessings ahead of time… According to Miss Justice,
Angel’s Embrace can effectively hide one’s true thoughts and tests in one’s
dream…
With the members of the Tarot Club beginning to become demigods or
about to become demigods, Alger really didn’t wish to be lining the bottom
of the barrel. Just like in the past, he had done so many things in the
Church, all for the sake of being superior to others. Now, he was naturally
willing to take a certain risk.
With this decision, Alger immediately led his sailors into the ruins and
began exploring the path in his dreams.
This time, he didn’t split his subordinates into small teams. On the one
hand, he was worried that an accident might occur, and on the other hand,
he hoped that they could all be his “witness.”
After fifteen minutes, Alger and his crew arrived beside the giant tree that
had signs of its soil being churned.
Before he could survey his surroundings, his vision blurred, and he saw a
gorgeous palace made up of coral.
Above the palace was a layer of deep blue seawater that rippled outwards.
Giant pillars stood tall and held up an exaggerated dome. It was tall and
beautiful, but also dark and gloomy.
Alger looked around and realized that all the sailors beside him had
disappeared. He immediately knew that he might have been pulled into an
illusion.
He took a silent breath and slowly walked into the coral palace.
There were many elves inside. They were either roasting fish or placing
spices in the coagulated animal blood. Their choice of utensil was two tree
branches to bring the food to their mouths. None of them minded the
entrance of a stranger.
Alger then cast his gaze to the nine-staired stairs a hundred meters away.
On the steps, there was a coral throne inlaid with sapphires, emerald, and
lustrous pearls. The Elf Queen, Queen of Calamity, was sitting there,
looking down at Alger.
“Very good.” Cohinem nodded and threw out the exquisite gold wine glass.
The gentle but resilient wind held the wine cup in its embrace and, like tiny
pixies in a line, carried the corresponding items towards Alger.
Alger reached out to receive it and looked down. He discovered that there
was a blue liquid inside the golden cup. It was incorporeal, dreamy, and
surreal.
“Drink it, and then head to the waters near the Symeem Island of the
Rorsted Archipelago. Find this coral palace. The thing you want is inside.”
“If I don’t drink this ‘wine,’ I won’t be able to see that palace?” Alger asked
thoughtfully.
Although he was facing an angel, he was still able to communicate rather
calmly. This was because he met a mighty figure every week and was
already used to this situation.
Queen of Calamity Cohinem nodded and said, “That’s right.”
“Will you leave a mark on me?” Alger asked cautiously.
“Yes,” Cohinem said coldly. “So, before entering the coral palace and
obtaining the corresponding items, you can’t return to Pasu Island. You
can’t meet the angels under Leodero.”
The pontiff can’t be met even if I want to… Alger heaved a sigh of relief
inwardly before asking, “After I get hold of that item, the effect of this
‘wine’ will disappear?”
Elf Queen Cohinem, replied without any change in expression, “No, you
need to directly consume that characteristic.
“When the time comes, this ‘wine’ will transform into a seal, allowing that
characteristic to temporarily not invade your body. How you prepare the
ritual and explain this to the Church of Storms will be up to you.”
Let the characteristic belong to me first before holding the ritual? This way,
there might be a better way for the Church to accept it… Alger thought for a
moment before raising his hand to bring the wine cup to his lips.
The ice-cold liquid slid down his throat and disappeared in a blink of an
eye. The entire coral palace shattered as the light of dawn and the remnants
of the gigantic green tree reappeared in front of Alger.
You didn’t sign a contract or get me to swear an oath? Yes, drinking that
cup of “wine” is equivalent to making an agreement… Alger retracted his
gaze and said to the surrounding sailors who were unaware, “There’s
nothing here. Let’s go deeper and take a look.”
…
In the ancient palace above the fog.
Klein also retracted his gaze from the crimson star representing The Hanged
Man and nodded thoughtfully.
That’s Siatas and Mobet’s grave… I never expected that golden wine cup to
have such an effect…
That is indeed Elf Queen Cohinem… How’s “Her” present condition? Half
of it is in the Book of Calamity, while the other is hiding somewhere
unknown. “She” was using the golden wine cup or the characteristic to
influence reality?
Mr. Hanged Man hasn’t been contaminated for the time being. I’ll wait for
him to head to the Rorsted Archipelago before making another assessment.
As his true body had a limited amount of time left in the Historical Void,
Klein didn’t stay any longer, and he returned to the pitch-black wilderness.
He carried the lantern that emitted a faint yellow light as he walked towards
a certain location.
As he walked, he turned his head to look east, which was symbolic of
where Chernobyl was. His footsteps slowed down involuntarily.
Once I gather sufficient information from the Dark Demonic Wolf’s former
hiding spots, I’ll head east. I’ll walk all the way until I reach the boundary
and confirm the situation. Then, I’ll consider the matter of the Miracle
Invoker Beyonder characteristic… Amon probably wouldn’t expect that I
would suddenly leave… “He” definitely knows the past of the Dark
Demonic Wolf. It’s impossible for “Him” to do the same kinds of
investigations that I’ll be doing… Yes, but “He” will definitely be tracking
me… Klein exhaled slowly and sped up his pace.
A bolt of lightning streaked across the sky, illuminating the dark and red
desolate plains. Raindrops began dripping down intermittently.
Klein dragged out a black umbrella from the Historical Void. With one hand
holding an umbrella and the other holding the lantern, he proceeded alone.
…
About a week later, the Future was docked somewhere along the long Loen
coastline.
Cattleya held a stack of tarot cards in her hand and said to the sailors—
Nina, and company, “I’ll be staying in Loen for some time. All of you have
to watch Frank and prevent him from doing his strange experiments.”