Chapter 1144

Narrowly
Due to the fact that they had arrived early, the seats that Melissa and
Benson could choose from weren’t too bad. They could directly see
something strange on the grayish-white stone pillars in the middle of the
square. Its two heads dramatically differed in size and were painted with
dark blue paint. It was connected to some cables.
At the foot of the object was a troop of soldiers in red shirts and white
pants. They were carrying grayish-white metal backpacks, as well as
complicated structures and small-caliber rifles. They were watching their
surroundings in high alert.
As more and more citizens gathered, the square began bustling with
activity.
At nine o’clock sharp, the strange object on the stone pillar suddenly
produced sizzling sounds. Finally, it changed into a deep and thick voice:
“Ladies and gentlemen, I’m your emperor, ruler of Loen, East Balam, and
Rorsted Archipelago, George Augustus III.”
…That thing can talk? It’s using the principles behind the telegram?
Melissa’s eyes widened as her attention shifted from the speech to the
strange thing.
…
“Ladies and gentlemen, I’m your emperor, ruler of Loen, East Balam, and
Rorsted Archipelago, George Augustus III.”
At Memorial Square in West Borough, Audrey accompanied her father,
mother, and elder brother near the platform. She looked at the king in his
formal attire as she attentively listened to his speech.
As she knew in advance what George III would be focusing on today, and
the mood that would be created, Audrey didn’t wear anything that she was
fond of. Be it the colors or style, they were nothing a girl would wear. It
was the same as the Earl’s wife, Caitlyn. The dress was simple and
conservative. It was black in color without any traces of accessories.
“…I’m very happy but also feel heavy-hearted to tell everyone that we’ve
finally stopped the first stage of the Feysacian attacks. We’ve foiled their
plans of annihilating Loen within three months…
“…But many outstanding young people have already died at the front lines
and died in this war. They had a better future ahead of them. They
should’ve accompanied their parents in growing up, aging together with
their spouses, and allowing their children to grow up in a loving
environment and have a good childhood…
“…The Feysacians have destroyed everything…”
Knowing why this war had started, Audrey wasn’t incited by the King’s
speech. She only felt that he definitely had talent in inciting drama.
She heard slight sobbing sounds coming from the crowd around her. She
could feel the sadness rising bit by bit as they intertwined and brewed.
Her eyes reddened uncontrollably.
The king’s speech was very fake, but the sorrow of the people was real. In
particular, Audrey had seen many family members who had been killed,
having helped those who had lost their children, husbands, and father
overnight.
This is a great resonance of emotions, the best place to consume the
Manipulator potion… Audrey suddenly came to a realization, but she was
unable to make use of it because, not only had she not digested the
Dreamwalker potion, but she had yet to provide enough contributions to Mr.
World.
She slowly took a deep breath and controlled her emotions. She shifted her
gaze away from King George III and let her thoughts wander.
Mr. World is very concerned about today’s speech. I wonder how he’s going
to exploit this…
I hope it won’t lead to a serious accident…
That thing called a “radio broadcast” is based on the principles of wireless
radio transmission? Mr. World mentioned that certain factions at sea have
already put such technology to use… Compared to the sea which is
constantly affected by storms, something like this is clearly more suitable
for use on land…
As the thoughts flashed through her mind, the stern and old-fashioned
George III finished the first part of his speech and solemnly said, “Let us
mourn for our heroes here. Ladies and gentlemen, recite this together with
me in your hearts:
“In the name of Emperor George III, I wish for the dead heroes to be at
peace. I hope they will become eternal in the kingdom of the deity they
believe in.”
This sentence carried an indescribable sense of dignity, making everyone,
including Audrey, involuntarily lower their heads, clasp their hands, and
silently recite, In the name of Emperor George III…
…
In the name of Emperor George III… On the other side of Memorial
Square, Klein, who was wearing a black coat and an ordinary face, stood
and prayed with the crowd around him at the same time. He appeared
completely normal.
After three minutes of silence, he used an avian marionette standing on the
roof of a nearby building to carefully observe George III’s every move in an
attempt to find a sign that the king was about to quietly leave and enter the
mausoleum to consume the potion.
According to Klein’s understanding, the “in the name of Emperor George
III” segment was core to the entire Black Emperor ritual. If one were to
consume the potion, it would definitely happen at this moment, or within
two to three minutes after the collective mourning. The effects would likely
be lacking if there was any delay.
Eh, George III is also silently mourning. He isn’t doing anything else…
Klein held back his impatience and puzzlement as he patiently waited.
Tears streamed down many people’s faces as the mourning gradually came
to an end. Everyone opened their eyes one after another. At this moment,
George III didn’t do anything. He spoke again and continued his speech.
“We’ve already endured through the most difficult part. We’ll definitely
defeat this evil and brutality. This is the power of justice. This is the power
of every soldier at the front lines. This is the power of every factory
worker…”
This… The arrangement by 0-08 wasn’t successful. George III has no
intention of becoming a god today. He’s just trying to “bait” any enemies
who want to destroy his ritual. In any case, he can still give many more
speeches like this in the future? Klein frowned slightly as thoughts flashed
through his mind.
Suddenly, his expression turned solemn as he thought of a possibility.
In the blink of an eye, Klein switched places with Enuni, who was hiding in
the sewers. The latter was dressed the same as him, and his external
appearance looked identical to him.
Following that, Klein took four steps counterclockwise and went above the
gray fog. With the help of the crimson star representing Miss Justice, he
used his “true vision” to observe the situation in the square.
He was already a Sequence 3 Beyonder, so there was no need for him to use
the Sea God Scepter to widen his field of view. Of course, compared to a
Scholar of Yore, a Sea King’s “true vision” was obviously much larger.
However, there was no need for that.
The moment his gaze landed on the stage where King George III was giving
his speech, his gaze froze. There was no one there, or rather, there was only
a fake “phantom”!
It was an “imagined” George III giving the speech!
Before the speech, Klein had been wary of this problem. He had specially
observed and confirmed that it was the real George III. Who knew that,
within a few minutes, the real George III would become an imaginary
George III.
In the midst of his silence, he had used the Black Emperor pathway’s
powers to distort and silently swap himself with a substitute? George III
should’ve already entered a secret mausoleum and is consuming a potion in
an attempt to advance! With a thought, he quickly checked the surrounding
area and discovered that there was something abnormal beneath the
platform. Boundless black energy was secretly emanating from there.
He then picked up the Black Emperor card on the surface of the long bronze
table and tried sensing it. Using the law of convergence of Beyonder
characteristics, he confirmed that the power belonged to the Black Emperor
pathway and came from “Distortion” powers.
Impressive. While using a speech to “bait” the enemy, he disguised himself
as a fake person and secretly left to consume the potion… There’s not much
time left… Klein’s heart tightened as he immediately returned to the real
world. In the sewers, he recited in Jotun, “The sacred spirit that pursues
knowledge;
“The mysterious world’s lighthouse;
“Eyes that pry into fate;
“The royalty above the sea;
“The pure and holy Bernadette Gustav…”
This was the honorific name of Queen Mystic, but it was somewhat
different from a normal Sequence 3’s. Its range was very large and was
effective all across Backlund. With regards to this, Klein suspected that the
eldest daughter of Emperor Roselle had used a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact to
achieve this effect.
Bernadette rarely told her honorific name to anyone, afraid that some
enemies would use the prayer and automatic response property to lock onto
her position before she reached Sequence 2. This was very similar to what
Klein had thought of.
Klein had come to an agreement with her that, as long as he recited her
honorific name, she would choose any secret mausoleum and open the door
with the symbol drawn by the blood in an attempt to destroy it.
Both of them didn’t have any hopes of success, because the guards in the
mausoleum would definitely chant the honorific names of the angels every
once in a while, causing a situation that allows “Them” to see the
corresponding areas through the prayer point of light. Once “They”
discovered something amiss, “They” would immediately rush over to help.
Bernadette’s main purpose was to attract attention!
Of course, if those angels were to arrive at a slower pace, Queen Mystic
could also go from providing support to being the main offensive force.
After doing this, Klein immediately stretched out his right hand to grab the
air.
As his arm pulled back, a figure appeared in front of him.
It was a woman with average facial features and dark eyes. She wore a
simple robe and a tree bark belt. Her raven-black hair hung down as she
stood bare feet without any shoes or socks.
The Evernight cloister’s matron, the ascetic leader, the Servant of
Concealment, the Grounded Angel, Arianna.
I succeeded in one try… Klein was shocked, but he didn’t think too much
about it. He quickly said, “Keep my existence concealed and protect the
people of Backlund.”
He was worried that after George III lost control due to the destruction of
his ritual, he would rush out of the mausoleum and harm the people of this
city.
“Alright,” Arianna replied with a calm expression. She wasn’t rigid or stiff
at all.
…It can’t be “Her” in person, right… Actually, my summoning wasn’t
successful, but the Goddess had already gotten Ma’am Arianna to secretly
return to Backlund. The moment “She” sensed that “She” had been
summoned, “She” came over… An angel of the concealment domain also
has a certain degree of control over “Their” Historical Void image? As a
thought flashed through his mind, he realized that he had entered a special
state, no longer being sensed by the outside world.