Chapter 1172

“Unperturbed“
Klein stared at the parchment in front of him for a long time without
moving.
After a while, he gently tapped the edge of the long mottled table, causing
all the items that he conjured to disappear.
He summoned his golden pocket watch and opened it to take a look. He
sent a message to Little Sun, informing him to prepare to participate in the
Tarot Gathering.
About a thousand heartbeats later, dark red beams of light rose from the two
sides of the long bronze table, condensing into different figures on different
high-back chairs.
Without any gaps in time, all the members of the Tarot Club looked at the
figure sitting at the very end who was shrouded in gray fog.
Seeing that Mr. Fool wasn’t wearing a monocle, Leonard inwardly heaved a
sigh of relief. Then, he turned around and looked at the bottom of the long,
mottled table to confirm the situation of The World Klein Moretti.
Similar to him, Cattleya, Audrey, and Fors instinctively turned their
attention to The World Gehrman Sparrow after seeing Mr. Fool.
One of them knew that The World was in a dangerous situation and could
only seek Mr. Fool’s blessings. Another had failed to receive any feedback
for two days, and she suspected that Gehrman Sparrow had really been
embroiled in the matter regarding George III, with something definitely
having happened during that time. The final one knew that George III’s
matter was extremely risky, and was a little worried that Mr. World would
suffer serious injuries.
Seeing that The World Gehrman Sparrow was perfectly fine without any
abnormalities, Audrey retracted her gaze, curtsied, and bowed towards the
end of the long bronze table.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~”
With the world situation becoming even more chaotic, she felt a little
comforted by the fact that the Tarot Club could still maintain its original
state. This significantly improved her mood.
After the Tarot Club members bowed under Miss Justice’s lead, The Fool
Klein nodded slightly, indicating for everyone to sit down.
Then, he slowly surveyed the area and smiled.
“It seems all of you were very concerned whether today’s Tarot Gathering
would proceed as usual.”
Upon hearing this, Alger’s heartbeat sped up as he heard thumping sounds.
Without a doubt, he believed that Mr. Fool was referring to him, and was
giving him a gentle punishment.
In other words, “He” had given him a chance to repent.
Alger lowered his head and said with a trembling voice, “We weren’t pious
enough and thought too much.”
Uh… Why is Mr. Hanged Man apologizing on my behalf… Fors, who had
instructed Xio to ask Mr. Fool if the Tarot Gathering would proceed as
scheduled, was stunned for a moment before she gave up on thinking. She
then turned to the end of the long bronze table and lowered her head. She
repeated, “We weren’t pious enough and thought too much.”
So I wasn’t the only one who prayed to Mr. Fool over the past few days…
Mr. Hanged Man claims to have overthought things because there was a
possibility that the Tarot Gathering would be canceled, causing him to have
some unnecessary speculations? But Fors shouldn’t have thought of that…
Audrey looked across the table and then to her sides, feeling enlightened.
The Fool nodded and looked around again.
“Such concern is considered normal.”
He laughed and sighed.
“I’ve recently used The World’s body to play a game with Amon in the
Forsaken Land of the Gods. Thankfully, we didn’t have to skip this Tarot
Gathering.”
Everything he said was the truth, but what the others would decipher from
this information was definitely far from the actual situation.
And this way, even if the news of The World Gehrman Sparrow being equal
to The Fool was released, the members of the Tarot Club would only sneer
in their hearts that Amon was trying “His” deceitful tricks again. To have a
period of time that The World was equal to The Fool didn’t necessarily
mean that The World was always equal to The Fool. A portion of the truth
was also a lie.
Played a game with Amon… Old Man’s guess was right. Mr. Fool was
deliberately using Klein to bait Blasphemer Amon… From the looks of it,
“He” had obtained a rather satisfactory outcome, allowing Amon to suffer a
terrible loss… Leonard, who had long come up with speculations, felt that
this was completely in line with his expectations and didn’t doubt Mr.
Fool’s words at all.
Mr. Fool didn’t reply for fifteen minutes because “He” was in a critical
moment battling Amon? “He” has already recovered to such a state? Audrey
was pleasantly surprised and shocked when she heard that. For some
reason, she felt a strong sense of honor.
Alger could also tell from Mr. Fool’s words that “He” had taken another
step towards “His” recovery. He was actually able to hold the upper hand
against a King of Angels.
This made him even more frustrated at himself for having doubts and
testing The Fool.
Mr. Fool had hinted in advance that the Tarot Gathering might be canceled
because “He” had long predicted that there would be a conflict between
“Him” and Amon? In fact, it’s even possible that “He” had taken the
initiative to create this episode by setting up a trap for Amon? Alger
instantly made many connections and felt that there was no way he could
hide his thoughts in front of such a high-level existence.
He warned himself once again: I can’t do such things again!
So Mr. World didn’t provide any feedback because his body was being used
by Mr. Fool to resist Amon… That King of Angels, Amon, is truly
powerful. Mr. Fool actually needed to personally take action… Fors and
Xio exchanged looks, not having any more doubts about their previous
questions.
Cattleya roughly understood the reason why The World had disappeared.
She also guessed that the messenger who had the contractual ties with The
World likely wasn’t able to enter the Forsaken Land of the Gods.
At the same time, she was surprised by the appearance of a King of Angels
appearing on-stage in the present times. She felt that this was one of the
signs of the apocalypse.
Emlyn wasn’t aware of what happened recently. He merely looked at
everyone with a somewhat blank look. For some baffling reason, he felt that
he had been locked behind Chanis Gate for far more than a week or two.
Perhaps it had been a month or two, to the point that he felt like he no
longer had a grasp over the current situation.
Mr. World has come to the Forsaken Land of the Gods… Did Mr. Fool use
his body to engage in a battle with that terrifying Amon? Derrick was first
alarmed before he felt a strong sense of joy.
This meant that the City of Silver’s next exploration would receive
tremendous help!
He immediately looked towards the end of the long bronze table, and he
blurted out, “Honorable Mr. Fool, the Chief wishes to receive your
blessings for a ritual. Are you agreeable to such a request?”
Having long learned of this from his prayers, Klein nodded slightly and
said, “Sure.”
After receiving his promise, Derrick couldn’t help but smile. For a moment,
he didn’t know how to express his gratitude.
Two seconds later, he lowered his head and said loudly, “My faith lies only
with Mr. Fool!”
The Fool nodded and turned to look at Ma’am Hermit. He warmly said,
“What questions do you have this time?”
Uh, the Queen didn’t say anything in her letter… Cattleya was taken aback
as she decided to first ask something she wanted to know. After all, she
could still ask several questions.
She deliberated for two seconds before saying, “Honorable Mr. Fool, what’s
the truth behind George III’s death?”
The moment The Hermit said that, Justice Audrey and company
immediately focused their attention.
This was exactly what they wanted to know.
Amongst them, The Star Leonard had a certain level of understanding over
the matter. He was more concerned about the deeper reason behind this
incident.
And among the members of the Tarot Club, the only one who was more
confused about the situation was Emlyn. His mind was filled with thoughts
like, “what?” and “what happened?”
He hadn’t even read the newspapers recently, so he didn’t know that King
George III had been assassinated.
As for The Sun, although he wasn’t sure why George III died for no reason,
he didn’t care at all.
The Fool Klein smiled and said calmly, “George III wanted to become the
Black Emperor. And for this reason, he dug up the Tudor ruins, engaged in
human trafficking, and created the Great Smog of Backlund. He initiated a
war, allowing the Feysac airships to bombard Backlund. Unfortunately, he
failed at the final ritual, and the secret mausoleum he needed for the ritual
was destroyed.”
He briefly described the entire incident in the calmest tone he could make,
doing so without mentioning what he had done.
It would be beneath Mr. Fool to explain the situation on “His” own accord.
The Great Smog of Backlund… The airship raid… This was all done by
George III to become a god? Audrey’s eyes widened as she instantly
recalled the two things she had experienced before.
Suddenly, she understood why The World Gehrman Sparrow wanted to stop
George III from becoming a god.
She knew that he was a gentle and kind gentleman, and he would definitely
not allow the culprit behind these two tragic cases to go scot-free.
If it were me, I would also have thought of doing so, but I would hesitate
and be stopped by the possibility of ill developments… As for Mr. World,
he is firm and decisive… This is a matter that involves the deities. Yes,
there should also be the will of Mr. Fool in this matter… Audrey glanced at
The World Gehrman Sparrow, who was sitting silently at the other end of
the long, mottled table. She nodded slightly to express her agreement.
Black Emperor… George III wished to become a god? This… Yes, Mr.
Fool has the Black Emperor Card of Blasphemy. Gehrman Sparrow was
previously investigating the matter of the Great Smog and human
trafficking… Indeed, all of these are connected together. There was actually
such a secret hidden behind it… From the looks of it, Mr. Fool’s goal has
been achieved. “His” plan has succeeded… Therefore, “He” has taken one
more step towards “His” recovery. “He” can now face off with a King of
Angels head-on… The more Alger thought about it, the more fearful and
spirited he became. He felt that, despite knowing of some clues ahead of
time, he was completely unaware of Mr. Fool’s setup.
Amidst the shock experienced by Leonard, Fors, and the other members of
the Tarot Club, Cattleya, who already had a premonition, suppressed her
emotions and decided to ask another question:
“Honorable Mr. Fool, what’s the attitude of the seven deities regarding this
matter?”