Chapter 1404

: In Modern Day 2
Nice!
I can’t help but snap my fingers with my free hand.
As someone who has never even won a consolation prize, to be able to get a
beverage I wanted is simply exciting.
Furthermore, the most important thing is that I only spent five yuan.
Otherwise, I’ll definitely hit it trying it ten times in a row.
I need to keep this bottle well! I put away my phone, open the can, and take
a mouthful of the beverage.
In the next second, my head suddenly turns a little numb. I feel like
everything around me has become abnormally blurry, and my entire body
becomes light as though I’m about to turn into a feather.
In this strange feeling, I vaguely hear muffled ravings that sound like
fingernails scratching a blackboard:
“The taste of a Demoness ain’t bad…”
“The taste of a Demoness ain’t bad…”
“The taste of a Demoness ain’t bad…”
This brings an indescribable pain, and I lose all my ability to think.
By the time the torture ends, I can’t remember what happened towards the
end, but I know that my face must have been very twisted and hideous.
F*ck. What the hell is this beverage? I turn angrily to look at the vending
machine.
At that moment, my head is spinning, and my eyes swell. I have the feeling
that I’ll collapse at any moment.
However, this doesn’t stop me from discovering a fact:
The vending machine that still existed moments ago has disappeared!
… Holy sh*t… I can’t take my spinning head and the soreness in my eyes. I
quickly remove my glasses and prepare to squeeze my nose bridge.
However, just as I take off my glasses, everything returns to normal. My
head doesn’t spin and my eyes no longer ache.
My vision remains clear, clearer than even before my myopia.
…I scan my surroundings, and every detail is reflected in my eyes. Even a
dozen meters away, a mosquito silently suspended on a black stone is
vividly clear.
I’ve recovered from my short-sightedness? That bout of fainting was
because of the glasses? I glance around once more, and for some reason, I
feel that my vision has exceeded that of a normal person’s.
As I try hard to recall, I gradually come to a realization:
I can change part of my body’s structure for a short amount of time. I can
obtain feather-like lightness. Even if I jump from high above, I won’t be
hurt…
A hawk-like vision that allows me to see through the darkness…
I’m good at hiding in the shadows…
My steps are nimble and my body is agile. The instantaneous strength I can
release is tremendous…
I can concentrate all my strength into a single strike…
This… As I suspect that the Assassin beverage that I had just taken was
actually some mental drug that gives me hallucinations, I also feel that
something might have really happened due to my recovery from short-
sightedness.
I put on my glasses again and realize that it does leave me faint.
No way this is real… The vending machine is gone… It was still there a
moment ago… Did I have a fortuitous encounter? I cast my gaze out of the
lobby and see people carrying umbrellas or have their backpacks raised in
the heavy rain, running about in a hurry.
Before this, I could only barely see silhouettes in this scene, but now, I can
confirm the features of every pedestrian.
Of course, the prerequisite is that they aren’t wearing face masks.
A fortuitous encounter… Don’t tell me it’s really a fortuitous encounter… I
would occasionally fantasize about having a fortuitous encounter, for
example, striking lottery worth 10–20 million yuan, but I never expected
such a day!
Moreover, it’s the Assassin ability that I wanted the most!
Even if it’s fake, just healing my short-sightedness makes me give this
fortuitous encounter full marks! I control my excitement and joy and
carefully examine my body.
After confirming that there’s nothing wrong with it, I close my eyes and
mutter to myself, Thank you, God!
Thank you, vending machine!
Thank you, loot box!
I have to find a place to test the Leap of Faith… Eh, I’ve recovered from
my cold too… I’ll think further about it after the rain stops… I look around
again, eager to test what it means to have dexterous steps, agility, and
explosive power.
Of course, as a normal person with regular intelligence, I know that I should
avoid others in times like this, lest I expose my fortuitous encounter and
create a series of unknown developments.
At this moment, due to the heavy rain, the people inside the building either
have to work overtime or have already left. Those without umbrellas either
have realized the reality of things or haven’t left the office. They either
return to the office or bravely run to the bus stop. Therefore, other than the
two security guards who have their backs to me, there’s no one else in the
lobby.
I can give it a try. Yes, there’s a dog… Heh, so what if I’m seen by a dog? It
doesn’t understand anything. Would it be able to tell anyone? I immediately
widen my pace and run toward the elevator.
I can feel the changes in my body.
Using a machine as an analogy, my body used to be a rusted machine that
had been soaked in water. Now, it was a new, lubricated machine.
A few steps later, I suddenly remember something: Previously, several
companies in the building had been a victim of theft. Through the
surveillance cameras, the police found the criminal.
In other words, there are surveillance cameras in the lobby, and my every
move is being monitored.
Bear with it, bear with it… I stop my attempts and turn back to look at the
spots where there might be cameras.
My gaze sweeps across the huge golden retriever at the door. It’s still
impassively looking at the rain outside.
I’ll wait till I get home… I let out a slow sigh, hold my glasses, and head
for the elevator.
I heard from my gossiping colleagues at the company that the theft was
done by a young rag-and-bone man from nearby.
In the past, this guy was the son of a rich man. Later on, his family waned,
and he could only make a living being a rag-and-bone man.
However, the police never found him.
I take the elevator and go back to the tenth floor. My mind is filled with
how to be an assassin hiding in the city’s shadows.
Only
Nothing is true, everything is permitted! I mutter a few slogans and exit the
elevator.
Glancing around, I see a figure standing by the window at the elevator
lobby.
He has rare, long silver hair. His features are very distinctive.
So I recognize him. He’s the vice president of the company next door,
whose surname is Wu.
Of course, this might only be his Chinese surname, because he’s either a
foreigner or a mixed-blood.
It’s such a pity that this guy isn’t an idol. He’s so good-looking that even the
girls in our company often try to “coincidentally” bump into him. They give
him flowers and food. It’s like he has everything easy in the game of life…
The boss next door really has bad taste. With such an employee, I’d have
long changed to running an entertainment company… I don’t know what
the company next door is busy with every day. Until today, I don’t even
know what they do. All of them are garrulous, completely unlike Rozanne
when she’s joking. They’re probably doing multi-level marketing, right? I
quickly retract my gaze and not greet him. After all, we’re not familiar with
each other.
But just at this moment, I see that guy turn around and walk over.