Chapter 756

: Grand Mass
After waiting nearly ten minutes outside the prayer hall, Klein and the other
believers who were here to join the Moon Mass entered under the priest’s
lead.
In the dark and serene atmosphere, they heard uniform and ethereal
chanting:
“Full-faced above the land stood the crimson moon;
“And sweet it was to dream of themselves,
“Of child, and wife, and parents; but evermore 1 …”
Holy and rhythmic voices echoed in the prayer hall as the believers
involuntarily quietened down, as though they had forgotten all their
frustrations in life or the different challenges they faced in the real world.
Under the guidance of a few priests, they found their seats. In front of the
altar, Bishop Elektra, who was in charge of celebrating the Mass, held The
Revelation of Evernight and began preaching.
As this segment came to an end, the priests held up water and bread, and
they began handing them out to Klein and company. This was the loving
grace of Evernight, food that people both alive and dead could share.
Having not had dinner, Klein naturally didn’t waste the bread of average
quality and the water in the cup. Then, he saw candles light up on the altar,
and under the darkness, they appeared like stars in the night sky, emitting
light and warmth that eased one’s heart.
At that moment, Bishop Elektra led the few priests and everyone in the
choir to chant in unison:
“We look upward into the night sky,
“We tenderly say her name: ‘Evernight Goddess!’
“We know no other words, except ‘Evernight Goddess,’
“May the Goddess draw out from the angel chorus
“With the silence sweet to gather,
“And hold both within ‘Her’ right hand which is gentle.
“‘Goddess!’ If ‘She’ heard us, ‘She’ would surely agree,
“Smiling with purity at the dead:
“Come, rest and sleep well, my children 1 !”
The empty voice filled with holiness drilled into every believers’ ears. It felt
as though all the spirits present were resonating in unison. As a Sequence 5
Beyonder, Klein felt as though his Soul Body was being cleansed as his
spirituality naturally flowed out in comfort.
Following that, a tranquil darkness seemed to appear before his eyes, a
darkness without any sound.
In the darkness, corpses lay there; their faces calm and at peace, as though
they weren’t dead and were actually in a deep sleep.
Klein calmly traversed the darkness in a staid manner when he suddenly
stopped and looked diagonally ahead.
At a spot where moon flowers were silently blooming, there were a few
people sleeping.
They were the hatless Dunn Smith in a trench coat; Old Neil, who still wore
his black classic robe; and the short Kenley, who worked hard to save up
money.
They closed their eyes in a relaxed manner as a faint smile appeared to
show on their lips. Around them were erected tombs, each of them having
the same word written on them: “Guardian.”
Klein instantly closed his eyes as a holy and ethereal voice resounded by his
ears:
“Cross your hands humbly,
“Over your breast!
“Make the silent prayer,
“And shout from the bottom of your heart:
“The only escape is tranquility 1 !”
Klein lowered his head, closed his eyes, and raised his hands up before
crossing them before his chest. He then repeated silently, The only escape is
tranquility!
The only escape is tranquility!
…
This repeated again and again until the prayer hall reached a state of
extreme silence. Only then did Klein open his eyes again and rubbed the
corners of his eyes.
He slowly exhaled and glanced around him. With the light from the candles,
he discovered that most of the believers were covered in tears without
realizing it. Even his valet, Richardson, was constantly tearing up without
wiping his tears.
The Moon Mass is akin to a ritual, a ritual with Beyonder powers involved.
Its effect is likely to make everyone’s spirit resonate, allowing different
people to see the deceased who they share deep relationships in the
darkness. It relieves one’s grief in order to obtain tranquility… Yes, this isn’t
an abnormality that’s targeted at Beyonders, so I can be at ease… To
ordinary people, this might be an illusory outlet that’s instantaneous. They
would only believe that it’s a result of the Goddess’s greatness, and not
some extraordinary powers… Sequence 5 Beyonders of the Evernight
pathway seem to gain a significant enhancement in their control of spirits…
Klein withdrew his gaze as he made a judgment.
Right on the heels of that, he recalled the darkness and the deceased that lay
amidst the moon flowers.
Closing his eyes, Klein allowed his thoughts to drift.
That dark plain filled with moon flowers, night vanilla, and slumber flowers
is a manifestation of the Goddess’s divine kingdom?
What does the source of danger in the night time inside that battle of the
gods ruin correspond to then?
Klein gradually outlined the cold darkness and the fog that enveloped the
sea on the eastern front of the Sonia Sea.
In the fog, there was an ancient, pitch-black cathedral with a steeple.
Ravens spiraled above it as though they were holding a memorial or were in
grief. And around the cathedral were ordinary residents, simple wood huts,
grayish-white mills, and indistinct figures.
Logically speaking, this foggy scene that’s intricately tied to the night and
dreams should be formed from the aura left behind when the Goddess
slayed Annihilation Demonic Wolf. But it doesn’t have any similarities with
the corresponding divine kingdom… Yes, mortals can’t pry into the secrets
of deities, so perhaps the dark plains filled with flowers isn’t the projection
of the divine kingdom, but rather an outcome of the ritual… Seeing that the
Moon Mass was coming to an end, Klein reached into his inner pocket and
took out his wallet.
Holding his wallet, he got up and entered the aisle, walked straight to the
altar, and under Bishop Elektra’s compassionate watch, he walked
diagonally over to the donation box.
He tapped his chest four times in a clockwise fashion, drawing out the
crimson moon before throwing in all his large-denomination notes.
A total of 300 pounds!
At that moment, Klein didn’t feel the pinch like the previous few times. He
was in a very calm mood because he recalled the ritual Old Neil had used to
repay his debt.
Back then, they picked up a wallet containing 300 pounds, all thanks to the
Goddess’s blessings.
Taking a step back, he drew the crimson moon once again, and he gave his
spot to the donor behind him.
At that moment, Bishop Elektra walked over and said as he drew the
crimson moon, “May the Goddess bless you.”
“May the Goddess know about it. What I wish for now is to receive some
teachings,” Klein replied with a smile.
Bishop Elektra glanced at the prayer hall’s side door and said, “If you don’t
mind waiting fifteen minutes, I can explain the Bible to you in the library.”
“I would love that,” Klein said with a warm smile.
Bishop Elektra immediately got a priest to lead Dwayne Dantès and his
servant out the prayer hall through a side door as they circled around a
spiral staircase to the nearby library.
There was a huge bookshelf here, and on it were various books from the
Church of the Evernight Goddess. There were tables and chairs lining the
sides for priests and bishops to study and preach to the believers.
Twelve minutes later, Bishop Elektra entered the library with a calming
smile and saw Dwayne Dantès with his white sideburns standing in front of
a bookshelf, flipping through a book with great focus. He exuded the vibes
of a scholar.
“What are you reading?” he asked with a smile.
Klein snapped the book together and said with a self-deprecating smile,
“The Revelation of Evernight.
“To be frank, although I’m a pious believer of the Goddess, I’ve never had
the time to seriously sit down and read the Bible due to my busy life.”
As he spoke, he didn’t show any odd signs on his face, but he felt uneasy
deep down. He was afraid the Goddess would smite him with a bolt of
lightning to reward this “pious” believer, Dwayne Dantès.
Well, lightning isn’t in the Goddess’s domain… Klein consoled himself.
Bishop Elektra smiled and took The Revelation of Evernight from his
hands.
“It’s never too late to begin.”
Following that, he invited Dwayne Dantès to sit down beside a table and
systematically introduced The Revelation of Evernight’s structure and the
corresponding Holy Word.
Richardson held his employer’s hat and cane, and he stood a slight distance
away, silently waiting to listen to the bishop’s preachings.
Time ticked by, when Klein, who appeared serious, suddenly felt his
spiritual perception trigger. A scene outside the door naturally surfaced in
his mind.
This was an intuitive foresight that stemmed from a Clown, one that had
been enhanced by the gray fog!
Outside the door, an elder dressed in a black clergyman robe walked by and
headed for the nearby spiral staircase.
He had lush white hair but didn’t comb it, making him look rather
disheveled. He had a thin face that made it appear as though he was bones
wrapped in skin. He exuded a rather cold bearing, and his skin was
abnormally pale. His eyes were a rare pure black.
This figure quickly vanished from the door as the footsteps gradually
sounded like they were coming from above.
A Keeper! But it’s not the one I met at the prayer hall… Hmm, it’s his turn
today? Klein paid attention to Bishop Elektra as he wore a contemplative
look over the Bible’s contents.
He wasn’t surprised that a Keeper would appear inside the cathedral and
pass by the library at this time. This was because the sealing forces behind
Chanis Gate would reach its peak at night. It wasn’t suitable for living
creatures to remain inside; therefore, the Keepers only entered at sunrise
and left at sunset. It had just turned dark.
I need to remember what day and date it is today… Later, with more
information, I’ll be able to figure out the Keepers’ rotation schedule. This
way, I’ll be able to act as the corresponding target at the right time… Klein
reined in his thoughts as he listened attentively. Finally, he got up and bade
farewell thirty minutes later.
He smiled and said to Bishop Elektra, “I’m wondering if I have the honor to
listen to your preachings in the future?”
“No problem.” Faced with a tycoon who had just donated 300 pounds,
Bishop Elektra couldn’t reject him. He even happily nodded. “As long as
you come to the cathedral and I have the time.”
Klein didn’t harp on the details to prevent any suspicion. He earnestly
thanked him and left Saint Samuel Cathedral with Richardson.
He returned home before eight, and enjoyed dinner as he leisurely spent the
rest of his night.
…
Late at night, inside the master bedroom.
The sleeping Klein suddenly opened his eyes.
His spiritual intuition told him that someone had infiltrated his mansion!