Chapter 413

: Visitors
Inside the Rice Police Station which was in charge of Minsk Street and the
surrounding district.
Klein shook hands with the officer who escorted him out.
“This threatening letter must’ve had something to do with the previous
serial murders. The organizer of the detective team, the great detective, Mr.
Isengard Stanton, has already been attacked this afternoon!
“Please take it seriously.”
The police officer retracted his hand and said, “Don’t worry, Mr. Moriarty.
We definitely won’t ignore your suggestion and immediately report it to the
higher-ups.”
“Thank you so much.” Klein put on his hat and walked out the door.
After seeing the two threatening letters and the provocation from the
suspected Devil dog’s master, Klein didn’t hesitate to bring the evidence to
the nearest police station to report the case. He secretly hoped that the
matter would be transferred to the Mandated Punishers or the Machinery
Hivemind Team as quickly as possible so that he could be placed under the
protection of official Beyonders.
Although he no longer had any reason to keep his identity as a detective,
being fully capable of giving up his residence at 15 Minsk Street and
switching to another residence and identity, he suspected that this might
have been the purpose of the author of that threatening letter.
Using the fear of wild Beyonders being exposed, the perpetrator was
forcing him to flee under the cover of the night. Then, during this process,
he could seize the opportunity to launch an attack.
Actually, it’s quite a suitable time to attack me while I was heading over to
the police station to report the incident… It’s the same as when I was at
home… That fellow has other plans… Confused and wary, Klein returned to
Minsk Street.
As soon as he got out of the carriage, he saw a figure loitering in front of
his house with the help of the street lamps amid the drizzle.
Klein’s heart skipped a beat, but he immediately relaxed as he recognized
the visitor.
It was Stuart, a slim private detective with a medium build, who adored
him.
I can’t be careless… What if the subsequent Sequences of Devil has a power
similar to Faceless? Klein gripped his cane tight and slowly approached,
then he gave a probing shout.
Detective Stuart abruptly turned his head and nervously said, “Mr. Moriarty,
I received a threatening letter. It said: ‘All of you will die!'”
“You received it as well?” Klein blurted out in surprise while also finding it
understandable.
Stuart was also one of the detectives that Isengard Stanton had gathered for
the investigation of the serial murders.
Stuart’s eyes widened abruptly.
“You received it too?”
“Yes.” Klein nodded seriously.
More than one actually… he added silently.
“What should I do? I first went to visit Mr. Stanton, but I heard that he was
attacked, so I immediately came to you. Oh, thank God for His blessings. I
was about to leave!” Stuart blurted out.
Klein pointed to the door.
“Let’s talk inside.”
After entering the living room, Klein excused himself to the bathroom and
hurriedly went above the gray fog to perform two divinations. First, it was
to confirm that the person was Stuart. And second, if there was any
relatively serious danger that night. He received a revelation confirming
both.
In other words, Stuart wasn’t the enemy in disguise, and it would be a night
of considerable danger.
Of course, that danger might not happen right in front of Klein, but
someone might be wiped out in secret. That was the limitation of divination.
All he could receive was a revelation of a certain degree, not the entire
answer. He was unable to get a precise answer.
Furthermore, the limitations in mysticism couldn’t be solved by techniques
such as exclusion or dichotomy.
Returning to the real world, Klein pressed the mechanical button of the
toilet bowl, and in the midst of the splashing water, he washed his hands
and opened the door.
“Stuart, would you like coffee or tea?” Klein asked in a completely
composed manner.
Stuart stood up and shook his head.
“No, we should discuss the problem first. Although I’ve received many
threatening letters in the past, none of them can be compared to what I
received today. He must’ve written them using fresh blood! My intuition
tells me that he’ll definitely take action, and that he has the ability to do so!
“By the way, Mr. Stanton was attacked by that same person, wasn’t he?”
“I think so,” Klein said stoically before sitting down. “This likely has
something to do with the previous serial murders. The common thing that
you, me, and Mr. Stanton share in common is that case.”
Stuart’s reaction is a little too extreme… Is he spooked out by the attack on
Mr. Stanton? At the same time, Klein was carefully observing Stuart.
Being infected by his attitude, Stuart calmed down significantly. He sat
down again and said while deep in thought, “It seems to be the case…”
Before he could finish his sentence, tinkling sounds suddenly echoed in the
room.
Someone had rung the doorbell.
Stuart instantly jolted, like a frightened bird.
Klein frowned as he looked at him before getting up to head for the door.
As soon as he touched the handle, the scene outside appeared in his mind.
The visitors were Detective Kaslana in her gray tweed coat; her red-haired
assistant, Lydia; and several other men who looked familiar.
They’re all the private detectives who Mr. Stanton had assembled… As
expected… As Klein recalled, he recognized the visitors.
He pulled open the door and took two steps back.
With bushy eyebrows and slightly drooping cheeks, Kaslana looked at
Klein and Stuart who was behind him. Without exchanging pleasantries, she
bluntly said, “We’ve all received the same threatening letter, so I believe
you guys did too, right?”
“Yes,” Klein replied solemnly.
Kaslana didn’t shy away from exhaling a breath of white mist.
“We were all assembled by Mr. Stanton to participate in the investigation of
the serial murders. That’s the only thing we have in common.”
“I think so too.” Klein pointed inside his house. “Let’s talk inside.”
Watching the six private detectives enter, Klein quickly analyzed the
intentions of the Devil dog’s master.
To stir up such a huge commotion, this will soon attract the attention of the
official Beyonder organizations. Who knows, there might be a demigod
powerhouse guarding this area, so how would he take his revenge?
He’s just being provocative, making the military and the Beyonders from the
three Churches send people to protect all these private detectives. With the
official Beyonders not daring to be negligent, it will scatter personnel and
exhaust them by making them run around. Is all this to take revenge on the
main target of the attack from back then?
In the process, he might even have a chance to kill some of the official
Beyonders…
As for the private investigators, he will only take action much later, once
their wariness has relaxed…
Of course, if probes such as this give an opening, then he definitely
wouldn’t let it go…
To Devils who can sense danger ahead of time, this is a method that plays
on their strengths.
However, the three Churches, together with the military and the royal
family, have many experts and Sealed Artifacts. They have no lack of
demigods or Grade 0 and Grade 1 Sealed Artifacts. Is the master of the
Devil dog so certain that there are no powers or items that can restrain this
strength of his?
No, he definitely wouldn’t dare.
The official powers, especially the Nighthawks, Mandated Punishers, and
Machinery Hivemind, have been fighting Devils for who knows how many
years. In the Fourth Epoch, even in the more ancient Third Epoch, there
was no lack of similar deeds.
The master of the Devil dog is at most a Sequence 5. As long as anything
goes wrong, to the point of nothing going wrong, he can be torn apart by a
demigod or a terrifying Sealed Artifact. Why would he still dare to make
such attempts?
Or it could be said that he’s simply toying with the officials and that he
wouldn’t act, doing it time and time again…
Yes, there’s another possibility. Using the threatening letter, he’s able to get
more than half the targets gathered together. Then, using the official
Beyonder organizations’ counterbalancing of each other and the procedural
and bureaucratic tendencies, create a time delay…
The attack on Mr. Isengard Stanton must’ve been handed over to the
Machinery Hivemind, who is in charge of supernatural affairs in Hillston
Borough, but the ones who killed the Devil dog were mainly comprised of
the Nighthawks. The two organizations definitely don’t communicate in
detail too much…
Well, it can also be assigned based on Mr. Stanton’s faith… Which deity
does he believe in… I don’t seem to know, nor can I tell…
In short, with so many private investigators living in different districts and
with different faiths, the division of jurisdiction is a troublesome matter, and
joint operations aren’t so easy to achieve.
At this moment, the ones protecting us should only be two or three groups of
official Beyonders. At the very most, they would be at the level of deacons,
and they wouldn’t use Sealed Artifacts which are too powerful or
dangerous. Even a demigod High-Sequence Beyonder wouldn’t direct their
gaze over to us that quickly.
This would give the Devil dog’s master a chance.
Although three to four groups of official Beyonders can definitely kill one or
even more than one Sequence 5, as long as he takes advantage of the
situation, there’s a good chance that he can successfully escape.
Klein was able to deduce two or three possibilities in just twenty to thirty
seconds, and giving each of them a preliminary opinion.
Thinking of the divination outcome that indicated that there would be
significant danger tonight, Klein thoughtfully nodded his head, closed the
door, and entered the living room. He said to the sitting or standing
detectives, “Have you called the police?”
There are almost half of the people, who were assembled back then,
gathered here…he surveyed the detectives and muttered inwardly.
Representing the rest, Kaslana replied, “Some have called the police, while
others have tried to find Mr. Stanton or familiar friends. Finally, all of us
got together and discussed about visiting you, the great detective.”
Klein gently nodded and deliberately said, “Everyone, don’t be too nervous.
The person who sent the letter should be trying to get revenge for that serial
murder, but he’s only one person, with at most one or two companions. As
for us, we have a total of eight detectives, all skilled in combat and
shooting, so why should we be afraid of him?
“Besides, we were not the only ones assembled by Mr. Stanton, and it must
be the same for those who received the threatening letters. They just didn’t
end up meeting you or come to visit me.”
Upon hearing his words, Kaslana and her assistant, Lydia, revealed doubtful
expressions, as if they were unsure of something.
Another detective took a deep breath.
“Mr. Moriarty, perhaps it’s as you say, we need not be afraid of him.
“But he’s a sinister snake lurking in the dark. No one knows when he will
launch an attack, and no one can guard against it in advance. Furthermore,
he might even harm our family members.”
“Family members?”
“Oh, my wife!”
“No, my little angel!”
The detectives were instantly overwhelmed by their emotions as they
exhibited exaggerated reactions.
Standing behind Klein, Stuart was trembling with fear and anger.
“No, I don’t want that…” he murmured, almost losing control of his
emotions.
Just as Klein and Kaslana attempted to calm them down, Stuart suddenly
drew his gun and aimed it at the back of Klein’s head!
His eyes were glazed over, and his emotions seemed to have completely
overwhelmed him.