Chapter 1017

: 1017 Maygur Manor
1017 Maygur Manor
Backlund, Empress Borough, in the outskirts towards the northwest. This
was a place that needed more than an hour via horse carriage. Maygur
Manor was built by the side of the Tussock River, so it had beautiful
scenery around it with flourishing vegetation within its confines.
Strangely enough, Backlund’s city areas had perennial rain with relatively
few sunny days. However, in the outskirts, the clouds tended to be thin, and
the sun was always bright. Despite the short distance, the two places had
completely different weather. It was most obvious within the northwestern
outskirts. It was even a rather famous grape plantation in the Northern
Continent. And by following the Tussock River from this region northwest
for another fifty kilometers, one would again encounter weather similar to
Backlund’s city area.
Such situations left meteorologists puzzled. They couldn’t find any suitable
theories to explain the reason. However, Klein had a vague guess.
In the Fourth Epoch, this was the capital of the Tudor-Trunsoest United
Empire. It was also here that Blood Emperor Alista abandoned “His”
humanity and became a crazy deity. Therefore, it was normal that the
weather and terrain had changed forever in those very small confines.
Leonard Mitchell had once mentioned information about this during one of
the free exchanges.
Furthermore as an area with a long history and signs of early human
activity, this “Land of Hope” buried countless ancient ruins. It was very
possible that they could have an influence on the weather.
The carriage drove into Maygur Manor, passing by the fountain pond and
small garden that was surrounded by the main building. Finally, it stopped
outside the main door.
Just as Klein got off the carriage with Butler Walter, he saw the land
steward, Richardson, lead two rows of male and female servants by the
door, awaiting their employer.
Compared to 160 Boklund Street, there were more servants here, but they
were mainly lower-class servants.
Looking at Richardson wearing a spanking new suit, Klein nodded with a
smile.
“Well done.”
Without waiting for Richardson to reply, he took off his hat and handed it
along with his cane to his valet, Enuni, while asking, “Have you prepared
the activity room for the ladies to chat and for men to play cards in?”
丨 Yes, sir. IVe placed poker cards, tarot cards, and some board games. The
piano, violins’ and other common musical instruments have also been
moved inside,” Richardson answered eloquently.
Klein passed through the door and nodded.
“Where’s the smoking room for the gentlemen?”
“Like the ladies, it’s all on the second floor. They’re separated by five
rooms.” Richardson didn’t need the servants in the manor to remind him.
He didn’t even need to recall to give an answer.
To ensure that his employer’s first hunting excursion was flawless, he had
taken note of every nitty-gritty detail. Although it exhausted him physically,
he was excited mentally.
Klein asked about dinner and the guest rooms and confirmed that
everything was in place.
Before long, he received the first batch of guests after Maygur Manor had a
change of name—now known as Dantes Manor.
Member of Parliament Macht and his family!
“This place is much bigger than my Moose Manor.” Macht took off his coat
with a smile and handed it to a servant while praising, “I’ve always heard of
Maygur’s wine being of excellent quality, but I’ve never had the chance of
tasting it. I can finally have my curiosity satisfied today.”
“I hope you won’t be disappointed.” Klein smiled modestly.
As a famous area for grape plantations in the Northern Continent,
champagne, red wine, and white wine were considered the finest in
Backlund’s northwestern outskirts. But with the manor here mainly owned
by the nobles, self- brewed alcoholic beverages were typically not sold to
the public. Therefore, it was almost unheard of. Only people from high
society or those related to them would know of this.
Maygur was one of the most iconic manors. The wine that it brewed was
widely praised by people in the know. Red wine of certain years was even
offered at more than a hundred pounds a bottle by collectors.
However, for Klein to be able to buy this manor for 20,000 pounds, he
naturally had to agree to certain conditions. All the wine from certain years
were to be taken away by Duke Negan’s servants.
Macht was rather clear about this and didn’t expect to drink famous wine
commodities. He said with a laugh, “You can open a few bottles and pour a
small glass of each for me. Let me decide which of the remaining wine is
most spectacular.”
As a member of high society, he had never tasted the wine of Maygur
Manor. The reason was simple: he was a member of the New Party, and the
previous owner, Duke Negan, was the main sponsor of the Conservative
Party.
“No problem,” Klein immediately agreed as his gaze swept across Hazel’s
face.
Compared to July and August, this girl had clearly cheered up. She no
longer felt apprehensive when facing strangers. Previously, it was as bad as
not willing to participate in any banquets or balls. This made those familiar
with her think she was sick.
And this was all thanks to Audrey. Whenever she met Dwayne Dantes at the
Loen Charity Bursary Foundation, she had mentioned that she had recently
met Miss Hazel Macht twice.
Such communication didn’t seem problematic at first glance since Hazel
was a common acquaintance of Audrey and Dantes. Finding a topic about a
common friend was common in idle chatter. However, Klein could read
Miss Justice’s hints and understood that she had met Hazel twice at
different balls and banquets and had treated her twice.
After getting Macht’s family settled in, Klein welcomed the second batch of
guests for the weekend hunting trip:
Brigadier General Qonas Kilgor who had come with a friend that he had
previously mentioned.
Klein knew this friend, but he didn’t know Dwayne Dantes. He was a steam
car mogul, Framis Cage. He was one of the main investors of the bicycle
project. He had relied on a lawyer suspected to be a Beyonder with the
Lawyer Sequence and had bought the 10% shares from Sherlock Moriarty
at a cheap price.
Since he’s related to a Lawyer, it can be explained how he’s an Earl of The
Fallen’s friend… Klein went forward with a smile and hugged Brigadier
General Qonas and Framis Cage.
“Welcome.”
He then stepped back and said to the portly, light-blue-eyed Framis who
was a quarter Feysac, “I heard your steam car is very famous. Why didn’t
you drive it over?”
Before Framis could answer, the manly Qonas Kilgor said with a smile,
“No, you don’t understand him. He will never give up the chance to
showcase his steam car.
“However, the car’s too heavy. On the way here, it fell into a ditch and
couldn’t be pulled out. Thankfully, I never believed his claims and rode on a
carriage myself, following behind him. Otherwise, he would’ve had to
cover the remaining distance on foot.”
“The main problem is that our roads are terrible. They need to be renovated
and rebuilt. They need metal tracks to be paved, just like steam
locomotives!” Framis retorted and threw his hands up. “I was planning on
seeking some investments from you. Haha, we can talk about it later.”
You were the one who invested in us previously, but now you’re asking me
for an investment… Only then did Klein realize that he was a rather famous
tycoon in the upper class of the kingdom!
He had donated shares worth more than 10,000 pounds and had purchased
an expensive manor. He had also established connections with the military,
so it was obvious he was rich!
But in fact, my current net worth is only fifty to sixty thousand gold
pounds, perhaps a tenth of Miss Justice’s wealth… I wonder when I can
really become a tycoon with a net worth of a million pounds… Klein
thought in a self-deprecating manner. After some thought, he said, “It’s fine.
I’m very interested in the fusion of machinery and steam. When I’m free, I
can take a look at your steam car.”
“Spectacular,” Framis immediately said with a smile. “If I didn’t know that
you had donated a large sum to the Church of Evernight, I might even think
of you as a believer of the God of Steam.”
I’ve drawn the triangular Sacred Emblem on my chest in the past after all…
Klein didn’t continue on this topic, afraid that Qonas would discover his
intentions.
He pointed to the staircase and said, “Why don’t you head to the smoking
room to try some of the prized cigar collections here?
“It wasn’t until I bought this manor that I learned that there was a room
specially for storing cigars. Its temperature and humidity are maintained,
but as you know, I can smoke, but I don’t like it.”
“Not bad. Do you have Chieftain?” Qonas Kilgor’s face suffused a smile.
“Of course.” Klein gave a positive answer.
There was only one goal in organizing this hunting trip. It was to hunt this
brigadier general, deputy director of MI9. Therefore, he had taken into
consideration all his preferences.
However, Klein wasn’t in a hurry to take action for this hunting trip. This
was because he still lacked an understanding of Qonas Kilgor’s actual
strength as a hidden demigod. He needed more gatherings and hunts to
figure out his preferences, level of alertness, and the items he brought with
him.
As a Magician, Klein didn’t perform unprepared!
In an apartment in Cherwood Borough.
Fors put down the book in her hand and looked at Xio who was pacing
around the activity room. She couldn’t help but ask, “What are you troubled
about?”
Xio shot her a glance and said, “I’m frustrated over whether to inform MI9
about Viscount Stratford’s close relationship with an unknown woman, or to
keep it from them until there’s further development.”
“Why are you keeping it from them?” Fors first asked in return before
giving her answer. “Viscount Stratford is related to your father’s death, but
you normally lack the opportunity or strength to confront him, afraid of
being exposed and affecting your mother and brother. And now, he might
encounter an accident because of that unknown woman. He’s in a relatively
easy to deal with state. This is your opportunity, so you’re being hesitant,
right?”
Xio fell silent for a moment before saying, “Yes.”
Fors closed the book, stared at her friend, and said in a serious manner,
“Since you’re hesitating, it means you’re already inclined towards one
option.”
Xio slowly nodded and said, “Yes.”
Fors fondled her slightly long curly hair and stood up, extending her right
hand, and said, “I already know your decision. Well, do you need help?”
Seeing Xio hesitant to give an answer, she laughed and said, “I’m a
Sequence 6 Beyonder!”
Without waiting for Xio to answer, she looked around.
“If you’re worried, we can still seek additional help.”
She was implying that they could get help from the members of the Tarot
Club.
Xio thought about it and exhaled.
“Not for now. Let’s try it first. Uh, let’s head out now and continue
monitoring Viscount Stratford.”
“Now?” Fors was taken aback. “Alright. But before that, let me use the
crystal ball to do some astromancy to confirm the level of danger.”
After some work, she held the pure crystal ball in one hand and said,
“There’s a certain level of danger.”