Chapter 1171

The Third One
Let a piece of history that has been left behind return to the present era…
Return, not reappear… The meaning of the two are completely different.
It’s not sufficient for me to write the true history of the Fourth or Third
Epoch and disseminate it to complete the ritual… Klein’s right hand, which
was holding the fountain pen, paused. He instinctively analyzed the
contents of the Miracle Invoker potion.
After some thought, he found something that perfectly matched the ritual’s
requirements.
That was to let the people of the City of Silver escape the Forsaken Land of
the Gods and return to the Northern and Southern Continents, allowing this
history that had been left behind for two to three thousand years return to
the present era!
This isn’t any easier than escaping Amon’s pursuit. The only way to leave
the Forsaken Land of the Gods is to enter the Giant King’s Court and open
the palace where Dark Angel Sasrir is in deep slumber. This is the ancient
sun god’s negative personality. It’s ranked first among the Kings of Angels
and is known as the Left Hand of God, the deputy of Heaven. “He” might
even be stronger than the current Amon… Besides, “His” current state is
being watched by the various deities… Yes, the more controllable aspect of
this compared to my escape from Amon is that I can make sufficient
preparations… Klein slowly exhaled and felt that there was a certain chance
of completing the ritual.
In fact, he knew very well that, even without him, the City of Silver would
make repeated attempts to open the door to the Giant King’s residence and
find a way to leave this forsaken land. It was as if they were moths darting
towards the flames, even at the cost of death.
No matter what, with my “participation,” the chances of success will
definitely be higher than what it is now… Klein subconsciously wanted to
open the door to the Dark Angel’s slumber ground to attract Amon, creating
chaos to offset the damage caused by the Dark Angel’s awakening.
This was a tactic he was rather familiar with.
However, he eventually rejected this idea because it was too dangerous.
After spending some time with Amon and finally seeing the level of a King
of Angels, Klein instinctively began to fear these terrifying existences. He
no longer wanted to use the conflict between them to create chaos.
Just “Their” existence alone could cause irreparable damage to the
surrounding Beyonders and the entire region!
Under such circumstances, trying to rely on “Them” to create a chaotic
situation was no longer tottering on the edge of the abyss—if one wasn’t
careful, they would fall into the abyss and into eternal damnation.
Therefore, it was best not to try.
Unless he had no other solution, to the point of escaping being just his
wishful thinking, Klein didn’t want to make such an attempt.
Indeed, a portion of a Miracle Invoker’s Beyonder powers comes from
history, which is why there’s a ritual requirement like this… How did the
other Scholars of Yore complete it? Looking at the parchment on the long
bronze table, he thought of a possible solution from another angle. If it were
me, the only solution I can think of is to isolate some people or history from
reality. Only when they are forgotten will I allow them to return to the
present era. This might take centuries, or even longer… What an evil act…
Heh heh, it reminds me of The Peach Blossom Spring… Those people
living in utopia away from the outside world share some characteristics…
After some thought, Klein believed that the difficulty of this ritual for
Scholars of Yore was whether they could survive until the ritual was held.
Furthermore, there were too many accidents that could interrupt self-
isolation like that.
The Forsaken Land of the Gods has perfectly resolved these issues, but it
also brings with it greater problems… Dark Angel Sasrir… What is the
condition of this Heaven’s deputy right hand now? Is it related to the
resurrection of the ancient sun god… The level involved in such a matter
has already reached the ceiling of this world… Why am I always involved
in such matters… Klein gave a self-deprecating laugh. He could roughly
guess that this was due to the destiny Sefirah Castle brought him.
After all, Blasphemer Amon was unwilling to shoulder such a destiny.
Retracting his wandering thoughts, he focused his attention back onto the
Miracle Invoker potion formula.
The Worm of Star is from the Apprentice pathway? The supplementary
ingredients contain three high-grade spiritual materials of the three
neighboring pathways… I’ve already made the Worms of Time into Fate
Siphon charms. There’s no way to restore them. Let Leonard’s grandpa
‘lend’ me another one? How can that be called ‘lending’? I’m going to use
the upgraded version of a Yesterday Once More charm to exchange for it!
Where should I find the Worm of Star…? There aren’t many demigods from
the Apprentice pathway that live in the real world… The Aurora Order’s
Saint of Secrets, Botis? However, I’m stuck in the Forsaken Land of the
Gods and can’t deal with him… All I can do is ask Ma’am Hermit and
Queen Mystic for help. At the same time, I have to urge Miss Magician to
become a Traveler as soon as possible… Yes, I can also get her to ask her
teacher where Worms of Cosmos might be…
There’s actually only one main ingredient. It’s either the heart of the Dark
Demonic Wolf or the Beyonder characteristic produced by other Miracle
Invokers. It’s no longer two as one…
Yes, that also means that, at this level, there are very few scattered
characteristics. They’ve all gathered…
The Dark Demonic Wolf is also known as the God of Wishes. That’s a
standard angel, a subsidiary god. If I can’t find any materials that can be
used, wouldn’t I be slaying a god?
The level of an angel can already be considered a hidden existence. There’s
a fundamental difference from being a Sequence 3…
Just thinking about it makes me scared…
After making a list of helpers that he could rope in, he felt a lot more at
ease. He had a feeling that he no longer feared his debts when they reached
a significant amount.
He lifted his right hand that was holding the fountain pen, and he continued
to record what he had previously learned.
Most of this was something he already knew, and he could only use it as a
reminder.
Finally, he wrote down incomplete information in the corner of the
parchment.
“Sequence 1: Attendant of Mysteries
“Main ingredients: One Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic.”
This piece of information meant that Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics
were difficult to obtain through other means, with only three to choose
from.
One of them is on The Half-Fool on the main peak of the Hornacis
mountain range. It’s with the Uniqueness. The other is with Zaratul. There’s
still one more. According to what Leonard said, the True Creator has clues
to its location. Where could it be… Yes, Little Sun and the rest had hunted
Shapeshifters in the northern city ruins, Nois. There seems to be a high-
level existence of the Seer pathway lurking there. I wonder if it corresponds
to Miracle Invoker or Attendant of Mysteries… Klein gradually had a
thought, and he planned on visiting Nois for a preliminary investigation
after he resurrected and escaped Amon.
After digesting the knowledge he had gained, he summoned his golden
pocket watch from the junk pile and opened it to check the time.
Before he destroyed the Blood Emperor’s ruin, he had sacrificed many
things that he didn’t need in battle, above the gray fog to prevent any
damage.
Despite that, he still lost quite a bit after the battle and his eventual suicide.
Furthermore, they were all extremely valuable. Just the thought of it made
him almost lose control.
Groselle’s Travels, Death Knell, Creeping Hunger, Fate Siphon charm,
Flaring Sun Charms, Marionette Qonas and his equipment, Marionette
Enuni and his two rings, and the adventurer’s harmonica… No, I can’t think
about it anymore. Thankfully, I had thrown Azik’s copper whistle above the
gray fog ahead of time. Thankfully, I can still summon the Historical Void
projections of these items. They’re just accompanying me in a different
form… Uh, probably not for Groselle’s Travels… Klein’s temples throbbed
as he couldn’t help but feel heavy.
He sighed and seriously mourned over the items, especially the mystical
item that had accompanied him for a long time: Creeping Hunger.
After a long silence, Klein forced his attention back to the present. As he
waited for the Tarot Gathering to begin, he casually thought about the
ancient sun god and the other matters such as Chernobyl.
Suddenly, he frowned slightly.
Since this is my hometown, there have never been transmigrators. They’re
all ancient humans that were released by Sefirah Castle. Then, do places
like the Chaos Sea also have similar existences? Was Chernobyl converted
into a sanctuary?
According to what Amon said, and what I saw in my divination, the ancient
sun god had indeed woken up in Chernobyl. Then, is he a “transmigrator”
released from Sefirah Castle, or a survivor of a sanctuary?
If it’s the latter, who’s the third person inside the cocoon…
Upon thinking of this, Klein was alarmed as his pupils dilated slightly.
He already had a certain guess about the history of the elves. It likely had
nothing to do with Sefirah Castle.
This way, he still couldn’t find the correct corresponding identity of the
third, or more correctly, the first “transmigrator.”
This “transmigrator” didn’t seem to leave behind any traces in history!
Without any hesitation, Klein’s consciousness sank into the grayish-white
fog. With the power of Sefirah Castle, he came directly to a certain part of
history that was relatively distant.
It was made up of many fragments of light, and the clearest one was the
suspended Zhou Mingrui above the door of light.
And beside Zhou Mingrui, the corresponding fog of history was instantly lit
up due to his sufficient knowledge of Roselle. He saw a young man who
also had his eyes tightly shut in the cocoon.
There was no need to verify it. Through that sense of familiarity and
spiritual intuition, he confirmed that this was the former incarnation of
Emperor Roselle Gustav, Huang Tao.
Without bothering to appreciate the Emperor’s true appearance, Klein
turned his gaze to the other side.
There was a transparent cocoon there, and the figure inside could vaguely
be seen.
As he had already seen the other hanged figures, he had lit up many
fragments of light in the fog of history. They interweaved and stimulated
each other, barely allowing him to see the fuzzy area.
The figure inside was obviously a woman.
Female… A thought came to his mind as he realized that he had missed a
direction when he analyzed the “transmigrator.”
“Transmigrators” had an objective mindset. They could completely control
themselves and not leave any traces that exceeded the times, but there was
one thing that couldn’t be avoided.
It was very obvious that Sefirah Castle was related to the three pathways
related to the Seer, Apprentice, and Marauder. After the birth of a
“transmigrator,” they had to quickly make a connection with one of these
three pathways.
Not only was Klein involved in the case brought about by the Antigonus
family’s notebook, but he also quickly had the opportunity to choose the
Seer potion.
In Intis where Roselle was active, there was the Secret Order, and he got to
know Zaratul early on.
According to this logic, the ancient sun god with the Marauder authority
was indeed one of the reasonable suspects.
Klein immediately conjured a pen and paper and began listing the
corresponding names he knew at the moment. For example, Fourth Epoch
people from the Antigonus, Zaratul, and Abraham family, or the Kings of
Angels surrounding the ancient sun god.
Before long, Klein’s gaze stopped on a few names.
The first person was none other than the ancient god, Flegrea, who clearly
had the authority of Seer. Behind him was “His” subsidiary god.
The God of the Dead, Salinger, and the Goddess of Misfortune, Amanises.
The latter was also known as the Evernight Goddess.