Chapter 1263

The Final Watch
After a short pause, a brilliant silvery-white glow continued to stretch out in
front of them, completely drowning out the two invisible barriers that
shielded Colin Iliad, Derrick Berg, and Lovia.
The barrier blocking the silver snaking lightning began to violently tremble.
A crack that resembled tree branches appeared. As for how long the barrier
could last in the Lightning Storm, that remained a question.
At this moment, behind Dark Angel Sasrir, there was an area that wasn’t
covered by the forest of lightning. Klein’s figure, in his black trench coat
and silk half top hat, appeared.
He was like a precise and cold machine. Without any hesitation, he aimed
the Staff of the Stars at the side of the special evil spirit, quickly outlining
all sorts of information related to the Beyonder powers in his mind.
He had previously performed tests—he couldn’t “Wander” too far with the
Staff of the Stars within the Giant King’s Court, so he could only use
“Blink” in a tiny vicinity. Therefore, he gave up on the idea of directly
sending Dark Angel Sasrir out the Giant King’s Court and seizing the
opportunity to take the first Blasphemy Slate and leaving by “opening” the
door.
As the various gems on the Staff of the Stars lit up, Sasrir’s eyes which
burned with pitch-black flames suddenly closed.
He had been forcibly dragged into a dream by Klein!
This was a Beyonder power belonging to the Evernight pathway’s Sequence
7, but the one that Klein replicated had belonged to the version which the
Evernight Cloister’s matron, the Servant of Concealment Arianna, had used
—the Beyonder power of pulling someone into a dream performed at the
angel-level!
In the hazy dream world, Dark Angel Sasrir wore a black robe with
complicated symbols embroidered with silver threads and adorned with
accessories. “He” had appeared in a desolate moor.
“His” eyes remained ice-cold, unlike the dull and lifeless eyes of most
Beyonders when they were in dreams.
The Spectator pathway also belonged to the Chaos Sea pathway. And its
Sequence 5 and Sequence 3 were Dreamwalker and Dreamweaver
respectively!
Moments later, Sasrir’s pupils turned golden and vertical.
“His” giant figure faded away as a layer of abnormally thick shadows
appeared in front of “Him.”
This shadow completely blocked Sasrir, making it possible to vaguely make
out a pair of eyes hidden behind the “curtain.”
In the blink of an eye, the “curtains” parted, revealing an indescribable
color, like a sea that seemed to contain all secrets.
Boom!
When Klein, the conjurer of the dream, saw this scene, his mind erupted
with thoughts before he could analyze the details. It was as though his brain
was a boiling pot of wheat porridge.
The corners of his mouth curled up instinctively, and most of his Virtual
Persona disintegrated. He nearly let out a tragic cry as transparent maggots
under his left cheek began to drill out one by one. The meat tendrils on his
right face grew more and more obvious, becoming thinner and thinner,
approaching that of Worms of Spirit.
The forcefully-induced dream disintegrated, and Dark Angel Sasrir’s
consciousness returned to the real world.
However, at that moment when the special evil spirit fell into a deep
slumber, the sea of lightning faded away. The three demigods of the City of
Silver struck back at the same time.
Colin Iliad straightened his body and struck out with the sword of dawn in
his right hand, causing the silvery-white light to “Blink” to Sasrir’s body.
As Lovia resisted the restraints of the shadow “cloak,” she got the Silver
Knight evil spirit she Grazed to swing its greatsword upwards from below,
bringing with it a terrifying storm formed from blobs of light. Derrick
condensed a dazzling white “Unshadowed Spear,” thrusting it at the Dark
Angel as it left crackling sounds in its wake.
At this moment, Sasrir’s figure emitted infinite pure light, as though “He”
had suddenly become a sun that descended into reality.
Under the “sun”‘s illumination, the “Unshadowed Spear” melted. The
“Hurricane of Light” calmed down, and the silver beam dimmed. All the
latter could do was damage the target’s aura, and not deal any harm to “His”
body.
The scene of a true deity’s descent shocked Lovia and Derrick. They
couldn’t help but bow their heads in worship. As for the Silver Knight evil
spirit, it quickly melted under the blazing sunlight and completely
evaporated.
Suddenly, Sasrir’s eyes closed once again.
Behind “His” back, with the Worms of Spirit constantly vanishing on
Klein’s body, he stubbornly endured the scorching sun’s heat and pointed
the Staff of the Stars at the evil spirit—the embodiment of the King of
Angels.
The Beyonder power that he had replicated once again had forcefully pulled
Dark Angel Sasrir into a dream!
However, unlike before, the moment Klein entered the dreamscape, he
immediately released his Sefirah Castle’s aura, transforming his body into
the strange door of light that was tainted with some bluish-black colors. The
door of light was made up of countless layers of illusory spherical light.
Every spherical light was deep down a transparent and translucent cluster of
twisted maggots.
Just like him, Dark Angel Sasrir revealed the traits of Chaos Sea. First,
“He” turned into a thick and sinister shadow, then “He” pulled open the
“curtain,” allowing the “sea” that contained all colors and something the
human language couldn’t describe to appear in the dream.
Silently, Sasrir and Klein opened their eyes at the same time and raised their
bodies slightly across each other.
One of them was covered in a faint shadow, while the other’s expression
was twisted and ferocious. Many Worms of Spirit crawled across the
surface of his body.
Klein’s Virtual Persona completely shattered.
Seizing this opportunity while Sasrir was affected, Lovia, who had the
shadow “cloak” draped over her, blinked her pale-gray eyes. She used the
two-meter-tall, squirming flesh to extend. Those skinless legs, which were
flowing with bright red liquid, stepped onto the ground at the same time.
With the help of the roiling winds, they pounced towards the Dark Angel.
A look of madness appeared in her eyes. It didn’t appear like it would take
long before her Spirit Body suffered complete corruption, pushing her
towards losing control.
However, at that moment, Lovia’s eyes were filled with more rationality
and determination.
She knew what she was doing and knew her current state and her
subsequent end.
Amidst the howling winds, her collapsing body, along with the shadow
“cloak,” landed on Dark Angel Sasrir’s body.
The squirming flesh and blood intruded as the thick shadow rapidly
expanded, binding the two figures together.
Without waiting for Lovia to speak, Colin Iliad had already understood her
intentions. He immediately roared in a low voice, “Attack!”
Boom!
His two swords tore through the void at the same time, allowing the silver
light to surge at Lovia and Dark Angel Sasrir who were embroiled with
each other.
Upon hearing the Chief’s words, Derrick bit his lip and spread open his
arms halfway.
The palace that was shrouded in the shadows suddenly lit up as huge balls
of light filled with holy flames appeared out of thin air. They enveloped the
Dark Angel and Lovia within, quickly melting them and igniting their flesh.
Flaring Sun!
Amid this bright glow, Lovia’s pale-gray eyes revealed the pain that she
acutely felt. Her voice echoed in an ethereal manner.
“I have never betrayed the City of Silver…”
Before she could finish her sentence, the flesh and the shadow “cloak” she
used to envelop Dark Angel Sasrir’s body swelled up.
Boom!
Lovia’s collapsing body was sent flying before she fell to the ground. Her
shadow tore apart, turning into a thin, illusory veil that slowly floated down.
Dark Angel Sasrir turned into a pitch-black and sticky sea filled with an
aura of Degeneration. It swallowed the remaining silvery-white light and
“Flaring Sun,” reducing it to nothing.
“He” immediately returned to “His” previous appearance—a giant dressed
in a gorgeous black robe with silver threads. However, the black wings on
his back had thinned significantly.
At the same time, “His” pupils turned vertical and turned golden.
A violent but surreal wind surged around “Him” and filled every corner of
the shadow palace with all sorts of thoughts.
Mind Deprivation!
Derrick’s recently condensed “Unshadowed Spear” disappeared. He stood
rooted to the ground in shock. Although Colin Iliad had a strong will, he
suffered from the madness, cruelty, and bloodlust of an incomplete
Mythical Creature form. All he could do was divert some attention to resist
the influence so as to prevent himself from losing control. Just as Klein
calmed down and allowed his Worms of Spirit to burrow back into his body,
he suffered an intense fear brought about by “Mind Deprivation.” His body
instantly convulsed, preventing him from using the Staff of the Stars.
Lovia’s body had already collapsed, and with her soul almost completely
corrupted, she was in a worse off state. She rolled on the ground struggling,
leaving behind blood-colored sticky liquid.
At this moment, Dark Angel Sasrir raised “His” left hand. The golden
colors in “His” eyes was replaced by two blazing white suns.
Rays of holy flames fell down one after another, striking Lovia’s body,
destroying her soul and purifying her flesh.
Lovia’s aura rapidly dissipated as her pale gray eyes lost their luster.
Her body, which had collapsed into a lump of flesh and blood, curled up.
The skinless arms covered in bright red liquid wrapped the milky-white,
large human skull tightly in front of her “chest” and pressed it under her.
Under the blazing “sunlight”, the holy flames burned. Lovia maintained this
posture, not allowing herself to move, nor allowing the human skull to be
revealed and receive any damage.
Another column of light shot down. Lovia’s body couldn’t help but bounce
up, but she still huddled there writhing.
Finally, this lump of distorted, disgusting, squirming flesh stopped moving
and covered the surface of the human skull. It was dark, dull, and damaged.
During the Dark Angel Sasrir’s act of murdering Lovia, Klein quickly
recovered from the effects of “Mind Deprivation” by using his unique traits
and past experience. He felt an uncontrollable sense of despair towards this
battle.
They had used all their strength, but they had only slightly injured the evil
spirit. Now that they had lost a demigod, the situation that followed would
probably be even worse.
What should I do? As Klein used Creeping Hunger to change his position,
his thoughts raced in search of any possible weaknesses.
It’s intrinsically an evil spirit… An evil spirit… Just as his figure appeared
elsewhere, he suddenly had an idea. He cast his gaze on the grayish-white
stone slate on the iron-black throne!
Some evil spirits had Beyonder characteristics, but most of them didn’t. The
source of their powers stemmed from other places, such as the spirit world.
The existence of evil spirits needed something to rely on. This might be the
“territory” that “He” was born in, or perhaps something special. The
common point was that evil spirits could use them to connect to the spirit
world or even the Underworld to obtain the power to maintain their
existence.
And this evil spirit that originated from Dark Angel Sasrir might even be
mixed with some of the will of the Primordial. Where did “His” powers
come from?
This was the Forsaken Land of the Gods, and the connection with the spirit
world was sealed. It was almost completely severed, making the powers
difficult to be effectively utilized. Klein could “Teleport” only by relying on
the uniqueness of a divine kingdom or the divine kingdom’s embryonic
form. As for the Giant King’s Court, it was clearly unable to provide the
powers of the Spectator, The Sun, The Hanged Man, Reader, and Tyrant
pathways. The traits the Dark Angel formerly possessed clearly belonged to
the True Creator at present, making it not present here.
Therefore, the answer to the source of the evil spirit’s power was very
simple:
Chaos Sea!
In the shadow palace, the only thing directly connected to Chaos Sea was
the Blasphemy Slate!
When Klein cast his gaze at the iron-black throne, he noticed that the City
of Silver’s Chief, Colin Iliad, had also glanced over.