Chapter 1178

I Have a Blessed
The gigantic silver snake looked down at Audrey and opened its blood-red
mouth.
“The Sequence 1 potion that Zaratul, the leader of the Secret Order,
consumed came from an Attendant of Mysteries. In other words, ‘He’
possesses an extra Miracle Invoker characteristic.
“Similarly, it was the same for the ancestor of the Antigonus family back
then. Of course, if they were interested in something, or if they had a
candidate who had won the favor of the family to the point of them being
willing to nurture them, then an angel with sufficiently high status can
separate the extra Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristic to the other
party.
The third Miracle Invoker’s Beyonder characteristic had combined with a
characteristic of mysterious origins. It has become Sealed Artifact 0-05,
also known as the Magic Wishing Lamp… A true deity once attempted to
destroy this item, to separate the characteristics and allow them to converge
automatically, but eventually failed.
“The fourth and fifth Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristics are in the
form of a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact that exists in the Churches of the Eternal
Blazing Sun and Lord of Storms. One of them is named 0-13. It comes from
the Third Epoch’s Creator, designated as ‘The Last Banquet.’ The other is
codenamed 0-32, a product of the War of the Four Emperors, designated as
‘Theater With Curtains That Never Draw.’
“The sixth Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristic might be in the
Forsaken Land of the Gods. During the Third Epoch, there was a remnant
Dark Demonic Wolf who occasionally appeared. After the Cataclysm, ‘He’
vanished without a trace.”
Audrey listened attentively and thought carefully for a moment before
saying, “You’re saying that, under the situation where the Attendant of
Mysteries spots are filled, there are only six Miracle Invokers. And now,
you only mentioned the Secret Order’s leader, Zaratul, and the ancestor of
the Antigonus family, but the spots don’t seem to be filled.
“In such a situation, there might be an extra Miracle Invoker Beyonder
characteristic.”
This wasn’t information that The World Gehrman Sparrow had informed
her of in advance. Instead, it was a question that Audrey had come up with
on her own accord from the details of the answer and her knowledge of
mysticism.
The eyes of the giant silver snake moved slightly.
“Indeed. There should be three Attendants of Mysteries.
“But in the Second Epoch, in the era when the ancient god, Flegrea, still
lived, the third set of the Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic
seemed to have disappeared without a trace. No one knows where it is.
Likewise for the corresponding Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristic.
Perhaps it has already combined together and has found a sufficiently
concealed method to hide itself.”
Audrey nodded gently and said, “I understand. I’ll pass on the information
to Mr. Dwayne Dantès.
“Oh… He even asked me to ask you if there’s anything you need his help
with?”
The giant silver snake slithered up and a third of its body stood up.
“No.
“A small matter.
“Yes, I have a Blessed who is an outstanding gourmet. He has a desire to
taste ice-cream from the various noble families, so as to determine the most
delicious one.”
…This request… Mr. Snake, uh—maybe it’s Ma’am Snake—is really nice
to her Blessed… “His” tone is as if he can’t wait… Hmm… This is too
simple. I can agree to help on Mr. World’s behalf and complete it on my
own. I’ll just treat it as accumulating the sufficient contributions needed to
exchange the potion formula… Audrey said thoughtfully, “No problem.
“But how do I send him the ice cream?”
The giant silver snake slowly coiled and said, “Sacrifice it to him. He’s
already a Sequence 3 saint and can accept sacrifices in the same city.
“His honorific name is ‘The Embodiment of Luck; The Clairvoyant
Monster, The Calamity that Spreads Misfortune, The Witnesses of all Fates
in Backlund, the Keeper of Chaos and Madness.”
There’s a difference between this honorific name and a normal Sequence
3’s. There’s no name at the end… Audrey’s eyes darted around slightly, but
she didn’t say anything further and nodded in agreement.
…
Keeper of Chaos and Madness… Will’s last honorific name is quite
interesting… This shouldn’t be the honorific name of the Snake of Fate, but
something that “He” used when “He” was at Sequence 3. Some tweaks
were made later on… The Monster pathway’s watches over chaos and
madness? Or could it be said that in this world, even for Fate, those at the
lower Sequences are in chaos and madness? Monsters are working hard to
resist all of this, making everything seem normal? After Klein heard Miss
Justice’s answer, he didn’t find it odd for Will Auceptin to request for ice-
cream. Instead, he found the honorific name of the Life School of Thought
president rather interesting.
Heh, having a Blessed… That’s like saying “I know someone”… Did Will
learn this from me? No, I have a real Blessed, Danitz! Later on, I’ll have
this fellow sacrifice something for me to eat. I can’t really eat those mutated
monsters or summon projections from the Historical Void, right? Yes, if I
have a chance, I’ll invite Little Sun to try them together. I can’t let him be
obsessed with Frank’s mushrooms… Uh, the number of Blessed serving
Will definitely won’t be less than mine. There might even be more. “He”
has the huge Life School of Thought… Klein conjured The World Gehrman
Sparrow and made him reply to Miss Justice, indicating that the ice-cream
contributed plenty.
After completing all of this, he rapped the edge of the long mottled table
and seriously considered the problem with the main ingredient of the
Miracle Invoker.
There’s no need to think about the Miracle Invoker Beyonder characteristic
with Zaratul. It’s impossible for “Him” to separate it to give it to me. “He”
only wants to turn me into “His” marionette…
It’s not like there’s zero hope with Antigonus’s two portions, but if that’s the
case, I’ll have to request it from the Goddess again. I can’t offer something
equivalent… I’m afraid… Besides, the Goddess might not be able to
provide it. The reason why “She” wants to seal The Half-Fool, who has lost
control, is probably because “She” is unable to kill “Him.” Once “He” is
killed, “He” will be able to escape his current predicament and revive
elsewhere—just like how I escaped from Amon. Under such a situation, the
Goddess has no way of getting Antigonus to separate a Miracle Invoker
Beyonder characteristic…
Even a true deity can’t shatter 0-05, so there’s no point targeting it. It’s
useless even if I have it… This Sealed Artifact’s origins are truly
mysterious. There’s something very fishy about it…
The Church of the Eternal Blazing Sun’s 0-13 is called “The Last Banquet.”
It comes from the City of Silver’s Creator… Why does this person always
like to use the names that have dangerous implications… The Church of the
Lord of Storms’s 0-32 is “Theater With Curtains That Never Draw”… Just
the sound of it allows me to imagine what it’s like… The chances of
obtaining these two Grade 0 Sealed Artifacts are very low, but it’s not
impossible. It just depends on whether the Eternal Blazing Sun and Lord of
Storms are willing to support my growth so as to contain Amon…
Yes. Up to now, “They” have yet to show any kindness. I can’t find a
suitable way to interact with the right person. I can’t possibly use divination
to spy on the Eternal Blazing Sun again and communicate with “Him”
through space, right? If that happens, wouldn’t it be better if “He” directly
invades Sefirah Castle and takes control of this place?
If I were to nurture Mr. Hanged Man and wait till he has the qualifications
to come into contact with a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, I’ll most likely have
become Amon…
The True Creator knows a clue to the third characteristic of the Attendant of
Mysteries… “His” divine kingdom and holy residence are in the Forsaken
Land of the Gods… These two might be related somehow…
The two sets of Miracle Invoker characteristics and an Attendant of
Mysteries characteristics are highly likely to be in the Forsaken Land of the
Gods… I wonder which one is in the Nois ruins?
Yes, the True Creator should only know a clue, and not its exact location.
Otherwise, “He” would’ve obtained that Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder
characteristic before the War of the Four Emperors and effectively increased
“His” subordinates’ strength…
In other words, the Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic is
something even a true deity can’t obtain quickly, and it’s necessary to
search for it. It might not be so easy for Amon to come across it, allowing
“Him” to set up a trap… If the danger within the ruins were only recently
found—having just been transplanted—it would match this trait…
From the looks of it, I still have to make a trip. However, I have to be
careful enough. The danger comes from Amon and also from the ruins.
Hmm, I’ll do a divination first, then I’ll observe and gather intelligence
from a distance. I won’t enter blindly and will be patient enough.
Klein conjured a pen and paper and was about to write the corresponding
divination statement when he suddenly thought of something and decided to
make another confirmation.
He drew a complicated symbol that was a mixture of concealment and
mystery prying. He threw it into the crimson star representing The
Magician. With Gehrman Sparrow’s image and tone, he asked her to
question Arrodes.
…
Backlund, East Borough. Fors, who was about to move houses, drew the
curtains and lit a candle. She set up a mirror and found Xio to act as a
bystander.
She then drew the symbol that Mr. World had given her.
In the room, the environment gradually turned dark as cold winds stirred,
causing the two to tremble.
The surface of the mirror suddenly rippled, forming ancient dark red Feysac
text:
“You have summoned the great Arrodes. You have to abide by the
corresponding rules:
“You have to answer a question for every question asked. If you lie or
refuse to answer, you will be punished.”
“Alright,” Fors, who had been warned, calmly replied.
Following that, she asked curiously, “Where can one obtain the main
ingredient of the Miracle Invoker potion?”
On the surface of the mirror, dark red words appeared one after another as
other lines vanished. They answered the question in detail:
It’s basically the same as Will’s answer… Above the gray fog, through the
crimson star representing Miss Magician, Klein watched the specific
process and nodded in disappointment.
After Fors memorized the answer, she said nervously, “It’s your turn to
ask.”
The dark red words changed and formed a new sentence:
“Have you had an erotic dream in the past year?”
Phew… Thankfully, it’s still okay… Fors heaved a sigh of relief and said,
“Yes.”
This was human nature. She didn’t feel that there was anything to be
ashamed of.
Following that, she raised the second question:
“Do you have any suggestions on the matter regarding obtaining the main
ingredient of the Miracle Invoker?”
Arrodes dispersed the dark red text and used silver colors to form new
words:
“The Abraham family still holds the Apprentice pathway’s Sequence 2
Planeswalker potion formula, as well as the corresponding powerful Sealed
Artifacts. A total of two of them.
“The Aurora Order also has one.”
This… Klein’s eyes lit up as he thought of a new possibility.
“Is that so…” Fors frowned slightly and said, “It’s your turn to ask a
question.”
The silver color on the surface of the mirror faded away as dark red colors
formed a sentence:
“Other than you, who else was the star of your erotic dream?”
Fors gaped as her face flushed red.