Chapter 1010

: Consultant Fee
In the mouth of one of Miss Messenger’s heads was a neatly folded letter.
“Who’s it from?” Klein asked in passing.
Reinette Tinekerr’s remaining three heads replied, “The…” “Mushroom…”
“King’s…” “Superior…”
Mushroom King? Klein was stunned for a full two seconds before realizing
that it could be Frank Lee.
And Frank Lee’s superior was Admiral of Stars, Cattleya.
“The ‘Mushroom King’ is Frank Lee?” Klein asked in confirmation as he
reached out to take the letter.
With the four blonde, red-eyed heads’ hair being held, they were made to
bob up and down as though they were nodding.
Miss Messenger even gives others nicknames… That’s not right. Frank
doesn’t just specialize in mushrooms. His “domains” include cows, malt,
fish, Rose Bishops… It’s because Frank has had a breakthrough in his
mushroom experiments, so Miss Messenger saw a boat-full of mushrooms?
Klein couldn’t help but draw a breath as he hurriedly unfolded the letter.
He was worried that the letter was Ma’am Hermit’s plea for help.
Of course, he wasn’t too anxious because, at the most critical juncture, an
experienced pirate like Admiral of Stars would definitely choose to pray to
Mr. Fool.
This letter did come from the Future’s captain, Cattleya. On it were neatly
written words:
“… The Queen has already confirmed the time and place. Wednesday, 11
p.m. Same place.
“…I’ve no idea what you said to Frank Lee, but I can tell that he has been
very excited recently. He has done many experiments with the Artisan. He
said that he would be able to produce another phase of results in three-to
six-months time. He also made it clear that if he were to obtain the Druid
potion, he could save on making many intermediary objects and directly
produce the final outcome. All I can say is that I wish you the best.
“…I hope that everything will come to an end before the Artisan completely
breaks down. He has already begun regretting his faith in the Primordial
Moon…”
Should I be happy that the securing of the City of Silver’s food supply has
progressed, or should I be worried about accidents? Klein rubbed his
temples and decided to put the matter aside. After all, Ma’am Hermit, who
was almost about to become a demigod, was watching Frank. If some
unexpected development really happened, she would definitely seek help.
Phew… Having finally confirmed his meeting with Queen Mystic, he
heaved a sigh of relief and flicked his wrist, burning the letter in scarlet red
flames.
After watching Miss Messenger leave, he continued splitting a Worm of
Spirit when he suddenly frowned. He felt that the desk and the letter’s ashes
in the trash can were abnormally off-putting.
Subconsciously, Klein got some tissue and wiped the desk before covering
the trash can.
After doing all of this, he looked at his dirtied hands and stood up. He
headed for the washroom and turned on the tap.
As he washed his hands, he caught sight of the toilet beside him through the
corner of his eye. He frowned bit by bit again.
“Today’s cleaning wasn’t done well enough…” Klein softly muttered and
suddenly sensed something wrong with him.
Amidst his thoughts, his spiritual intuition quickly explained why he was
feeling this way.
This was a side effect of using Death Knell!
As he had already become a demigod, allowing him to have a qualitative
change in his Spirit Body and attain godhood; the corresponding negative
effects had been reduced by more than 90%. The terrifying weakness of
germaphobia ended up becoming a trait of cleanliness OCD.
Likewise, the period of weakness dropped from six hours to one hour. And
the thirst that Death Knell gave him was no longer as obvious.
“Thankfully…” Klein heaved a sigh of relief as he skillfully pulled out the
toilet brush from the side.
Eleven in the evening, above the gray fog, due to Emlyn White’s request, all
the members who had involved themselves in the punishment operation-
Justice, The Star, Judgment, The Magician, and The Hanged Man
-appeared inside the ancient magnificent palace.
“These are all the spoils of war.” Emlyn threw 3,000 pounds that he had just
sacrificed in the middle of the table and explained, “One of the mystical
items was Oath of Rose. It’s a paired ring, allowing the wearers to be able
to share their senses and thoughts with one another within a normal-sized
city regardless of the distance. It’s very valuable, but only one of the rings
was acquired. It would spell danger for anyone who takes it. Therefore, I
handed it over to the Sanguine upper echelons and received 3,000 pounds in
return.”
He originally thought of keeping the 3,000 pounds as his spoils of war, but
he decided that it was better to sacrifice it and make it be one of the options.
After a pause, Emlyn introduced the other items, listing their uses and
negative side effects. He had even added more to the description-knowledge
stemmed from his penchant for Sanguine history and some shared by Ernes
Boyar under Father Utravsky’s watch.
He is doing it with the intent of flaunting… Otherwise, with Mr. Moon’s
character, he wouldn’t say so much… Oh, the reason for him being relaxed
is due to Mr. Fool’s absence… Audrey watched as a bystander without
saying which item she wanted.
Alger glanced at the spoils of war and said to Emlyn, “Have you met the
Sanguine upper echelons? Has the hunting of the key members of the Rose
School of Thought been confirmed?”
“Pretty much. I’ve also established contact with a member from the
temperance faction. However, he wishes to carry out the operation after
September.” Emlyn didn’t hide the truth, believing that Mr. Hanged Man
could provide useful pointers.
Indeed, Alger nodded and asked, “It has to be after September?
“This means that they are waiting for something that will drastically change
the situation…”
Klein, who was waiting for the mini-gathering to end somewhere else in the
ancient palace, suspected that it had something to do with Miss Sharron’s
advancement when he heard that.
According to Miss Sharron, she should’ve been able to attempt the demigod
ritual in July… Don’t tell me that this ritual will last at least a month? If
that’s the case, it’s quite different from the other pathways… Klein had a
theory he wasn’t too sure about.
“Possibly.” Emlyn thought for a while before agreeing with Mr. Hanged
Man’s words.
Following that, he surveyed the area and said with a smile, “You can begin
choosing.”
Audrey had Mr. World’s promised Fate Siphon charm, and Leonard had
obtained the corresponding rewards from Old Man Pallez. They appeared
rather calm with the spoils of war “offered” by the Sanguine Viscount.
None of them rushed to speak as they politely waited for the others to go
first.
In addition, they had either experienced an angel-level battle in person or
witnessed the horror brought about by Amon’s avatars. Furthermore, they
had confirmed that the Tarot Club contained potent forces, and they were
suffering from some level of mental fatigue.
Xio looked to her right before looking forward. Seeing everyone being so
modest, she broke the silence.
“I was involved in a very simple part of this and didn’t take much of a risk.
Furthermore, Mr. Moon has already paid 60 pounds in advance. I’ll just
take the cash in the wallet.”
As she spoke, she took the handcrafted wallet, took out the cash, and
counted it.
“335 pounds.”
Emlyn surveyed the area and nodded when no one objected.
“Okay.”
As for the handcrafted wallet, Xio threw it in the middle of the table and
returned it to Mr. Moon to handle it himself.
With Xio taking the lead, Fors said, “I only lent out Leymano’s Travels and
didn’t take on any risks. I’ll take that Moon Paper Figurine…”
Compared to the mystical items, such expendable Beyonder items were
relatively lower in value.
However, to The Magician herself, she wouldn’t have selected a mystical
item even if she was qualified. This was because she could hire the
corresponding member to Record it if she needed a particular power of the
mystical item. As for Moon Paper Figurine, an expendable item that could
take a fatal blow and Psychic Piercing once, it couldn’t be Recorded. It was
definitely the first choice for someone who feared for her life.
After saying that, she waited for a moment. Only when no one objected did
she take the Moon Paper Figurine.
Emlyn then cast his gaze at Miss Justice. Leonard extended his hand and
said with a smile, “Ladies first.”
Audrey didn’t decline the offer as she swept her gaze across the items on
the table. She pointed at the diamond brooch and said with a smile, “I’ll
take this.”
She had heard Mr. Moon mention that its name was Alcohol Nemesis. It
kept the wearer brimming with energy with lucidity in their thoughts, giving
them resistance to influences on the Body of Heart and Mind.
Thankfully, I had first used Bribe-Charm to be safe, and with Ernes still
being in a half-conscious state after waking up from the dream, I wouldn’t
have been able to Hypnotize him… This item is also useful to me. At the
very least, it will give me another layer of protection when facing the
higher-level members of the Psychology Alchemists… I don’t have to
worry about the negative effects if I don’t always wear it… Audrey thought
thankfully as she retracted her gaze from the diamond brooch in
satisfaction.
After the selection, Emlyn didn’t give Leonard the chance to speak as he
directly said, “This Moon Sash is yours.”
From his point of view, the Moon Sash was worth more than 5,000 pounds,
something more valuable than the 3,000 pounds in cash.
Actually, I was leaning towards taking the 3,000 pounds… I have to buy the
Word of the Sea, and the price is still 10,000 pounds after Klein gave a
discount… After spending that, I’ll only have 650 pounds in savings…
Leonard ultimately didn’t reject it as he nodded.
“Okay.”
Emlyn finished distributing the spoils of war and picked up the remaining
3,000 pounds in cash. He then split a stack and pushed it to the side.
“Mr. Hanged Man, this is your payment. 1,000 pounds.”
“You should call it the consultation fee.” Without Mr. Fool present, Fors
was also a lot more relaxed.
Alger didn’t stand on ceremony as he nodded, reaching out to take the stack
of cash.
“The compensation for the carriage driver will also be borne by me.” Emlyn
surveyed the area in a rather good mood.
11 p.m. on Wednesday, at the south entrance of the Backlund Bridge.
A figure quickly phased into existence in the night sky, with one hand on
his hat and the other hand by his buttons.
He had black hair, brown eyes, and sharp facial features. This strongest
adventurer with the cold expression was none other than Gehrman Sparrow.