Chapter 1305

: That Black Shadow
The moment Bernadette saw the black shadow, she instinctively clenched
her right hand and conjured an ancient spear.
From the tip of the spear to its handle, it was dyed with crimson red balls. It
emitted a strong destructive aura, as though it could harm a true deity.
Spear of Longinus!
This spear had once appeared in an ancient era that couldn’t be traced back,
stained with the blood of a great existence. At this moment, it had
descended into the Black Emperor’s mausoleum through Mystical Re-
enactment.
However, when Bernadette thrust it forward, she failed to achieve any
effects because the tip of the spear was directed at her back.
Despite wanting to attack the black shadow in front of her, the Spear of
Longinus had strangely thrust backward.
The area had been affected by “disorder,” or suffered some form of
distortion.
Above the gray fog in the palace, Klein noticed the black shadow when it
appeared in front of Bernadette. He didn’t hesitate to raise the Staff of the
Stars in his hand.
He didn’t wait this time, unlike his prior observations of Queen Mystic’s
actions before where he would consider if he would provide her with
protection. This was because the level of danger of the black shadow
sounded off alarms within him. He was an angel of the Seer pathway after
all.
More importantly, Bernadette could sense the shadow’s existence after
entering the Black Emperor’s mausoleum from time to time. As for Klein,
he was unable to find clues through the true vision provided by Sefirah
Castle.
This undoubtedly meant danger and terror.
When all the gems embedded in the black cane lit up, the sound of
melodious bells resounded in the area where Bernadette and the black
shadow were.
Gong!
The bell that came from an infinite distance exuded an indescribable
emptiness. It made the interior of the Black Emperor’s mausoleum visibly
freeze, turning Bernadette’s figure stiff as if she had been frozen. She
couldn’t do anything.
However, the black shadow didn’t sink into the vortex of time. As though
situated in another world built with completely different fundamental rules,
the shadow continued moving forward in between the contradictory of two
rivers of fate—one filled with raging torrents and one that was almost
completely still.
This only made it appear to slow down, in no way affected by the illusory
bell.
This was the first time Klein had encountered such a situation after he
gained the ability to replicate powers.
Although the Beyonder effects he had replicated with the Staff of the Stars
were lacking compared to the original version, it would still be able to show
a certain level of authority that wasn’t easy to ignore regardless.
However, the black shadow’s slow movements gave him a second chance to
try again.
This time, he activated the Staff of the Stars’s powers and moved Queen
Mystic out of the Black Emperor’s mausoleum. He wanted her to first
conclude what she experienced before considering entering again.
Gems flashed on the tip of the staff, and Bernadette, who was almost about
to make contact with the black shadow, disappeared into thin air.
In the next second, she appeared tens of meters away, appearing near the
high platform in the mausoleum.
The Staff of the Stars’s teleportation was disrupted. The destination had
been distorted, turning everything extremely chaotic.
The experienced Bernadette didn’t feel any fear or panic because she was
stuck inside the Black Emperor mausoleum. She decisively raised her left
hand and pressed the Sage Frontlet in the middle of her forehead as she
used her fingers to stroke the Pale Death mask.
The shimmering golden mask suddenly became soft and rapidly squirmed
as if it was about to form a face that didn’t belong to Bernadette.
The face had soft features and obvious characteristics of a Southern
Continent native, but it exuded a bizarre and terrifying feeling. Anyone who
witnessed it would believe that it would come alive once the face became
clear enough—an entity that came from ancient times, the eternal darkness
where the dead slumbered.
By then, Bernadette’s body, spirituality, and consciousness would all belong
to this face.
With the protrusion of this face, the stone walls and floor tiles in the Black
Emperor mausoleum began to weather. It happened so fast that thousands of
years appeared to be washed away in a short span of two seconds.
They quickly became mottled, constantly dropping fragments or throwing
up dust due to the wind. In between the cracks, thin white fur grew out.
In just the blink of an eye, the fur grew into white feathers, and their surface
seemed to be soaked in light-yellow oil.
The aura of the black figure gradually weakened, as though it was running
towards death with huge strides.
Its color faded away, its movements growing slower.
Within the area where the pale-white mask was, even the concept of “death”
itself would weather away and dissipate.
However, what was labeled as “death” wasn’t the endpoint. When the stone
wall and the floor tiles in the mausoleum were weathered to a certain
extent, and when the black figure degraded to a certain stage, new stone
blocks began to take form as ethereal auras quickly grew.
During this process, the black figure stretched out his right hand.
This palm that was formed from shadows suddenly grabbed Bernadette’s
neck from dozens of meters away!
This wasn’t fulfilled by extending the arm, but distorting the concept of
distance for an instant—45 meters became equivalent to 45 centimeters.
The dark palm didn’t exert too much strength, but it made Bernadette feel
cold.
Under such coldness, she realized that she couldn’t use the two Grade 0
Sealed Artifacts of the Sage Frontlet and Pale Death.
Typically, as long as she injected her spirituality into it and gave the
corresponding thoughts, the Sealed Artifacts on her would react in the
correct manner, creating different effects. But now, the silent process and
rules had been disrupted and distorted. No amount of thoughts that
Bernadette willed were able to stir the Sealed Artifacts.
It felt like she was speaking to the air.
Klein, who was above the gray fog, didn’t waste any time after failing to
teleport Queen Mystic away. A series of complicated symbols and magic
labels quickly formed in his mind.
He wanted to replicate a Secrets Sorcerer’s “Space Concealment.” He
planned on separating Bernadette’s location from the Black Emperor’s
mausoleum and concealing it to help Queen Mystic escape her current
predicament.
In fact, it might be more appropriate replicating the fairytale magic, Peace
Blossom Source, but considering how Bernadette was formerly a
Mysticologist, Klein felt that it was better to use Space Concealment.
Otherwise, it might expose some of The Fool’s secrets.
As for where he had learned “Space Concealment” from, it naturally came
from the recently advanced Fors.
Previously, in the name of The World Gehrman Sparrow, Klein had rented
Leymano’s Travels. He had also requested Miss Magician to “Record” the
corresponding powers.
Then, he released and recorded it while summoning the complete
Leymano’s Travels from the fog of history again and again. It didn’t take
long for him to grasp the knowledge and technique, allowing him to
replicate “Spatial Concealment.”
As more gems lit up on the Staff of the Stars, the area around Bernadette
darkened, as though it was covered by a curtain weaved by shadows.
The curtain distorted as it concealed the space, isolating the black shadow
and its palm outside.
This helped Bernadette regain her freedom.
In the next second, the black palm that had been forcefully separated
reached forward again and touched the boundary of the concealed space.
In an instant, a transparent vortex-like “door” appeared in the abnormal
void. Or rather, the secret “door” that originally existed appeared
autonomously and opened up in front of the black palm.
All concealed space had a “door,” but the location of the door depended on
the creator’s thoughts.
The palm formed by the shadows rapidly passed through the open “door”
and entered the concealed space. It grabbed Bernadette’s neck and once
again disrupted the connection between Queen Mystic and her Sealed
Artifact, distorting the corresponding order.
At the same time, the black figure raised its head and looked at the top of
the mausoleum.
It seemed to be studying Sefirah Castle and Klein through layers of space
and fog.
Klein’s eyelids twitched instinctively.
He sensed that the shadow had a certain understanding of where he was and
felt that it was distorting something.
Klein’s expression unknowingly turned abnormally heavy. The different
gems on the Staff of the Stars lit up at the same time.
He wanted to attempt to steal the corresponding Beyonder powers of the
other party. Only by doing so would he have the chance to restrict the black
shadow.
And in order to increase the success rate of stealing his target’s powers,
Klein turned his left palm and tapped the edge of the long mottled table.
However, his “theft” failed. He didn’t even get anything.
His target had long since escaped the lock-on, despite just standing there!
Klein’s gaze froze. Then, he saw the black figure flash and enter the
concealed space, closing the distance between it and Bernadette.
This… It distorted my true vision, causing the situation I saw to be from
one or even two seconds ago… A thought flashed through Klein’s mind as
he made a preliminary judgment on the previous failure. He then decided to
summon Will Auceptin’s historical projection to get “Him” to reboot the
area.
At that moment, Bernadette, who was unable to use her Sealed Artifact,
grew white, illusory swan feathers on her back.
This was her fairytale magic’s “Ugly Duckling.” It could make Bernadette
reveal an incomplete Mythical Creature form while maintaining her clarity
of mind. Should could use it twice a day, with each use lasting fifteen
seconds.
At this moment, her thoughts went wild again. They started to boil and
become more chaotic.
This caused her “Ugly Duckling” magic to be cut off before it could even
show its effects.
Almost at the same time, she saw the black shadow stick to her body. It was
sticky like a viscous, corrosive liquid that seeped into her body.
Bernadette’s eyes darkened as she suddenly sensed something. She grabbed
the final moment of lucidity and opened her mouth slightly, speaking in a
fluent Chinese accent:
“Home…”
The black shadow’s infiltration paused for a moment. Its upper body slowly
rose as it looked at Bernadette.