Chapter 609

: Paying a Visit
Amidst the clacking sounds, the radio transceiver spewed out a brand new
piece of illusory white paper under the crimson moonlight in the dim
environment.
“Inside Leonard Mitchell resides an angel from the Zoroast family. ‘He’
once changed my question.”
Angel? There’s an angel residing in Leonard’s body? An angel from the
Fourth Epoch’s Zoroast family? Although Klein was mentally prepared to
hear an incredible secret, he was still shocked by what Arrodes divulged.
He was deeply concerned and surprised as well.
An angel referred to Beyonders at Sequence 1 or 2, making them rather
close to the state of a true god. They had all sorts of mystical characteristics,
and they could even influence Low-Sequence Beyonders of the same
pathway to a certain extent and range. They were mighty figures who stood
at the pinnacle of the real world. In the various Churches, only their popes,
pontiffs, chief shepherds, as well as certain legendary ascetics were
Grounded Angels. Therefore, Klein believed that being latched onto by a
parasite of this level wasn’t a good thing.
In the dark Second Epoch, the angels all had their divine names, and they
were subsidiaries to the ancient gods…
I haven’t indirectly or directly interacted with many angels—Blasphemer
Amon; Calamity Queen Cohinem; the evil spirit suspected to be Red Angel
Medici; Tail Devourer Ouroboros as described by Little Sun; Miracle
Invoker Zaratul from Roselle’s diaries; son of the Creator, Adam; Hermes
who cannot be confirmed if he’s an angel or not; Snake of Fate, Will
Auceptin, who’s still inside his mother’s womb…
Apart from the last two, the others appear to be very evil. Even the words
they leave behind might make the reader go crazy or lose control… Would
my dear poet ultimately end up as a sacrificial item of this angel parasite…
This can explain why he thinks of himself as the protagonist of a play, the
special one, and he was willing to help me hide my secret… The Zoroast
family is in control of the Marauder pathway, which is the pathway that can
steal the Beyonder powers of others. That’s why Leonard was able to find
and participate in the gathering of the Hermits of Fate… It’s no wonder he
offered to use Blood Vessel Thief—it’s because he has a Grandpa 1 to help
him. He was able to instantly steal Megose’s most potent power…
Heh, what Hermits of Fate. They’re just a bunch of thieves and frauds. At
best, the target of their theft and fraud is that of time and fate…
In short, my dear poet’s Grandpa isn’t a good person. I have to find a
chance to warn him… But here comes the problem, they’re always together.
Any warning will only expedite the problem.
Klein’s thoughts raced, but he ultimately failed to come up with an option
he can act upon. All he could do was temporarily shelve the matter and plan
on asking Mr. Azik and Snake of Mercury, Will Auceptin, to see if they had
any solutions.
In those few minutes, he even thought of using Blasphemer Amon. To put it
simply, it was to divulge information to the son of the Creator that the angel
from the Zoroast family was residing in Leonard Mitchell’s body, getting
“Him” to “eat” up the parasite.
According to what Klein knew, the Amon family supported the Tudor
Empire during the Fourth Epoch, while the Zoroast family belonged to the
Solomon Empire, making the two enemies. Furthermore, according to the
Law of Beyonder Characteristics Conservation, powerhouses from the same
pathway would have greater conflicts the higher their Sequence was. This
was akin to the battle between the two Snakes of Mercury.
Unfortunately, this solution was restricted by reality and was ultimately
abandoned by Klein. This was because he didn’t know where to find
Blasphemer Amon. Secondly, he was afraid that the battle at the level of
angels would directly destroy Leonard Mitchell. And thirdly, a powerful
Amon might be a very bad and serious matter.
I’ll first get Emlyn to attempt the transaction and observe the actual
situation. I can decide on what to do when I know more… Klein retracted
his thoughts and said to the radio transceiver which was connected to
Arrodes, “Ask your question.”
The clacking of the radio transceiver became increasingly brisker as the
illusory white paper was gently spewed out.
“No, there’s no need.
“This is an addendum to my question which doesn’t need to abide by the
rules.
“Great Master, I sense a special item outside your room, but I am unable to
see through it. Can you tell me what it is?”
This magic mirror is impressive. It seems to be able to see everything. It just
suffers from interference when it deals with high-level matters as though
there’s a mosaic… Klein calmly replied, “Die of Probability.”
Amidst the taping sounds, Arrodes presented new words on the illusory
piece of white paper.
“So it’s that thing… Great Master, you can ask your question.”
Klein thought for a moment before saying, “What do you have to mention
regarding the Die of Probability?”
At this point in time, the radio transceiver seemed to brighten up and no
longer looked as gloomy as before. The speed at which illusory white paper
spewed out slowed down.
“It’s a fellow that’s especially petty and bears grudges. Master, you have to
quickly give it to someone else!
“It’s an item formed from the Uniqueness of the Wheel of Fortune. You can
give it to any other Snake of Fate and ‘They’ will be very grateful. In short,
it’s not suitable to be your servant.
“The aura is dissipating. Your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, has no
choice but to leave. Finally, let me praise you once again, my Great Master,
the ruler above the spirit world. Bye bye~”
Uniqueness… The Die of Probability is actually the Uniqueness of the
Monster pathway… This is the first time I’m encountering a so-called
Uniqueness. It really is terrifying that can digitize the entire real world…
The Monster pathway is also called the Wheel of Fortune pathway.
Sequence 0 is the Wheel of Fortune? Klein looked at the radio transceiver
which had returned to normal, and he temporarily reined in his thoughts.
He didn’t harbor any greed towards the Die of Probability. This was
because it wasn’t part of the Seer pathway, and it came with extremely
terrifying negative side effects. He was also afraid that, with time, this die
which bore grudges would attract Tail Devourer Ouroboros over.
Even if this thing can be isolated and sealed when placed above the gray
fog, there’s a high chance of it digitizing the entire mysterious space. In the
future, the Tarot Gatherings might end up becoming a tabletop role-playing
game… Klein had never come into contact with items of this level before,
so he was unable to determine what would happen if he were to throw the
Die of Probability above the gray fog.
He decided to continue intimidating the die, and he would successfully send
it to Oravi Island where there would be Life School of Thought members
who had the means to seal it. As for the problem of the mission exceeding
the payment he would receive, he didn’t mind it. This was because the
greatest benefit he would gain was the friendship of the Snake of Fate Will
Auceptin.
…
Backlund, Harvest Church.
Emlyn White held a strange badge which was the size of an eyeball and
chuckled inwardly.
The World sure is long-winded. Isn’t it just finding a Nighthawk named
Leonard Mitchell at Pinster Street in North Borough? He even specially
emphasized that the person has a secret and that there’s a high chance of
me being pulled into a dream.
This is showing doubt in my abilities!
Emlyn stood up and changed into a tailcoat and white shirt. He then turned
his head to look out the window.
Heh heh, he has a secret, while I have mine. I dare bet that Lord Nibbs or
other Earls are secretly watching me. If anything were to happen, they will
definitely provide me with help to a certain degree… Being pulled into a
dream… Emlyn contemplated for a few seconds before using the materials
which were rich in spirituality to concoct a blue medicine.
Putting away the bottle and medicine, he picked up a silk top hat and
walked out of the break room. After bidding farewell to Bishop Utravsky,
he left the Harvest Church.
It was still morning, but Backlund’s sky was gloomy. There was a faint fog
that spread like water.
Emlyn squinted his eyes and wore his hat, murmuring to himself, “The
sunlight is a little blinding…”
He hailed a rental carriage and went straight for the steam metro station. He
spent six pence on a first-class ticket to North Borough.
This saved him a lot more time than heading straight there!
About forty minutes later, he arrived at his destination and stood outside the
door of 7 Pinster Street.
Emlyn politely rang the doorbell and patiently waited for a minute.
Just as he was about to write a note and stuff it into the hole beneath the
door to schedule a better time for a visit, he suddenly heard languid
footsteps approaching.
Doesn’t sound like a servant… Emlyn nodded indiscernibly and took out the
medicine he had concocted in advance and cleanly drank it.
Then, he watched the door open and saw a black-haired, green-eyed man
appear before him. He was dressed in home wear—a white shirt and black
trousers. His shirt was untucked, allowing it to flutter gently in the wind.
Amidst his suaveness were hints of uninhibited freedom.
Although he’s a believer of Evernight, I have to say that his looks are barely
comparable to us Sanguine… Emlyn took off his hat and gently raised his
chin.
“Good morning, are you Mr. Leonard Mitchell?”
Leonard frowned indiscernibly as he looked at the handsome, red-eyed
gentleman. He raised his hand to cover his mouth and indifferently yawned.
“You are?”
“A visitor. I have something I would like to seek your help on.” Emlyn
didn’t reveal his identity as he smiled with a rather obvious arrogance.
This attitude gave Leonard a baffling sense of familiarity. It was as though
he had seen his former self—the person who always thought of himself as
being the most special, the protagonist of this era.
He cleared his throat and said, “I’m only an ordinary citizen. I do not accept
missions.
“If you have any issues, then you can find a private detective.”
Emlyn White smiled and said, “This matter is something only you can
complete.”
He looked to his sides and continued, “I wish to purchase a mystical item
that can steal the Beyonder powers of others.”
Leonard’s eyes focused as he asked in a deep voice, “Who are you?”
At this moment, Emlyn didn’t immediately answer. Instead, he surveyed his
surroundings and clicked his tongue with a smile.
“Impressive. I nearly failed to realize that I had been pulled into a dream.”
He wasn’t in a rush to leave as he took out the small badge he received from
The World in front of Leonard Mitchell’s solemn expression.
Leonard took a glance as his expression eased slightly. He cocked his head
slightly and paused for a few seconds.
Silently, Emlyn White saw the scene around him rapidly shatter and vanish
like shattering glass.
Leonard sneered and pointed inside the house.
“Let’s talk inside.”