Chapter 1255

Mocking Himself
As the smile of “sincerity” appeared on Klein’s face, the face of the
Spectator Saint that Enuni had split suddenly cracked open. The silver
cracks were all over the place, intertwining with each other, appearing
extremely chaotic.
Klein seized the opportunity and used his Silver Knight marionette’s silver
sword to condense a “Silver Rapier” to attack him!
A sharp light shot out, dicing that figure into countless small pieces.
However, these small blocks were abnormally illusory, with zero
corporealness.
The Spectator Saint had used the technique of Psychological Invisibility to
create an illusion, concealing his existence!
Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!
Silver beams of light either blazed towards the Spectator Saint that Enuni
had split off, or directly leaped out from the target’s location, erupting from
within.
The Spectator Saint relied on the speed and agility that a powerful body
brought. He constantly changed positions and dodged, preventing himself
from getting injured.
As he had a precise understanding and control of his psyche and mind,
Klein’s intuition for danger prevented an image from forming in his mind,
so it was difficult for Klein to predict his actions. Therefore, Klein couldn’t
let the “Silver Rapier” lay in wait and strike out where he appeared.
Tap! Tap! Tap!
The huge knight, who was covered in solid silver armor, held his
broadsword and charged at his target, as though he could topple a mountain.
Due to the existence of the Unshadowed Domain, Klein’s Silver Knight
marionette was unable to hide himself using the light. He could only
directly attack.
Upon seeing this, the Spectator Saint’s body suddenly swelled, turning into
a hideous, grayish-white scaled dragon that was covered in shadows, a
manifestation of godhood.
The dragon’s body was huge; its gray scales firm. Its claws were powerful,
and it managed to block the Silver Knight’s slash.
Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! The giant and the giant dragon smashed through
the brick rocks of the ancient divine kingdom, causing the palace to
collapse. It was a mess.
Klein maintained his exaggerated smile and seriously controlled his
marionette to ignore Shadow.
No, he still did some level of interference.
He controlled the Spirit Body Threads of himself, the marionette, the City
of Silver’s Chief, Lovia, and Little Sun, preventing them from being
controlled by Shadow. From time to time, he would reach out his hand and
summon the historical projection that Shadow was attempting to summon.
This effectively canceled out both parties’ efforts.
Apart from that, Klein didn’t even glance at Shadow.
Shadow wandered for a while before opening its mouth helplessly and
making a “bang” sound.
An Air Cannon shot out and struck the Silver Knight marionette before
exploding.
Amidst the rumbling sound, the marionette only shook slightly before
returning to normal. The silver armor he wore didn’t show a single crack.
“Haha.” Upon seeing this scene, Klein laughed out loud, giving off the
feeling that he was about to bend over in a fit of laughter.
How could he not be aware of how weak his attacks and defense were?
When the two core skills of controlling Spirit Body Threads and the
summoning of the Historical Void projections were rendered ineffective,
Shadow, who had no marionettes, could only watch from the side. Be it Air
Cannons, Flame Controlling, Illusion Creation, or the Clown’s combat
ability, they were all just embellishments or support.
Likewise, Klein didn’t attack Shadow, because he knew how frustrating it
was to deal with Paper Figurine Substitutes, Flaming Jump, Damage
Transfer, and Illusion Creation. He knew that there was no way he could
deal with the other party in such a short period of time. He might as well let
him be a member of the live audience. After all, he couldn’t affect the
battle.
Upon hearing the mocking laughter, the pitch-black Shadow froze for a
moment before pouncing forward. It approached Klein and targeted him
with attacks.
On the other side, when Enuni’s true form landed in front of the three
demigods of the City of Silver, Colin Iliad quickly glanced at Derrick
before looking away. He crossed his swords, forming a cross that blocked
the path ahead.
While doing this, this City of Silver Chief’s clothes tore apart by his rapidly
expanding muscles.
In the blink of an eye, Colin Iliad had turned into a giant that was nearly six
meters tall. His body was grayish-blue and his muscles were bluish-black.
He was a ripped giant.
There was a dark crack on his forehead that seemed to be capable of
attracting the souls around him, and his eyes were gone.
Every inch of the giant’s skin and flesh contained immense power, infinite
mystery, and a strange spiritual influence. It made everyone who witnessed
it inevitably feel a sharp pain in their psyche, turning them into a rampaging
mess that wanted to destroy everything, including themselves.
Inside the “Unshadowed Domain,” Colin Iliad didn’t need to worry that the
divine kingdom’s suppression would prevent him from controlling this
incomplete Mythical Creature form, causing him to completely lose control.
The invisible barrier around him immediately shrank, turning into silver,
sticky, liquid metal that covered his entire body and solidified into an armor
that couldn’t be shaken.
At that moment, the shadow on Enuni’s body condensed into something
corporeal. It made him turn into a “giant” that was several meters tall. He
held a black greatsword and wore black full-body armor.
Black Knight!
Clang!
The black great sword cleaved straight down and was held back in midair
by two swords formed from the light of dawn.
The shadow beneath Enuni’s feet and the illusory black wings on his back
extended outwards in an attempt to envelop Colin Iliad.
Almost at the same time, rays of the light of dawn formed around Colin as
they swept forward.
The storm that was filled with pure fragments of light swallowed Enuni’s
shadow, only to be blocked by his black wings.
Clang! Clang! Clang! Bang! Bang! Bang!
Colin Iliad’s Silver Knight manifestation Enuni’s Black Knight
transformation clashed violently, producing a spectacular light show as the
tower collapsed.
As for Derrick, he leaped out with Thunder God’s Roar in hand after
receiving the Chief’s signal, heading straight for the Sun Saint.
Amidst the howling winds, he brandished the ghostly blue hammer that was
wrapped in lightning. He appeared like a Sailor of the Storm pathway, not a
Beyonder of the Sun domain.
The Sun Saint never expected that the Unshadowed opposite him would be
so rash that he chose to engage in close combat. Unable to react in time, he
could only use his instincts to dodge to the side.
With a loud crack, a silvery-white light burst out from the place he was
about to step in. It quickly engulfed him and tore his body apart.
The Silver Knight evil spirit that Lovia “Grazed” also targeted the Sun Saint
as it unleashed its attacks.
A golden glow surged out of the Sun Saint’s body like a tidal wave, melting
the silvery-white light, forming a layer of armor made of light, and a huge
mace.
Boom!
The mace blocked Thunder God’s Roar, causing the snaking bolts and light
to fly everywhere.
At the same time, the Sun Saint’s body emitted a warm glow that caused the
Silver Knight evil spirit to suddenly turn illusory as if it was evaporating. It
caused the black-armored Lovia’s body to pale. The degenerate aura
quickly dissipated, causing the Silver Knight marionette to weaken greatly.
Purification!
This was the core power of an Unshadowed. It was extremely effective
against wraiths, the fallen, and the unclean!
Faced with the “Purification,” Lovia could only summon her Silver Knight
evil spirit back and not let it out to “Graze.” She could only use the
corresponding Beyonder powers to make up for her weakness.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
Silver beams of light occasionally “Blinked,” flying at high speeds, forcing
the Sun Saint to block and duck to protect himself.
After taking a glance, Derrick stopped brandishing Thunder God’s Roar
again, nor did he pester the Sun Saint any further. He took a few steps back
and cast his gaze towards the battle between the black greatsword and the
double swords of dawn. He then joined the battle between Colin Iliad and
Enuni.
His expression turned solemn as he spread his arms wide, as though he was
hugging a gift from a deity.
The “Unshadowed Domain” immediately became even brighter, as though
sunlight had penetrated through the barrier and shone in.
Right on the heels of that, a ball of pure light surrounded by countless holy
flames descended out of thin air. It enveloped Colin Iliad and Enuni without
any regard whether they were friend or foe.
Flaring Sun!
“Flaring Sun” of an Unshadowed!
This was the theurgical spell that Klein had used to kill Megose and the
fetus in her womb. It caused tremendous damage to creatures in the domain
of Corruption, Degeneration, and Undying. It could even directly destroy
them.
In the holy spherical light that was surrounded by holy flames, the illusory
black wings on Enuni’s back began to emit a faint mist. The pitch-black
armor covering his body melted and part of his body cracked open, igniting
his leaking degenerated aura.
Colin Iliad was also injured. The silver armor on his body turned into liquid
metal.
Derrick didn’t pay much attention to this. He once again used “Flaring Sun”
and once again enveloped Enuni and Colin Iliad.
He believed that compared to the enemy who was of the Degeneration and
Corruption domain, the Chief who was of the Warrior pathway would suffer
a lot less damage under the assault of “Flaring Sun.” He was able to last
much longer.
And after dealing with the main enemy, he could get Mr. World to summon
Life’s Cane to treat the Chief.
This was the fastest way to deal with Enuni!
This wasn’t something that Derrick had come up with himself, nor was it
part of the plan that Klein had come up with. It was something that Colin
Iliad had suggested himself.
Previously, when they were discussing outside the door, Klein had only
introduced Enuni and the Shadow’s possible abilities. He didn’t come up
with any proposals and had left it to the City of Silver’s Chief to decide on
the battle plan.
This was because he knew that Shadow understood him very well. He could
think of anything he could think of. If it was based on his own train of
thought, it would be easy to resolve. Therefore, trusting an experienced
former Demon Hunter was the best solution under the present
circumstances.
Colin Iliad didn’t stand on ceremony. He confirmed that the main target
they needed to deal with was Enuni, who had been corrupted by the Dark
Angel. He formulated a plan around this key point and came up with a plan
to clinch victory through internecine means.
He wasn’t afraid of being hurt. He was only worried that there wouldn’t be
an opportunity such as this.
The spherical light that was surrounded by infinite holy flames blasted
down, illuminating the surrounding area. It made Klein’s “shadow” dim
significantly, making Enuni’s black wings become fainter and fainter,
almost to the point of an illusion.
But at this moment, a pair of black wings suddenly separated from Enuni
and transformed into a deep “sea.”