Chapter 1187

Change
Upon hearing the captain’s instructions, Nina pouted and pointed out the
window.
“Are any of Frank’s experiments not strange?”
“…” Cattleya was momentarily at a loss for words. All she could do was
sigh and say, “If there are any signs of danger, write to me immediately.”
As a Mysticologist, she also had her own messenger.
“Alright.” Nina puffed her chest out and said, “If there’s anything to blame,
it’s solely because I’m the most mature and reliable person on the Future.”
Having said that, she asked curiously, “Captain, what are you doing in
Loen? What mission did you take on? Are you going to engage in some
sabotage raids behind enemy lines?”
Nina was of Feysacian descent, and she was considered half-Intis. She
naturally had some inclinations in the recent war; therefore, she guessed
that her captain had established contact with Intis’s intelligence department.
“…You could say that,” Cattleya replied sternly.
In a sense, Nina’s guess wasn’t wrong. She had indeed taken on a mission
and was dealing damage in Loen’s capital, Backlund. However, her target
wasn’t an official faction, but a cultist.
Furthermore, there’s still a chance to meet the Queen. She probably hasn’t
left Backlund yet, and the earliest she’ll leave is probably after the new
year… Upon thinking of this, Cattleya suddenly felt a little excited.
Ever since she left the Dawn, she hadn’t really met Queen Mystic. She only
had letters to communicate with her, or despite being on the same boat, they
didn’t communicate with one another for some reason.
Nina didn’t dare to press further as she pointed to the door and said,
“Captain, is there anything else? If not, we’ll leave.”
Cattleya nodded, indicating that this Future boatswain could leave with her
subordinates.
Just as Nina held the handle and gently twisted it, Cattleya suddenly
recalled something and hurriedly shouted, “Nina.”
“Hmm?” Nina, whose blonde hair was tied into a high ponytail, turned
around with a confused expression.
“Don’t drink!” Cattleya emphasized seriously. “When I return to the ship,
you’ll be allowed to have your fill.”
Nina immediately revealed a charming smile.
“Deal!”
Cattleya thought for a moment before exhorting,
“Apart from Frank, you have to take note of Heath’s condition. Don’t let
him generate curiosity towards unknown voices, and don’t let him be overly
exhausted. Also, pull Ottolov out of his room frequently, and control the
frequency and times he interacts with mysticism knowledge. Also…”
“I know, I know. Don’t I know them all too well?” Nina waved her hand
and agreed.
After the boatswain and her subordinates left the captain’s cabin and closed
the door behind them, Cattleya cast her gaze out the window to look at the
currently invisible Backlund.
After a few minutes, she took out a tarot card from the deck in her hand.
It depicted a lonely old man with a glass lantern and a staff: The Hermit
card.
…
Late at night, Backlund, Empress Borough, Earl Hall’s house.
Audrey, who was wearing a white silk nightgown, suddenly opened her
eyes. She took a blue cloak and draped it over her body.
She then got out of bed and walked to the full-body mirror in the room.
Through the crimson moonlight shining through the curtains, she carefully
observed herself.
Her pair of emerald-green eyes seemed to glow brightly and limpid. It was
so clear that one could clearly see every detail.
Audrey closed her eyes. By the time she opened them again, all the
abnormalities had vanished.
The corners of her mouth curled up bit by bit, and a small depression
appeared on her face. Her eyes curved slightly as she silently praised
herself.
Audrey, you’ve finally come this far!
She had completely digested the Dreamwalker potion.
According to her confidence in herself, and her predictions, she had
originally believed that it would take until February for her to digest the
potion. To her surprise, she had encountered many strange and completely
different dreams recently.
This included many dreams within dreams, dreams that were a result of a
mental illness, lucid dreams, dreams caused by the influence of evil spirits
and wraiths, and the dreams of a few demigods.
Under normal circumstances, as a Dreamwalker, Audrey could generally
determine the creature’s level when entering a dream, thus avoiding danger.
However, those demigods had hidden themselves very well. Only when she
entered their dreams did she realize that something was amiss and nearly
jumped in fright.
Fortunately, she wasn’t discovered all those times. She ended up
accumulating experience, and she began carefully touring, traveling,
observing, and analyzing in the demigods’ dreams, allowing her to greatly
digest her potion.
In addition, the other special dreams gave her a completely different
experience. After that, she attempted creating multiple dreams within
dreams. Some attempted to hide behind the scenes in her dreams and guide
them in an ingenious manner to develop and interfere with the subconscious
in a reverse manner. She treated the mental illness of the owners of the
dreams, or the corruption caused by an evil spirit or wraith.
To a certain extent, she had gone against the requirements of only
observing, recording, and not making any interference. Yet, this strangely
accelerated the digestion of the potion.
This made her conclude a new principle:
…If you really want to interfere, then be the mastermind and conductor
behind the scenes. It’s so that even if the goal succeeds, no one will notice
it.
This was something that Audrey had done very well. The few people with
serious mental illnesses had unknowingly recovered after having five or six
strange dreams.
And it was very normal for a dream to appear strange and
incomprehensible.
To be able to digest the Dreamwalker potion so quickly, it’s mainly a result
of my good luck recently. Without so many unique experiences, I’d
definitely have to wait another month or two. Yes, I might even be caught
by a demigod and be thrown into a Beyonder prison or directly be killed…
When did my luck become so good? It seems like it started after I sacrificed
the ice-cream to that Fate domain’s angel, uh—”His” Blessed… Uh…
Audrey looked at her reflection and blinked her eyes with a smile.
She quickly retracted her gaze, scanned her bedroom, and walked to the
dressing table.
Sitting on it was a deck of cards.
In a room of a girl who enjoyed mysticism, it was normal for her to have a
deck of tarot cards.
Audrey stretched out her right hand and touched the card at the top with her
fingertip. She slowly took a deep breath and muttered to herself, The
fighting at the Amantha mountain range is getting more intense…
Midseashire had already lost a port…
It’s said that the defenses of the Hornacis mountain range in Sivellaus
County can’t last until spring…
If not for the fact that we have gained a significant advantage at sea, our
connection with the Southern Continent’s East Balam would’ve surely been
severed…
Alfred is still there…
I wonder how this war will develop.
Thankfully, I’m about to become a demigod. Mr. World has already given
me the Manipulator’s potion formula and main ingredient… The seven
drops of tears that were shed from intense human emotions have also been
found during my dream experience recently…
The Tree Mentor’s golden leaves were obtained via a trade with Little Sun.
I’m just short of the blood of an elderly mind dragon…
Phew, I’ll tried to trade for it with the Psychology Alchemists. Before Hvin
Rambis died, I was already the person-in-charge of a small psychological
discussion group… But will this reveal that Hvin Rambis’s death has
something to do with me?
Or could I get Mr. World to summon the blood of an elderly mind dragon
from history? This can last for at least fifteen minutes. When I succeed in
advancing, I’ll converge my spirituality and complete my cueing. Its
disappearance will not affect anything. After all, it’s just a supplementary
material…
Audrey, you actually learned how to fake things. What’s more, it’s on such
matters!
After a self-deprecating comment, Audrey began to think about the kind of
situation to use to complete the advancement ritual of a Manipulator.
The ritual required one to drink the potion while in the midst of an
emotional resonance generated during a special occasion with at least ten
thousand people.
As her thoughts raced, Audrey came up with a preliminary idea:
The Goddess’s Winter Gifts Day?
But no matter how large a Mass is, it can’t accommodate 10,000 people…
The cathedral can’t accommodate so many people…
Yes, it’s usually impossible. If there’s a chance, I can donate a sum of
money. I can suggest we do an extremely large Mass in memorial square so
as to placate the souls that passed away during the war.
In the most important square, the family members, relatives, and friends of
the deceased are invited. As long as they accommodate a certain proportion
of the participants, the emotions that resonate will affect the others who are
participating in Mass, allowing the ritual’s requirements to be satisfied…
After calmly analyzing the situation, Audrey suddenly bowed her head and
looked at the mirror on the dressing table. She saw that the faint smile on
her beautiful face had long disappeared, leaving behind only calmness and
sadness in her eyes.
She stared at herself, her lips curling up slightly as she whispered, “Audrey,
you’ve become despicable…”
Closing her eyes and opening them again, Audrey had returned to normal.
She reached out to the stack of tarot cards on the dressing table and flipped
the card at the top.
The card depicted a goddess of justice sitting on a stone chair with a sword
in one hand and a balance in the other, coldly watching everything.
…
Backlund, Hillston Borough, in a house with a fireplace.
“You’ve finished digesting your Scribe potion?” Xio had just changed into
her home clothes when she heard the piece of unbelievable news upon
walking back to the living room.
Fors nodded with a haggard expression.
“Yes.”
“Do you know what kind of life I’ve been enduring recently?”
As she was being forced to “travel” to six places in a consecutive manner,
she had to experience, admire, and record the sights day and night. In
addition, she would be pulled up above the gray fog, recording all kinds of
strange or high-level Beyonder powers.
The “Lightning Storm” and the “Historical Void Summoning” powers had
been replaced several times. They had finally recovered their original setup
today.
“I don’t know…” Xio answered honestly.
“I know you don’t know.” Fors took a deep breath and said, “What about
you? How have you been recently?”
“Not too bad. It was arranged for me to preside over a Paranormal Court,
and I had some thoughts about the acting principles. The speed at which the
potion is being digested has increased,” Xio acknowledged.
“I find it hard to imagine you wearing a judge’s robe and sitting at the
tribunal’s seat to judge.” Fors sighed from the bottom of her heart.
“Are you trying to say that the prisoners and lawyers won’t be able to see
me?” Xio added, not minding it at all.
Fors laughed dryly and said, “I’ll need to have some rest to prepare my
advancement ritual to become a Traveler.”
“Don’t you need to go deep into the spirit world? Do you have a way?” Xio
asked in puzzlement.
Fors nodded and said, “That person asked me to summon his messenger.”