Chapter 804

: Archaeological Team
As he sighed, Klein indulged himself by relaxing like an ordinary person
enjoying a rare instance of serenity and comfort in his dream.
After about fifteen minutes, he finally waited to the point when the
Church’s Beyonder that was sent to placate him had left.
Finally… I can sleep in peace… Klein planned on opening his eyes out of
habit before falling asleep again, but he realized that once he wasn’t on high
alert and on guard, the remnant sense of tranquility in his dream would
allow him to directly fall into a deep slumber.
That night, the quality of his sleep was extremely good, and he only
managed to wake up at daybreak. Outside, the sun had just peeked out over
the horizon, while the moon remained shining in the sky, and there was a
slight howl from the winds.
Klein lazily dazed in bed for nearly ten minutes before picking up the
golden pocket watch by his bedside table and snapping it open.
It’s not even half-past six… Should I roll over and continue sleeping, or
should I wake up? Klein observed his physical condition and found his
mind clear and brimming with energy. He didn’t have any hint of feeling
lethargic, so he decided to get out of bed to wash up before walking to his
balcony to take a look at the orange vista.
In this season, due to the wind, Backlund didn’t have thick smog. Together
with the environmental measures put into place over the past few months,
the skies were often blue and the air fresh. The gardeners were already busy
in the garden, and the parlor maid and handymen were heading to the
market. Other than them, the surroundings were calm and peaceful. This
invigorated Klein as he temporarily forgot all his troubles. He felt that the
world belonged to him at that moment.
With a faint smile, he silently enjoyed the scenery. In the next fifteen
minutes, servants would walk out from the surrounding houses in pairs or
threes. They were either holding baskets or leading horses. The entire
borough seemed to come to life as the sunlight grew brighter.
This is what life should be like… Klein silently sighed as he had the sudden
urge to take a stroll. He turned around and left the balcony and walked to
the door.
Outside the master bedroom, Richardson was already waiting outside. It
was impossible to guess what time he had woken up.
This was the most difficult thing about a valet. He needed to sleep later than
his employer but also wake up earlier than him.
“There’s another hour before breakfast. Sir, if you wish for it to be brought
forward, the kitchen will be ready within fifteen minutes.” Richardson
didn’t ask Dwayne Dantès why he had suddenly woken up so early.
Klein chortled and said, “There’s no need to bring it forward. I plan on
taking a stroll first.”
“Very well, sir.” Richardson entered the bedroom, and based on his
employer’s suggestion, he chose a coat and helped him wear it.
Finally, Klein wore a silk top hat and held a gold inlaid cane before walking
down to the first floor. Leaving the residence, he strolled down the street
that was lined with Intis parasol trees and black street lamps until he
reached the other end.
Along the way, each residence’s garden emanated a faint fragrance as the
green leaves of the trees created a sense of tranquility from high above.
Pedestrians were in pairs or threes in what seemed like a sparse street. The
occasional carriage that drove by would break the silence before quickly
leaving.
Klein enjoyed the morning, taking in the pleasantness of waking up early.
He felt that the negative emotions from yesterday were evaporating bit by
bit and vanishing.
Hmm, Beyonders need to learn how to create conditions for themselves to
regulate their moods… By taking this stroll, the bishops at Saint Samuel
Cathedral will likely know that Dwayne Dantès has completely recovered.
They won’t disturb my sleep in the middle of the night… As Klein’s thoughts
wandered, his gaze swept past 39 Böklund Street.
It was Member of Parliament Macht’s residence.
Its external perimeter was in the form of sharp iron rods, allowing passersby
to appreciate the beauty of the garden within through the gaps.
While moving his gaze away, Klein saw a familiar figure. It was Hazel with
her long black-green hair and dark brown eyes. This beautiful and proud
lady was strolling through the garden’s trails with her maid, looking around
from time to time.
She woke up early as well? Her quality of sleep is excellent because she
doesn’t need to head down the sewers in the middle of the night? Klein
lampooned and retracted his gaze as he continued proceeding forward.
Glancing at Richardson who was silently following behind him, Klein
suddenly thought of the news reports, magazine articles, and novels he had
recently read about the Southern Continent.
He consciously kept up with the content of that region because that would
flesh out his persona as Dwayne Dantès. After all, a lot of what he knew
about the Southern Continent stemmed from the pirates, adventurers, and
the Fog Sea’s Strongest Hunter, Anderson. He had no idea if they were
exaggerated or fabricated.
The information I’ve read recently and in the past were about people who
struck it rich in the Southern Continent before returning or had just decided
to stay there. Heh, this makes Backlund residents believe that there’s gold
everywhere in the Southern Continent, and that there are opportunities to
strike it rich. Even common wood and sap can be used for many things,
allowing one to exchange for plenty of pounds. That’s why the kingdom
frequently goes to war with countries like Feysac and Intis to vie for the
colonial lands… If not for the commoners’ inability to save up for the ferry
tickets or dare to smuggle themselves there, I’m sure a large number of
people would swarm it… As Klein’s thoughts whirred, he casually asked his
valet, “What’s your impression of the Southern Continent?”
He remembered that Richardson was born in a manor over there. He had
only been brought to Backlund when he was an adult.
Richardson paused for a few seconds and said, “Sir, I actually do not know
much about the Southern Continent because I was spending most of my
time in the manor. I had few opportunities to head out.”
“Just tell me of your impressions—your true impressions. You don’t have to
hold back. I just want to have a general understanding. As you know, they
all believe me to be an expert of the Southern Continent, but in fact, my
experiences are only limited to a few places and merchants,” Klein said
with a chuckle.
Richardson nodded and bowed his head as he looked at his toes that were
walking forward.
“My impression of the Southern Continent is:
“Hunger, exhaustion, pain, as well as pining for the world after death…”
Hunger, exhaustion, pain… Klein repeated those three words as he walked
into Böklund Street without making any further inquiry.
…
East Chester County, in a building beside Stoen University.
Audrey was looking at the collections obtained by the Relic Search and
Preservation Foundation.
She had originally planned on coming on Tuesday afternoon, but Associate
Professor Michele Deuth had participated in an academic conference in
Backlund; therefore only returning today. As a result, she had no choice but
to change her plans.
“This pair of boots was discovered by a farmer in a mountainous ruins in
Stoen. Its shape and traits match the societal trends of the Fourth Epoch,”
Michele introduced the item inside the glass cabinet to the beautiful
aristocrat.
Audrey looked over with interest and discovered that the ends of the boots
were curled like a clown’s.
The heights of the curled parts weren’t uniform. One was three centimeters,
and the other was five centimeters. They didn’t look like a pair.
The Fourth Epoch’s asymmetrical style… I wonder what level it is for three
on the left and five on the right… Audrey retracted her gaze and followed
Associate Professor Michele to the next exhibit.
At the end of the tour, Michele pointed at the glass case diagonally ahead of
them and said, “This coat of arms was delivered a few days ago. It involves
the very ancient worship of dragons.”
Dragons… Audrey strode forward in a reserved manner and saw a grayish-
white dragon with its wings spread out engraved on the coat of arms.
“Where does it come from?” Audrey asked just as she did before.
Michele answered, “It’s from a village named Hartlarkh. This Loenese word
doesn’t have an archetype in ancient Feysac. Apparently, it was written like
how it’s read.”
Hartlarkh… That’s the village which I previously visited that had the folk
tradition of worshiping dragons. In the sea of collective subconscious of the
people there, there’s a mind dragon in it… The Twenty Year War notebook
which I previously obtained from Associate Professor Michele was from a
local knight named Lindelira. He was suspected to have something to do
with that mind dragon… Audrey nodded in thought as she deliberated over
her words, wishing to ask about the person who had found the coat of arms.
At that moment, Associate Professor Michele’s expression turned
abnormally heavy.
“Accompanying the discovery of this coat of arms was a tragedy.”
“A tragedy?” Audrey didn’t hide her surprise.
Associate Professor Michele sighed and said, “An archaeological team
entered the village to study the folk tradition of worshiping dragons, but
that night, one of the members went mad. And this mental illness was
apparently contagious. The entire archaeological team later went mad,
killing themselves or each other. In the end, none of them survived.
“This coat of arms was found among their remains. It was first taken away
by the police, and after confirming that it’s without problems, only then did
they donate it to us.”
An archaeological team entered the village, and the members went mad one
after another… Audrey’s eyes dilated as she inwardly repeated Associate
Professor Michele’s words.
Suddenly, an idea came to mind.
Psychology Alchemists!
The members of the archaeological team were members of the Psychology
Alchemists!