Chapter 1147

Chaos
Klein pretended not to notice the real dream. As he tried to stop his
projection of the Death Consul, he tried to summon another version of
“himself” from the Historical Void to fool the guards of the Tudor ruins,
allowing his body to escape the dream and sneak into the secret mausoleum
to achieve his goal of destroying it.
At the moment, he could only maintain three Historical Void projections.
Death Consul Azik Eggers was one, his self-projection in a concealed state
was another. He couldn’t be certain if the leader of the ascetics, Arianna,
was considered one. However, to be safe, he had to disperse one of them
before he made another summoning attempt.
Regarding Arianna’s state, apart from suspecting that “She” had descended
in person due to “Her” state, Klein had other theories. Perhaps the leader of
the Evernight cloister had deliberately entered a concealed state after
sensing that “Her” projection from the past had been summoned while
being located in the Amantha mountain range. “She” had vanished from the
real world, allowing the projection to gain sentience. This was completely
feasible, especially since the authority of “concealment” likely gave “Her” a
certain degree of control over “Her” historical projections.
When it came to a concealment angel like this, Klein was unable to use the
feedback from Scholar of Yore’s maintenance of the historical projection to
confirm “Her” true situation. Therefore, he didn’t make any changes, so as
to prevent any accidents from happening.
Just as he was about to summon his past self, the real dream silently
disappeared. Everything around him returned to normal.
He was standing on a cliff at the entrance. Below him was a dark and
majestic mausoleum.
An old man with an ordinary appearance was levitating in midair. Under the
glow from the moss and the light from the stone pillars inside the cliff, he
calmly looked at Klein and sighed in ancient Feysac.
“You weren’t actually fooled by the dream I crafted.”
This old man’s hair was completely white, but it was thick enough. There
weren’t many wrinkles on his face, and his appearance wasn’t anything
special.
The Spectator pathway’s Sequence 3 Dreamweaver? No, at least, he’s not
an angel… Klein tensed up and didn’t respond. He immediately took out his
silver adventurer’s harmonica and blew into it.
No sound was produced, but Reinette Tinekerr, who was wearing a dark and
complicated long dress, walked out.
One of the blonde, red-eyed heads in “Her” hands immediately spat out a
rectangular diamond-like charm. Another head chanted in ancient Hermes,
“Yesterday!”
Yesterday Once More!
Miss Messenger was borrowing strength from “Her” past self!
Compared to a Sequence 1 Snake of Fate, the power “She” borrowed could
last longer.
However, the charm didn’t change at all.
In midair, the elder in the gray robe gently chuckled and kindly reminded
them, “Don’t use ancient Hermes in front of me.”
…Hermes… This is Hermes, the one who lived since the Second Epoch and
created ancient Hermes? An angel of the Spectator pathway… The origin of
the Psychology Alchemists… Klein was first shocked before he realized
something.
Hermes was participating in the battle, so it was unlikely “He” had a strong
desire to stop him!
No, perhaps “He” is deliberately acting to lower our guard… Beyonders of
the Spectator pathway are the best at manipulating the hearts of others…
Just as this thought flashed through his mind, Reinette Tinekerr’s other two
heads began chanting in Jotun and Elvish:
“Yesterday!”
The rectangular diamond-like charm was instantly ignited by a transparent
flame before fusing with the void.
Reinette Tinekerr’s body began to rapidly expand as the four heads in her
hands flew up and landed on “Her” neck.
The four heads became illusory one after another.
In an instant, Reinette Tinekerr transformed into a huge cloth doll that
resembled a castle. “She” was dressed in a black gothic dress with countless
mysterious symbols and sinister vines. “Her” eyes were blood-red.
“She” swept his gaze across ancient Hermes. “She” opened “Her” tightly
shut mouth but didn’t make a single sound.
The “Spectator” pathway’s angel flashed with a faint light, turning into a
plump, white rabbit.
Ancient Bane, Transformation Curse!
The rabbit didn’t panic at all. Its body began to swell, becoming half the
size of a mountain. One stomp was sufficient to trample him to death.
To an angel of the Spectator pathway, merely believing in “Their” strength
allowed “Them” to be powerful enough without being at a disadvantage due
to “Their” appearance!
As the rabbit turned into a monster, a subtle change happened in the ruins.
Reality and illusion intertwined, making Reinette Tinekerr a little confused
as to whether “She” was in a dream or in the real world.
Klein could differentiate between the two. While he had noticed that, not
only was Miss Messenger in a Mythical Creature form, but the surface of
the rabbit’s body was covered in grayish-white scales. All sorts of patterns
intertwined together, forming three-dimensional symbols that seemed to
connect to the mind.
Angels are truly terrifying. They use their complete Mythical Creature form
right at the start… As Klein sighed, he didn’t even dare take a second look
to gain more knowledge. Firstly, he didn’t have the time to do so, and
secondly, his level wasn’t high enough. Seeing a complete Mythical
Creature form would definitely lead to being affected and receiving some
negative effects. This was something he had to avoid in a dangerous
battlefield.
Taking advantage of the battle between Miss Messenger and the gigantic
rabbit that had transformed into a dragon, Klein used the strong winds to
head for the secret mausoleum. As he recited a particular honorific name in
Jotun, he reached out to grab at the air.
First time, failure; second time, failure; third time, still a failure!
Just as one fat, white rabbit after another appeared in Klein’s island of
consciousness, causing him to elevate his consciousness to fight back and
be unable to take multiple things into consideration, he instinctively reached
out his right hand and finally touched a particular image in the Historical
Void.
As he pulled back his arm, the image quickly outlined itself. She was a
woman wearing a dark-colored robe and a wide hood. She had a beautiful
face and slightly dull black eyes.
This was the concealment angel of the Church of Evernight that he had met
before.
Later, he found out in the foggy town that this was Mother of the Sky, the
daughter of the ancient god, Flegrea, and suspected to be the vessel for the
Goddess’s descent.
Since he was able to successfully summon the ascetic leader, Arianna, from
the Historical Void in one try, Klein definitely thought of trying to see if he
could summon “Her.”
He had been chanting the honorific name of the Evernight Goddess!
The employing of Historical Void projections by Scholars of Yore had a
difficult-to-overcome restriction. It was that he was unable to summon
something that involved the Uniqueness. However, objects that were merely
a vessel of a deity’s descent depended on how much of the deity’s power
was carried by the corresponding Historical Void projection or if it involved
the Uniqueness. Similarly, if he wanted to summon Amon, it was
impossible to summon the actual body, but an avatar would work.
To be safe, the person who he summoned was the one who had smiled at
him during the Great Smog of Backlund, and he succeeded after three
attempts!
Of course, if it wasn’t for the Goddess’s tacit approval, or perhaps providing
some level of help, he might not have succeeded given a hundred attempts,
a thousand attempts, or even ten thousand attempts.
The beautiful lady didn’t look at him, the summoner. Instead “She” turned
“Her” head and looked down at the secret mausoleum.
The entire underground ruin quaked as the dark and majestic mausoleum
began to shake. Ripples appeared as though it was about to be moved into a
concealed world.
At this moment, two arms extended out from the outside world. One was
pressed towards the gigantic doll, Reinette Tinekerr, while the other spread
out its fingers to grab at Klein.
These two arms were more than ten meters long. They were pitch-black on
the surface, flowing with sticky liquids. Some of them were strangely
protruding, some had skulls as heads, three-dimensional eyes, or barbed
tongues.
Abomination Suah!
The remaining guards in the underground ruins went crazy. Some raised
their swords to kill their companions; or they raised their guns, aimed at
themselves, and pulled the trigger.
Klein’s skin began to crack, and his consciousness was disturbed by a
sensation of madness. He was unable to respond effectively.
The concealment angel he summoned retracted “Her” gaze through pure
instinct, and “She” looked up at the two arms that seemed to come from the
depths of a nightmare.
Tremendous fear caused Suah’s arm to tremble slightly. Not only did “He”
fail to grab hold of Klein, “He” was even cursed by Reinette Tinekerr,
causing “Him” to be covered in green fur.
Immediately following that, they began to fade as they struggled with all
their might, trying to escape their concealed states.
And at this moment, three figures appeared in midair in the underground
ruins. They were Emperor Roselle; the first Loen king, William Augustus;
and the abstract angel formed from pure light.
The Historical Void projections summoned by Zaratul followed closely
behind!
With so many angels descending at the same time, just the effects from
“Their” auras alone caused the entire space to quake, not to mention the
intense battle “They” were engaged in.
In an instant, the pitch-black mausoleum shook even more vigorously.
There was even an obvious crack on its surface.
Klein wasn’t surprised at all, because this was his last contingency plan.
When the enemy was too powerful and prepared, preventing him from
creating an opportunity, then it was best to draw everyone together while
destroying the mausoleum; thus, creating chaos!
This was the inspiration he got from the encounter outside Bayam City.
Back then, Abomination Suah and the byproduct of the Artificial Death
project attacked remotely while Sea King Kottman, Miss Messenger
Reinette Tinekerr, and a demigod from the Rose School of Thought had
participated in it, resulting in the collapse of an innocent mountain.
At that moment, Klein wanted the secret mausoleum in this ruin to be like
that mountain.
He didn’t believe that angels could control the damage to “Their”
surroundings when in an intense battle!
And the lineup this time far exceeded the previous one!
It’s still not enough… Then let’s make it a little more chaotic… As he
controlled his Spirit Body Threads to prevent them from floating upwards,
he dodged and sensed the mysterious space above the gray fog. Using his
basic control over it, he made it tremble slightly.
In midair, a grayish-white fog appeared as the majestic palace appeared
faintly.
Sefirah Castle!
In an instant, the sky above the Holy Wind Cathedral in Backlund turned
dark, as if a storm was brewing.
A bird with dark eye circles watching over the Tussock River downstream
moved its gaze.
…
In the outskirts of Backlund where Ruins No. 1 was, Demoness Trissy had
been robbed of several powers and suffered serious injuries. She was on the
brink of death.
Bang!
She slammed against the cliff, almost embedding herself into it. Blood was
everywhere.
At this moment, she took out an item. It was a rectangular diamond-shaped
charm.
Yesterday Once More!