Chapter 971

Restraint
On the observation deck of the liner, the bugle was sounded. It tore through
the obstacles put up by the wind and rain, awakening all the passengers on
board.
Unable to dress up in time, they could only don a coat or their pajamas,
rushing barefoot to the window to observe the situation outside.
Half of the passengers quickly saw a gigantic sailboat that didn’t adhere to
common sense. They saw its three pitch-black sails and the blob of pale
flickering yellow amidst the dark environment.
Together with the howling winds, spattering rain, and the moonless and
starless night sky, many passengers felt as though the ship was approaching
them from hell, bringing with it an inexplicable sense of horror and
dominance.
After a brief pause and frenzy, a name surfaced in their minds: Black
Emperor!
Anyone who had been out at sea for some time, or people who lived in port
cities in the various colonies, more or less knew the existence of such a
pirate ship!
“Sigh, may the Storm be with you and me.”
“May the Goddess watch over us!”
“Holy Lord of Storms!”
As the passengers subconsciously made prayers, they were filled with
horror and helplessness.
These passengers knew very well that the owner of the Black Emperor had
the highest bounty on the Five Seas. In a particular sense, he was the King
of Pirates, and was a powerful figure who could remain alive despite the
campaigns of the various fleets from different nations. He was definitely not
someone the cannons and crew of a liner could resist.
This meant that they were about to fall into the hands of pirates!
Many women couldn’t help but imagine being raped by the pirates and
being sold to unfamiliar lands. Some trembled while others collapsed to the
ground. Some rummaged for daggers or revolvers; it was unknown if they
wanted to resist, or if they were unwilling to face the worst outcome.
Having failed to find weapons, some moved a clothes rack to their side.
The men didn’t react any better. Apart from a number of them drawing
weapons in a bid to organize themselves to resist, the remaining froze in a
daze or sought places to hide. Other cursed the darn liner and the King of
the Five Seas.
Finally, the captain’s voice boomed into the ears of every passenger via the
broadcasting equipment or something else.
“Silence! Don’t be afraid!
“The owner of the Black Emperor has his own code. He’s not like other
pirates. His subordinates can only plunder for items and wealth, nothing
else!
Such words were repeated a few times as the panicking passengers finally
calmed down and no longer exhibited such horror.
Compared to the outcomes they had imagined, being able to live and not be
raped was an excellent outcome.
Almost a minute late, a number of passengers were overwhelmed with
sadness and cried upon realizing how their hard-earned savings would be
wiped out.
Some of them were doing business through loans. If they were unable to
pay their loans, it was possible that their family would end up on the streets,
relying on the workhouses for survival.
Upon having this thought, they hurriedly took action and hid their wealth in
all kinds of hidden compartments, hoping to keep as much as they could
from the pirates. After doing this, they held their weapons tight, prepared to
fight the pirates to the death at critical moments.
Even feral beasts would fight back when cornered, why not humans?
At this moment, many of the pirates on the Black Emperor were waiting by
the broadside according to their orders. They were prepared to jump onto
the prey once the distance was closed.
Their second mate, Horror Viscount Bird Mustang was holding a telescope
as he observed the liner opposite him without much thought. He was
inwardly calculating how much longer before the two ships met.
This pirate, whose bounty had exceeded ten thousand pounds, wore an
Intis-styled shirt with complicated patterns on his sleeves and collars. He
donned a dark red captain’s attire, as though he was awaiting the
commencement of a ball, and not a pirate attack.
Suddenly, his vision blurred and he could no longer see the liner!
Bird Mustang hurriedly searched with his telescope, but regardless of the
direction he aimed it at, there was nothing but stormy waves and red-headed
sea eagles who enjoyed hunting fish during storms.
Such a huge liner had vanished!
The light in Bird Mustang’s eyes flickered as he failed to make an accurate
judgment.
“Where’s the ship?”
“Where did such a huge ship go?”
“It was still around!”
The pirates on deck also noticed something amiss as they exclaimed.
A ghost ship? No, there aren’t any ghost ships with such a make. This is a
steam and sail hybrid that got popular in recent decades… An illusion?
Someone had hidden a liner with a large-scale illusion? An illusion at this
scale has to have been done by a demigod… Bird Mustang’s thoughts raced
as he retracted his telescope and headed for the cabin.
During this process, the distance he traveled seemed to distort. In about
eight steps, Bird Mustang covered quite a sizable distance and arrived in
front of the captain’s cabin. He reverently bowed and said, “Earl Nast,
something abnormal has happened with the hunt.”
On the Black Emperor, King of the Five Seas Nast continued having
himself addressed as an earl, as it was a title conferred upon him by
Emperor Roselle.
Of course, he had publicly announced that it was a matter of time before he
established a pirates’ kingdom, becoming a duke, king, or even an emperor.
After a brief silence, a solemn voice sounded from the captain’s cabin:
“Circle around it.”
“By your will!” Bird Mustang didn’t ask why as he directly accepted the
order.
Of course, he could imagine the reason.
Be it an illusion or not, to make such a huge steam and sail hybrid liner
vanish from the scrutiny of hundreds of pirates, it was definitely not
something a Low- or Mid-Sequence Beyonder could accomplish. The ship
definitely had a demigod or a powerhouse wielding a demigod-level Sealed
Artifact!
And to clash with an unknown demigod for an ordinary liner was definitely
an irrational act. Even if the Earl of White Maple Nast, as the King of the
Five Seas, he wouldn’t do such rash acts unless there was something worth
fighting for.
From this angle, the demigod was only hiding on the liner and had not
launched any counterattack. This also implied that he didn’t wish to clash
with the Black Emperor and the King of the Five Seas. Therefore, he had
only exhibited his existence for shock and awe purposes.
Bird Mustang immediately got the sailors to leave the broadside and turn
the Black Emperor around.
At this point, a huge and heavy red-headed sea eagle suddenly flew out of
its flock and headed for the Black Emperor, spiraling above the ghost ship.
Amidst the pirates’ confusion, the red-headed sea eagle looked down upon
the deck and spoke deeply in a human’s voice:
“I wish to meet the Earl of White Maple.”
Bird Mustang was taken aback for a second before he cast his eyes at the
cabin.
King of the Five Seas Nast’s solemn voice sounded again. Instead of
directly answering the sea eagle, he instructed his subordinates, “Let him
in.”
Bird Mustang immediately followed the order as the sea eagle swooped
down in the storm. Its body gradually changed and turned into a humanoid
form.
When it landed on the deck, it was no longer a red-headed sea eagle, but a
man with a tall top hat and tuxedo. His face wore a feathered mask.
Bird Mustang’s eyes dilated slightly as though he was trying to take in the
figure clearer.
But no matter how much he observed it, he was unable to discover anything
abnormal about this exaggerated man. It was as though there wasn’t a red-
headed sea eagle from the very beginning.
A few seconds later, Bird Mustang’s pupils dilated even more because he
saw the figure’s side profile when it walked past him.
This man, who appeared like he was an invitee at a banquet, was very thin.
His side profile was about the width of two fingers!
At that instant, Bird Mustang felt as though he was seeing a walking paper
figurine, but it was also slightly thicker than one!
A monster… He gulped with great difficulty as he watched the terrifying
demigod walk towards the cabin.
The pirates on deck quickly retreated and leaned against the shipboard as
though a nightmare had just walked past them.
To them, this abnormally proportioned man was something they had never
seen before. It was more harrowing than the many monsters they had seen
in the past.
At the third story of the cabin, outside the captain’s cabin.
Klein held the handle, twisted it, and opened the door.
The reason he had made himself appear so strange was partially due to
having no choice, but it was also partially deliberate. The former was
because the red-headed sea eagle wasn’t big enough, so after creating the
clothes and mask, there was no way to create a normal human’s body, even
without the innards. The deliberate choice was because he was beginning to
try out his theories on acting as a Bizarro Sorcerer. He had some ideas
regarding this:
The term “Sorcerer” wasn’t key. What was key was to use the methods of a
sorcerer to appear bizarre!
With a light creak, the dark black door opened, revealing the interior of the
captain’s cabin.
Candle lamps drooped down from above, with 41 on the left and 40 on the
right in an asymmetrical manner. At the end of it, a black platform rose up,
surrounding an iron-black chair.
King of the Five Seas Nast’s figure was relatively normal. He was slightly
taller than 1.9 meters, unlike the nonhuman form which resembled a giant
that Klein had previously encountered.
He was still wearing a miniaturized crown with a black robe with silver
ends. He had a squarish face with slight wrinkles. He had a short black
mustache underneath his chin, and his black eyes swirled with a red glow. It
made one bow their heads without realizing it.
“I’ve never met you before,” Nast said in a deep voice, “Mr. Bizarro
Sorcerer.”
Klein took off his hat and bowed.
“You know me now.”
Nast made his voice which made Spirit Bodies tremble resound inside the
captain’s cabin.
“Speak. Why are you visiting me?”
“Emperor, I wish to know of your impression of Emperor Roselle.
Everyone knows that you and your father have met ‘Him’ in the past far
more than once,” Klein replied without being affected.
Nast swept the paper figurine-like demigod as his dark red light brightened
significantly.
“Have a seat first.”
Before he finished his sentence, Klein felt a potent suppressive force on
him. His body involuntarily sat on a chair beside him.
However, he was only here as a marionette. With a flick of the Spirit Body
Threads, the figure that was thin as a book had quickly restored its balance.