Chapter 239

: Each Having Their Own
"Gathering"
Well, I don’t need it anymore, but I can give it to Susie, and I can exchange
it for other Beyonder ingredients. Well, Susie’s potion is still short of the
spinal fluid from a Farsman Rabbit… Some things are easier left to Susie,
it’s far more convenient for her than for me… Every “famous detective”
needs a good assistant. Uh-huh! Audrey quickly made her decision. To her,
this was no longer something she particularly cared about.
As she put down the telegram, her pleasure subsided, and the worries of
reality began to emerge.
I still owe Mr. Fool intelligence regarding the Secret Order, the mission to
assassinate the Intis ambassador, and a request from his adorer… I’ve
finally experienced the feeling of being riddled in debt… Audrey, we can’t
delay any longer! Let’s start! The girl quietly clenched her fists. She wanted
to find a pen and paper and write a letter to Viscount Glaint so that he could
arrange for her to meet Xio and Fors as soon as possible. She needed to
delegate the mission.
She picked up a fountain pen, dipped it in ink, and suddenly, Audrey held
her wrist in midair without writing.
She had just thought of a crucial problem which was that she knew very
little about the Intis ambassador Bakerland. In such cases, it was easy to
misjudge the difficulty of a mission, either because no one was willing to
accept it or because the mission had been entrusted to an unsuitable person,
dooming the mission to fail at the very beginning.
The resulting growing cost wasn’t her main concern; instead, she believed
that The Fool would better reward her and help her even further.
After pondering for a moment, Audrey turned her head to her maidservant,
Annie, and said, “Tell Countess Jaria that I accept her invitation and will
punctually attend her ball tomorrow evening.”
Jaria was the wife of Count Wolfe, and she had invited ambassadors to
Loen from every country to her upcoming ball, including Bakerland Jean
Madan.
Audrey had planned on declining the invitation with the excuse of being
sick, but now she was interested in the ball.
After she observed Ambassador Bakerland and gathered enough
information, she would meet with Xio and Fors! Audrey suddenly felt the
excitement of participating in a major event that she always dreamed of!
…
First Manor in the Rorsted Archipelago, City of Generosity, Bayam.
Having returned to the real world, Alger Wilson changed into attire that was
considered gaudy in the Intis Republic and went through the back door of
the hotel into the alley and made several detours.
He stopped in front of a house with no garden or lawn and put on a familiar
white mask.
Next, he knocked on the door with three heavy knocks and two light ones,
separating them with two lengthy pauses and two short pauses respectively.
After about ten seconds, the door creaked open. A man wearing a pirate’s
headband stuck his head out and looked around quickly.
“Come in,” the man said with a deep voice as he made way.
Without a word, Alger quietly walked into the room.
Creak!
The door slammed shut.
…
At 15 Minsk Street, Klein drew the curtains open and sat down at his desk.
The information about the Secret Order that was given to him by The
Hanged Man made him realize that his target might have certain
connections to the Intis Republic. At the same time, he was reminded of the
words The Hanged Man had used to describe the Antigonus family
—”strange” and “terrifying.”
The Beyonder who sneaked into my room last night to read the information
and leave me a warning was indeed strange… The Sequence pathway that
the Antigonus family has in their control is the Seer pathway which the
Secret Order possesses. The two can be equated… That is to say, one can
speculate that the Beyonder from last night was a member of the Secret
Order who works part-time as an Intis Republic spy? Or could the person
not be a member of the Secret Order, but someone who used the connection
between the Intis Republic and the Secret Order to obtain the corresponding
formulas and potions? Klein began to boldly assume that as he carefully
tried to verify.
This can explain why my Clown’s premonition ability didn’t trigger when
the strange threadworm intruded. This is the suppression effect of a
Beyonder from a higher Sequence that shares the same pathway as me… Of
course, it’s also possible that the iron-black threadworm posed no concrete
threat to me…
Similarly, it can be explained why the threadworm infiltrated my room the
same night that I wrote the information regarding Ian Wright. Furthermore,
it went straight for the desk… The other party is equipped with Seer
abilities, making matters appear reasonably logical…
After repeatedly verifying his speculation, Klein felt that his guess was very
likely close to the truth.
If the person in question is a relatively higher Sequence Beyonder from the
Seer pathway, what Sequence number would he be? And what would the
potion name be? To have the threadworm in his control, could it be another
component of a circus, the Beast Tamer? Klein shook his head in a self-
deprecating manner while feeling amused.
Perhaps my subsequent potion formula will be obtained from him… Is this
the true meaning of the revelation I received from my former divination?
Backlund really is the Land of Hope… Klein muttered a few words to
himself and began to consider what to do next.
He had entrusted the task of assassinating the Intis Ambassador Bakerland
to put an end to all latent dangers. He had to avoid suspicion, but he didn’t
have the ability needed to do so.
After Ian Wright’s whereabouts were revealed to both sides, he was
confident that Ambassador Bakerland wouldn’t have time to exact revenge
on him in the near future and wouldn’t add to his problems.
Finding the extremely important item he mentioned was obviously what he
was most concerned about.
In other words, before that item is found, I will be safe. I won’t need to rush
to hire powerful, Beyonder bodyguards… Hmm, even if there’s any follow-
up revenge, it’s unlikely the ambassador will hire a High-Sequence
Beyonder to deal with me. It’s neither economical nor necessary; after all,
Backlund isn’t his home ground…
The highest possibility is that he would still get the Beyonder who sent the
iron-black threadworm to infiltrate my room last night. He would at least be
at Sequence 7, and perhaps even Sequence 6 or 5. He has the strength
required and is familiar with the situation… When the time comes, I just
need to hire a bodyguard according to this standard… I hope that before
then, the Ambassador will never be able to issue such an order… Klein
looked out of the window at the fog which had finally dissipated, seemingly
in a daze.
He decided to continue heading to Bravehearts Bar tonight. Firstly, this was
to come into contact with other Beyonders through Kaspars so as to choose
a suitable bodyguard. Secondly, he could find an opportunity to sell
Meursault’s Beyonder characteristic, gather some funds, and see if anyone
was selling any powerful mystic items to enhance his strength. This was a
plan that would never go out of date.
After confirming his plan, Klein pretended to leisurely read the newspaper.
He waited until the sky turned dark before slowly getting up and making
himself tomato oxtail soup.
After eating and drinking to his heart’s content, he drew the bedroom
curtains as usual and decided not to open them tonight.
Then, summoning himself and responding to himself, he turned into the
unique spirit body, bringing back Azik’s copper whistle, Meursault’s
Beyonder characteristic, the self-made charms, all sorts of materials, and
the tarot cards to the real world, leaving behind only a few items, such as
the bloodied contract.
After doing all of this and equipping the corresponding items, Klein’s
strength returned to its peak, and he was once again half an expert in
mysticism.
He straightened his collar, took his hat and cane, and left 15 Minsk Street.
…
Iron Gate Street, inside Bravehearts Bar.
In exchange for a glass of beer, Klein found Kaspars in a card room,
playing Fighting Evil while betting on a boxer outside. He was leading
quite a pleasant life.
The familiar surroundings reminded Klein of the last time he had met Maric
playing poker with more than ten living corpses. He was suddenly glad that
he hadn’t brought Azik’s copper whistle with him.
If I carried the copper whistle that Mr. Azik had given me, I think that a
dozen or so of Maric’s zombies would mutiny on the spot and come to
“entertain” me warmly… I wonder what kind of expression he would
have… Klein stood by the door, nodding at Kaspars Kalinin to indicate his
intentions.
Kaspars covered his cards and swore. He got up, walked to the door, and
said in a low voice, “I’ll take you to a place where the people, although they
aren’t as good as Maric, are pretty strong. As for whether or not you can
make a deal, it has nothing to do with me. However, I have to warn you in
advance, you are not to anger them, or you might not be able to see the sun
tomorrow. Of course, it’s not easy to see the sun in Backlund after
September.”
“Do I need to pay you?” Klein asked sincerely.
Kaspars nodded, pleased.
“Two pounds.”
I can buy a revolver with that money at a weapons store… Although they set
the price at more than three pounds, it can basically be haggled for around
two pounds…Klein grumbled and gave Kaspars two one-pound notes.
Kaspars turned his head to his fellow players to inform them that he was
leaving. Hobbling along, he led Klein towards the bar’s kitchen, and from
there, entered the back alley and circled around a darkened house.
He took out an iron mask that could only cover half a face, handed it to
Klein, and chuckled.
“Just pretend that you bought this for two pounds.”
I can buy a lot more with two pounds… Klein wore the iron mask and
deliberately messed up his hair.
Seeing that he was ready, Kaspars knocked on the door rhythmically.
Seven or eight seconds later, a small wooden board on the door was
suddenly pulled open, revealing a pair of brown eyes behind it.
After a long moment of scrutiny, Klein finally saw the door open behind
him.
A man wearing an iron mask stood there and handed Klein a hooded robe.
He said to Kaspars in a hoarse voice, “Next time, remember to tell me in
advance. Otherwise, hmph!”
He closed the door, turned, and led Klein through the darkened living room
into the activity room on the first floor.
There was a candle burning on the coffee table, and the room was dimly lit.
There were about ten people sitting on the sofas and chairs around the
coffee table. They were all wearing hooded robes and wearing iron masks.
After putting on the long robe, Klein quietly found a chair in a corner and
sat down. He heard a fat-faced man complain, “Recently, there has been a
group of wild beasts in the sewers that have gnawed away a lot of the herbs
I grew.
“They’re very smart and didn’t even touch the poisonous ones. I need
someone to help me clean them up. You know, this isn’t my specialty. I’m
only good at concocting medicine and treating your illnesses.”