Chapter 1065

: Cosmos Wanderer
He raised his glass and took a gulp.
“Don’t you know that the higher the Sequence, the greater the inclination is
towards being cold and crazy? Which major aristocratic family in the
Solomon Empire doesn’t have an angel? That’s why they’re definitely
different from normal people.
“As for the degree of coldness and evilness, it has to do with the choice of
their ‘anchor’ and the traits of their Beyonder pathway. I don’t know what
my great-grandfather’s situation is. I only know that he’s very kind and
amiable, and the way he speaks and acts is rather casual.
“In addition, the rules set by His Majesty have a key point-disharmony. If
all the aristocratic families have the same style, ‘He definitely wouldn’t be
satisfied.”
The first reason given was something I expected, but the second reason is a
little unexpected, but it’s quite funny… Was the Black Emperor of the
Solomon Empire trying to get ‘Himself’ diagnosed with obsessive-
compulsive disorder? Disharmony is actually a requirement… Without
wearing too thick a mask, the corners of Klein’s lips curled up slightly.
At this moment, Audrey turned her head to look at him and asked the same
question that she had as Mr. Star, “Anchor?”
All of them knew that the aesthetic taste of the Fourth Epoch was
disharmony and asymmetry and had considered it common sense, so they
didn’t think too deeply about why there was such an aesthetic style.
“To the deities, believers and faith are an anchor,” Klein simply explained.
So that’s the case… Mr. Fool also said that it’s to stabilize one’s
condition… Audrey felt her sights broaden, allowing her to consider the
relationship between the deities and believers.
At the same time, she thought in puzzlement, In the early stages of Mr.
Fool’s reawakening, “He” shouldn’t have many believers. Back then, what
was “His” anchor?
Leonard listened attentively as he couldn’t help his expression from turning
solemn. It was as though he had suddenly thought of many things.
He quickly focused his attention on Mobet. After some deliberation, he
said, “What kind of an angel is Pallez Zoroast? What kind of habits does
‘He’ have?”
Hmm, Leonard is still very cautious. He still hasn’t fully believed that the
grandpa in his body is Pallez Zoroast. Yes, we can’t rule out the possibility
that the real Pallez has fallen, and that the one still alive is an imposter. To
an angel of the Marauder pathway, such an action is rather normal… And to
a secret existence, replacing a particular identity is equivalent to possessing
that identity, so “He” wouldn’t deliberately expose the truth…
Heh heh, on more important matters, matters that he’s interested in, and
those that involve his safety, Leonard is more reliable than I expected. If not
for that, he wouldn’t have realized that I was still alive back then… As for
other matters, he’s just too, too half-hearted. He’s too used to using his past
experience. It’s not that he isn’t intelligent, but rather that he can’t be
bothered to use it… Klein couldn’t help but sigh.
Mobet was taken aback for two seconds before he drank a mouthful of hard
liquor and said, “Old Man appears to be an ordinary elder at home. He’s a
bit naggy and likes to throw blows at his descendants, and enjoys life. If
one didn’t know it ahead of time, no one would’ve guessed that ‘He’ is a
Sequence 1 angel. “‘His’ aesthetic style is different from His Majesty. ‘He’
is absorbed over categories and emphasizes cleanliness and tidiness…
When facing enemies, ‘He’ is good at trickery and often likes to finish off
‘His’ enemies by making them break down…”
This is quite similar to how Old Man has acted to date… Leonard nodded
and asked, “Do you have ‘His’ portrait?”
“How could I be carrying a portrait with me? It’s not like I’m looking for
anyone!” Mobet shook his head in amusement.
At this point, Leonard suddenly pointed to the side.
“Isn’t that it!”
“Ah?” Mobet turned his head in confusion and doubt, only to discover that
an oil painting had appeared in his right hand at some point in time.
As he picked up the oil painting, the content on it gradually became clearer,
revealing an old man with dark brown eyes.
The man’s hair was already completely white. It wasn’t very sparse, and it
was neatly combed to the back of his head. His forehead, the corners of his
eyes, and the corners of his mouth didn’t seem to have any wrinkles, not
appearing too old.
It was obvious that he looked quite good when he was young. He looked
quite similar to Mobet, but he exuded a rather solemn air.
I really can’t tell that this is a Sequence 1 angel… Is this also because “He”
didn’t reveal “His” Mythical Creature form? Audrey tiptoed and looked at
the oil painting.
After Leonard memorized the contents of the portrait, he mentioned a few
relevant questions related to the Zoroast family and received a satisfactory
answer. The only exception was the name of the potion names of Sequence
3 to 0. Mobet wasn’t too sure either; all he knew was that Sequence 1 was
apparently Worm of Time.
After ending this topic, Leonard asked about the Solomon Empire:
“In your era, what major aristocratic families are there in the Empire?”
“There weren’t many families with dukes.” Mobet put down his cup and
spread out his palm. “Our Zoroast family, the Abraham family, the Zaratul
family. In addition, although the Medici family and Lord Ouroboros didn’t
have any aristocratic titles, their standing wasn’t worse than the major
aristocratic families.”
Every time he spoke, he would curl his finger, finally curling them into a
fist.
Then, he smiled and said, “At that time, although Tudor and the Trunsoest
were the most loyal angels under His Majesty, they were still ranked
beneath us. They were on par with Augustus and Castiya.”
The history of the Augustus family can actually be traced to the era of the
Solomon Empire… While Audrey was surprised, she became even more
focused on listening.
Leonard thought and continued asking, “In that era, what was the situation
in the Northern Continent?”
“All living creatures submitted to His Majesty. Even deities acknowledged
His Majesty’s rule in order to fight against opposing factions.” Mobet
chuckled. “They’ all have countries that belong to ‘Them’ in poorer places.
In short, Evernight, God of Combat, and Death were at odds. The three
deities of Storm, Blazing Sun, and Wisdom had a great conflict with each
other. Earth’s attitude was vague and unclear, but ‘She’ was more inclined
towards the God of Combat. This made ‘Them’ unable to cooperate in a
stable fashion, thus being unable to form an alliance to fight His Majesty
and the True Creator.”
At this point, Mobet sighed and said, “And precisely for the sake of
balance, His Majesty didn’t attack the Southern Continent, and allowed
Death to unite the plains and the ancient forest to build the Balam Empire.”
No, ultimately, the six deities came to an agreement. Hence, the Black
Emperor perished, establishing the Tudor-Trunsoest United Empire…
Leonard recalled Pallez Zoroast’s mention of this particular phase of history
and, for a baffling reason, felt how history was filled with vicissitudes.
At that moment, Mobet turned his head and looked at him.
“Do you have cigarettes?
“These little devils that came out from the True Creator’s believers aren’t
bad at all.”
Leonard immediately controlled the dream and conjured a cigarette before
handing it over.
“Is this an improved version?” Mobet stretched out his right hand and
snaked out a ball of fire from the kitchen behind the bar. He lit the cigarette
and took a deep breath.
Seeing smoke coming out of his nostrils, Leonard asked curiously, “The
True Creator’s believers like to smoke?”
“That’s right. Even Lord Medici would occasionally smoke a few sticks.
Although it’s just a habit for ‘Him,” Mobet answered without hiding
anything.
Leonard nodded and asked, “Which deity do you believe in?”
“Of course, it’s His Majesty. All the aristocrats in the Empire believe in His
Majesty. Uh, other than Lords Medici and Ouroboros. They believe in the
True Creator. Also, Duke Bethel Abraham might just be faking it.
According to what I know, ‘He’ only believes in ‘Himself,” Mobet quipped.
Bethel Abraham… A thought came to Klein. He was about to signal
Leonard to ask further when he heard the poet ask, “Is Duke Bethel
Abraham very powerful?”
Clearly, the completely different behavior compared to the other aristocratic
families in the Empire made this ancestor of the Abraham family stand out.
“Very powerful. Even Lord Medici and Ouroboros are afraid of ‘Him,”
Mobet said as he puffed out smoke rings. “In the warring era, ‘He’ was
publicly acknowledged as one of the angels most likely to become a deity.”
“Warring era?” Leonard asked curiously.
Mobet looked at the slowly burning cigarette in his hand and said, “This
isn’t thrilling enough. Heh heh. The warring era refers to the time after the
Cataclysm ended to the point when the Empire was established. It lasted
about 112 years. Our Zoroast family’s first angel perished in the warring
era. Thankfully, we were helped by His Majesty before ‘He’ became a god;
thus, we didn’t lose the Beyonder characteristic.”
“Who did it?” Leonard immediately asked.
Mobet shook his head.
“I’m not Sequence 4 yet, so there are many things I’m not qualified to
know.
“Let’s talk about Duke Bethel Abraham; I actually don’t really know much
about ‘Him,’ but I was very interested in their family and the Beyonder
pathway they control. It’s said that the Apprentice can wander the cosmos
once they reach Sequence 2. Uh, there are also rumors that it’s at Sequence
3.”
Cosmos? Klein’s pupils dilated slightly as he became more focused.
At this moment, Mobet continued, “They left behind lots of information
regarding the cosmos, recording many interesting things. Unfortunately, I
never managed to borrow them. However, I heard of the three laws that they
concluded for wandering the cosmos:
“First, don’t respond to any calls. Second, don’t be reckless and approach
unknown creatures or buildings. Third, endure loneliness.”
It sounds like the cosmos is vast and dangerous… I wonder if the current
Abraham family still has the travel notes related to the cosmos. I’ll get Miss
Magician to ask in the future… When Klein’s gaze swept over, it happened
to cross with Miss Justice’s gaze that was directed at him. They
immediately realized that the other party had also thought of Miss
Magician.
Leonard did the same. He nodded slightly and asked about other matters.
During this process, the dream changed with Mobet’s memories. Following
that, they saw the appearances of Medici, Ouroboros, and other high-level
figures.
Of course, as Mobet had few interactions with the Black Emperor and
Bethel Abraham and didn’t dare to look at ‘Them’ head-on, his impression
of ‘Them’ was a blur.
Towards the end, Audrey grabbed both Klein’s and Leonard’s arms and
jumped into Siatas’s dream.
This Elven Songster was standing in the garden holding her stomach and
frowning at Mobet.
“Can you steal the fetus in my stomach and stuff it into your body?”
“It can be done, but even if it’s stuffed into my body, I won’t be able to give
birth to him,” Mobet replied fearfully.
Siatas thought seriously and said, “Then steal the corresponding organs that
are needed?”
“…If it’s just the simple act of theft, then it might still succeed. But for
what f-follows after, I’ll be at my wit’s end. This is beyond my
capabilities…” Mobet said nervously.
The conversation between the human and elf left the trio dumbfounded.
After a few seconds, Audrey suggested, “…Why don’t I do it this time?”