Chapter 952

What a Small World
Danitz jumped in fright as he blurted out, “Sorry, I didn’t see anything…”
Before he could finish his sentence, he had already pulled the door handle
towards him.
Bang!
The door closed, emitting a sound that echoed through the corridor.
At this point, Danitz finally came to a realization.
What was I doing just now…
What is Anderson doing?
He instinctively removed the black boxing glove and thought bitterly with a
frown. Finally, he decided to return to his room, pack his luggage, and
leave.
As for what Anderson was trying to do, he felt that something was amiss
despite his curiosity. He had no plans on getting himself involved in it, lest
he fell into a trap.
Captain said that I should maintain fear and respect towards the unknown.
So, I should distance myself from this… Just as Danitz turned around, he
suddenly heard the door unlock before being opened.
Anderson, whose buttons on the lower part of his shirt weren’t buttoned up,
walked out with a dull, pitch-black knife. He looked at Danitz with a mixed
expression.
“Aren’t you going to try to stop me?”
Danitz acutely noticed the chance to mock him as he sniggered.
“That’s your freedom.
“If you didn’t leave a will, I’ll be rich!”
Anderson rubbed his cheeks.
“Aren’t you curious about what I encountered?”
Danitz glanced at him suspiciously.
“I keep feeling as though you’re up to something.”
Anderson roared with laughter.
“Well, I had been captured some time ago and was soaked in strange blood
with all kinds of ingredients. I was corroded by it for an extended period of
time until a strange chrysalis was formed inside my body. This was to create
the effect of having a certain level of attraction towards High-Sequence
Beyonders of the Hunter pathway.”
As he spoke, he pointed at his abdomen.
Danitz was taken aback.
“I’ve never really heard of something like that.
“If you were another sex, I might’ve imagined that you’re pregnant…”
He paused for a moment before asking, “That strange fellow in Revival
Square was attracted by the baby, no— ‘chrysalis’ in your stomach?”
Anderson nodded as Danitz gestured with his hands.
“You were trying to cut open your abdomen to extract the ‘chrysalis’?”
Anderson replied honestly, “Yes, I’m worried about how it would affect me,
or if it will continue attracting demigods. I have to make every second
count to remove this latent problem.”
Danitz thought before asking in puzzlement, “Then why aren’t you making
the attempt?
“You forgot to set up a will, and you want me to be your witness?”
Anderson’s facial muscles twitched as he chuckled.
“Not bad. Your Provoker potion should almost be digested.”
He then sighed.
“After some careful analysis, I believe there’s no direct way to extract it.
Otherwise, they wouldn’t have soaked me in blood and allow the
ingredients to seep into me. They could’ve just opened up my stomach and
placed the chrysalis inside before sewing me up.”
Without waiting for Danitz’s reply, he said in thought, “Don’t you have the
method to contact Gehrman Sparrow? He’s been through so much and
knows so much, so I would like to consult him on how to resolve this
problem.”
In recent months, Danitz was extremely afraid of people raising the matter
about him knowing Gehrman Sparrow, so he subconsciously retorted, “No!
I haven’t seen him since I left the Golden Dream!”
Anderson curled the corner of his lips and said, “When you were writing to
Gehrman Sparrow, I was beside him and have met his messenger.”
Danitz’s expression immediately froze. He forced a smile after a few
seconds.
“Then why don’t you directly summon his messenger?”
Anderson raised his hand again and touched his throat, chuckling.
“I don’t know the ritual for summoning his messenger.”
Danitz still suspected that Anderson was up to something, and was
unwilling to confirm that he had been repeatedly communicating with
Gehrman Sparrow. He then suggested, “Actually, you can always seek the
help of our captain on such matters. She’s very knowledgeable and good at
research. She knows many secret techniques and can also seek the Church
of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom for help. She should be able to give
you the solution for resolving the matter of the chrysalis in your stomach.
“Haha, if you’re embarrassed, I can talk to her for you.”
Just as he said that, he saw Anderson’s face beam. He quickly replied with a
rushed tone, “Alright, let’s do that!
“I’ve already packed my luggage. When shall we set off?”
“…” Danitz fell into a daze for a few seconds, feeling that he had been
tricked by Anderson.
He returned to the room, drank his remaining beer, and threw all the
miscellaneous items into his luggage bag, leaving behind a dried leaf with
golden patterns.
This was the token Danitz previously used to establish contact with the
Northern State’s dominant leader, General Maysanchez. Following
Gehrman Sparrow’s instructions, he left the leaf inside and allowed the
person-in-charge to follow up.
In the room that Danitz checked out of, a candle was suddenly lit as a two-
meter-tall scarlet flame burgeoned.
Amidst the flames, a figure walked out. He was wearing a silk top hat,
black formal suit, and had white sideburns. He looked outstanding with his
deep, blue eyes and mature demeanor. He was none other than Klein as
Dwayne Dantès.
After picking up the leaf with golden patterns, Klein left the hotel, circling
around the sealed-off Revival Square, and came to Cookawa’s core region,
White Feather Square.
Maysanchez’s residence was there, located beside a Death cathedral that
descended downwards.
As a standard Loenese gentleman, Dantès looked out of place when
walking through the city. Here, the foreigners were a minority, with most
foreigners seen around the few major embassies located around Rejoice
Square. The other places were filled with mostly locals from Balam.
Their skin was slightly brown, and they had curly black hair. Their facial
features were soft, and in the eyes of most people from the Northern
Continent, people of the same sex all looked the same, aside from the
differences in height and weight.
These locals, be it male or female, enjoyed rolling dried tobacco leaves into
Balam cigarettes. Along the way, Klein would see residents spewing out
smoke alongside the road from time to time.
In addition, many of them hung a fruit known as Dalawa by their waists.
This fruit was the size of two fists, with thick skin. After digging open a
tiny hole and eating the flesh inside, one could use it to store water, alcohol,
and other beverages.
Based on Klein’s observations, they mostly drank an orange-yellow
Gwadar. It was sour with a hint of sweetness, good at quenching thirst and
relieving heat. It was also great at keeping people awake.
I didn’t have a chance to try it before… Klein mumbled as he found the
guard manning the general’s residence and sought to meet a man named
Haggis.
Due to his appearance as a Loenese person and a gentleman, the guard
didn’t deny his request or make it difficult for him. He got a person to head
in to get a man in his thirties.
The man’s facial features and skin were that of a standard Balam native.
However, his curly black hair had been pulled straight and neatly combed
back as though he was trying to mimic members of high society in the
various countries of the Northern Continent.
He wore a white shirt and a black vest, matched with a very formal bow tie.
Upon seeing Dwayne Dantès, he said in standard Loenese, “Good
afternoon, I’m Haggis. Nice to meet you.”
His accent was a little odd, different from any borough in Loen.
Klein had lived in high society for quite a period of time, so he wasn’t too
surprised. He said with a smile, “Good afternoon, I’m Dwayne Dantès. I
never expected to meet a gentleman who’s so good at using the accent of
Loenese nobles.”
Haggis couldn’t help but smile.
“Many children of noble birth from Loen have one come to East and West
Balam to seek out opportunities. I was fortunate to learn from them.”
“Oh, I might know some of them.” Klein wasn’t in a rush to talk business as
he began making small talk with Haggis like a gentleman.
Haggis smiled.
“My friend includes Colonel Alfred Hall, the second son of an earl.”
Hall… Klein let out a soft chuckle.
“I once met Earl Hall at a charity party. He’s a true noble.
“What a small world.”
Haggis nodded in agreement.
“Perhaps this is an arrangement of fate. Unfortunately, Alfred was
transferred to East Balam last year.”
He didn’t continue as he immediately invited Dwayne Dantès into the
general’s residence.
When passing through the side door, Klein suddenly looked up, glancing at
the embedded stained glass above.
The glass shimmered like a rainbow under the illumination of sunlight, as
though gazes were sweeping past.