Chapter 483

: New Identity
The sky was dark outside the window, but it wasn’t the dark fog which
Klein was used to. The sea waves rolled in, blowing away all the smog and
making the clouds line up in various shapes, reflecting the reddish-gold
sunlight.
This was Pritz Harbor, the largest and busiest port in the Loen Kingdom.
Wearing a light vest and white shirt, Klein stood by the window and
watched the outside world for a while until his pocket watch urged him to
return to the mahogany table.
In the warmth of the fireplace, he picked up a black, round fountain pen,
unfolded a letter, and slowly wrote:
Dear Mr. Azik,
Forgive me for not writing to you until today, but for the past few days, I’ve
been wandering in Backlund, immersed in the devastation that has been
inflicted on this great city by the events of the past few days. If we were
ordinary people, perhaps we would’ve been covered with white cloth and
carried to the crematorium, eventually settling in a tiny niche…
I’ve waited for quite a while and finally found an opportunity to retrieve
what belongs to me. This includes the Card of Blasphemy I promised you. In
addition, there’s another item which I will get the messenger to bring to you
as well; it’s a copper whistle that can summon a messenger. It comes from a
chance encounter of mine, regarding an elder who crawled out of his coffin.
I’m sure you’re puzzled having read this, as the description I used similarly
points to you. This is what puzzles me.
… This is exactly what happened. I suspect that the original owner of the
copper whistle is a member of the Numinous Episcopate that tries to revive
Death. Furthermore, his level isn’t low. Perhaps you’ll be able to tell
something from this copper whistle…
Before leaving Backlund, I will write to the Machinery Hivemind to
describe the massive underground ruin where you fought Ince Zangwill. I
hope that they will be able to figure out the truth with the help of this
information.
After going through a roundabout and indirect test, I’ve confirmed that they
do not have any enmity towards you and me for the time being. If you’re in
trouble, perhaps you can try seeking their help.
Finally, I have one more question. Is there any way to remove the residual
mental corruption of a Beyonder characteristic that has already solidified?
… I am about to set sail. I wish you a smooth journey in finding your
memories and a safe journey for myself as well.
Your student and friend,
Klein Moretti.
Putting down the pen and reading it once more, Klein folded the letter and
stuffed it into the envelope along with the Dark Emperor card and the
copper whistle left behind by the suspected Numinous Episcopate member.
When he was done, he picked up the copper whistle Mr. Azik had given
him and summoned the messenger by blowing into it.
The messenger was still nearly four meters tall, made purely of white
bones, its eye sockets burning with black fire. However, Klein’s spiritual
intuition told him that this was another messenger.
Sighing secretly, Klein raised his arm and placed the letter into the
messenger’s lowered palm.
The messenger lowered his head to take a look, before quickly
disintegrating into bones and drilled into the ground like a torrential
downpour.
Seeing this, Klein lightly tapped his right molar and deactivated his Spirit
Vision.
He returned his gaze to the table, where there was a pale yellow
identification card. This was a necessary item required for official purchases
of any voyage tickets.
For this, he had specially gone to Sharron and obtained a new identity
through her circle.
This identity was that of a bounty hunter, a lunatic who was eager to go on
an adventure at sea to get rich. In accordance with Klein’s wishes, his name
was Gehrman Sparrow.
“A hunter of evil…” Klein whispered, putting away a series of documents
for his new identity.
Shortly after, he drew the curtains, took four steps counterclockwise, and
went above the fog.
There was still some time before the Tarot Gathering, so Klein quickly
retrieved Creeping Hunger and wore it on his hand.
Closing his eyes, he tried to sense each and every twisted, illusory soul. He
attempted to release the Faceless.
In the real world, Creeping Hunger would happily consume this gift and
spit out the corresponding Beyonder characteristic, but above the fog, it
didn’t dare to act rashly. It allowed the soul of the Faceless to leave the
glove and appear to the side of the long bronze table.
It was a middle-aged man with a blurry face. His twisted and painful
feelings seemed to dissipate quite a bit.
With difficulty, he bowed at Klein, who was leaning back in his chair. His
figure gradually turned dim, almost plummeting beneath the gray fog at any
moment.
In the majestic palace, Klein could directly “communicate” without any
additional rituals prepared; thus, he extended his spirituality and stabilized
the man before saying in a low voice, “Do you know where there are live
mermaids?”
The man answered in an adrift manner, “Apart from those kept by the
Church of the Evernight Goddess, they can only be found by sailing from
the Gargas Archipelago towards the Sonia Sea for at least a week. That was
my destination.”
So he’s also a Faceless seeking to advance… In order to seek out mermaids,
he had taken the risk to go out to sea. However, he somehow died at the
hands of Rear Admiral Hurricane Qilangos in the end… The Church of the
Goddess rears quite a number of mermaids? Klein suddenly asked in
realization, “Which organization did you belong to? Or should I say, where
did your potion formula come from?”
The blurry-faced middle-aged man’s body suddenly trembled. It was only
two seconds later that he spoke up.
“The Secret Order. I belong to the Secret Order.”
Secret Order? Doesn’t the Secret Order rear their own mermaids? Klein
hesitated for a moment before asking, “Have you ever seen your leader,
Zaratul?”
The illusory and transparent Faceless was silent at first, but then he shouted
with a sharp voice, “I have!
“H-he’s abnormal! He’s an undying monster!”
As he spoke, his figure became increasingly thin, almost on the verge of
dissipating.
As expected, Zaratul is still alive! Just what had happened for a Secret
Order member to be so afraid of him? More accurately, I should use
“Him”… Klein quickly asked about another key issue, “Apart from the
treasures left behind by the Antigonus family and what your Secret Order
has, is there anywhere I can get the High-Sequence Beyonder formulas for
the Seer pathway?”
The Faceless turned increasingly transparent and more illusory. He finally
left the words: “The Church of the Evernight Goddess… Cathedral of
Serenity…”
The Holy Cathedral… Klein silently watched as the Faceless’s Spirit Body
achieved complete liberation as he repeated the words. The Cathedral of
Serenity was the headquarters of the Church of the Evernight Goddess, also
known as the Holy Cathedral according to the Nighthawks.
There really are high Sequence potion formulas of the Seer pathway hidden
there… I wonder how many secrets the various Churches have kept buried
and hidden…Sighing, Klein let the dark green glue-like substance, that had
formed on the surface of his glove, slide onto the surface of the long bronze
table.
The Faceless Beyonder characteristic eventually formed a jelly-like
translucent object. In the dark green background, from time to time, there
were different faces emerging, like shadows hidden behind dark curtains.
Klein took a few looks before nodding indiscernibly. He muttered to
himself, “I’ll use The World later to get Mr. Hanged Man to sell this
Beyonder characteristic either to Artisans or Beyonders who need it.”
Although he had found a flaw in the official Beyonders’ surveillance of 15
Minsk Street by means of divination above the gray fog, he didn’t return
there so as to not provoke them or expose the secrets of his Spirit Body.
Instead, he spent extra money to buy a change of clothing and other daily
necessities. All of that amounted to twelve pounds.
Together with the eight pounds paid for the documents of his new identity,
his wallet was so empty that there was almost no need for it to exist.
As for the 10 percent stake in the bike company, Klein found an opportunity
to meet with Isengard Stanton and signed a legal agreement to entrust the
matter to him. After all, their relationship wasn’t a secret in the eyes of the
Nighthawks or the Machinery Hivemind.
I still have five pounds in cash and five gold coins… It will cost four pounds
to head for the Rorsted Archipelago, and that’s for a third-class ticket at the
lower deck… It would take at least four pounds to go from the Rorsted
Archipelago to the Gargas Archipelago… I have to quickly sell off the
Faceless Beyonder characteristic… This way, I would be able to afford a
second-class cabin and eat decent food… Thanks to Emlyn’s suitcase being
placed above the gray fog all this time, I’ve had to buy another one… Klein
silently went through his financial situation, feeling as if he had returned to
the time when he had just transmigrated, relying on the salary of the
Nighthawks before he could even buy a suit.
A Sequence 6 Beyonder characteristic varies between 3,000 to 4,000
pounds. If I encounter someone in desperate need for it, then it can be sold
at a premium… But apart from maintaining my living expenses, I have to
consider the cost of the Nimblewright Master’s supplementary ingredients. I
also have to consider the cost of the ritual needed to eliminate the mental
corruption. Klein sighed and took out his pocket watch to take a look at it.
Seeing that it was about time, he sent a message to Little Sun to prepare for
the gathering.
…
Fors’s vision turned clear as she saw three figures sitting across the long,
mottled table.
A new member? With a thought, she quickly settled down.
At this moment, she didn’t care if the Tarot Club had any new members.
Her mind was filled with the incident of the smog and plague from last
week.
She vividly remembered that The World had warned herself and Miss
Justice at the last gathering that something huge was brewing in Backlund,
which could likely bring about a tragedy. Mr. Fool had confirmed that
conjecture, and he had further pointed out that the person at the heart of the
problem was Prince Edessak.
She didn’t doubt Mr. Fool’s abilities and felt that the tragedy needed time to
brew, giving her plenty of time to investigate. Who knew that it would
come so quickly and so suddenly!
Prince Edessak was also reported to have been infected in the haze and
unfortunately died… It really happened. It really happened… Thinking back
to the contents of the newspapers from a few days ago, she seemed to
understand something, but she wasn’t sure of it. For a moment, she felt
terrified and uneasy.
As a Sequence 9, I seemed to have become involved with terrifying matters
that involved a huge city, a prince, and tens of thousands of lives just
because I’m a member of the Tarot Club! It was only at this moment that
The Magician, Fors, realized the importance of being a member of the Tarot
Club.
Then, she heard Miss Justice’s usual greeting that lacked her exuberance.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool.
“You saved Backlund again!”
Ah? What? When was I saved again? The Moon Emlyn listened blankly.