Chapter 1356

Urgency
After stabilizing his anchors, the will of the Celestial Worthy, and the weak
balance of his consciousness, Klein leaned back in his chair and observed
the various powers brought about by the Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder
characteristic.
Among them, there were three most important ones. They were all grasped
by Klein using Sefirah Castle and the “curtain,” ahead of time, but he just
didn’t know the exact names.
The first was “Regenerate”: If the materials that made up an item once had
a Spirit Body, then the Attendant of Mysteries could use the powers of
“Regenerate” to summon the corresponding Spirit Body Threads, making
the item become his marionette. Then, he could establish a deep connection
with the item and also naturally transform it into a marionette.
To put it simply, an Attendant of Mysteries couldn’t allow something that
didn’t have Spirit Body Threads to produce Spirit Body Threads, but he
could allow some items to regenerate their Spirit Body Threads that had
long disappeared. The former represented metallic items, gold coins, gold
pounds, and so on. The latter mainly consisted of beef, fish, and other food.
Once humans ate food that were marionettes, they would also transform
into marionettes, as though they had encountered intense corruption.
The second was “Reassembly,” which was also known as “Tampering”: It
could reassemble many physical objects or abstract concepts into something
different, resulting in an unbelievable effect. It was like changing the
definition, logic, orientation, or rules.
The third was the “Realm of Mysteries”: This was an ability used to create
an embryonic form of a divine kingdom. It could bring about a certain
concealment effect.
“Reassembly” represents the authority of “change,” while the “Realm of
Mysteries” represents “concealment.” The two essential elements of The
Fool’s symbol are in place… However, “Reassembly” and “Tampering”
doesn’t sound nice, and the meaning isn’t clear enough. “Grafting” is still
better. It’s obvious at a glance… Klein mumbled inwardly before casting
his gaze around.
Now, he had deepened his control of Sefirah Castle, he could directly
borrow the powers nearing Sequence 0 of the Seer pathway. He could also
use most of the Beyonder powers below Sequence 0 of the Marauder and
Apprentice pathways. It was quite similar to Dark Angel Sasrir from back
then.
Of course, Dark Angel Sasrir could only use the first Blasphemy Slate to
indirectly use the powers of the Chaos Sea. As for Klein, he was the owner
of Sefirah Castle, one that hadn’t fully gained control of the sefirah.
Therefore, his level was higher than Dark Angel Sasrir’s.
As for strength, in theory, he was stronger, but his strength was affected by
too many factors. Having only become a Beyonder after a few years, Klein
couldn’t guarantee that he would definitely be able to defeat Heaven’s
deputy and the left hand of God.
In short, he was now considered a king of the King of Angels, and he was
very close to the level of a true god.
After gaining a deeper grasp of Sefirah Castle, the difference between me in
here and in the outside world is almost gone. It wouldn’t result in me being
a King of Angels outside but having the power of a true god in Sefirah
Castle… The greatest advantage here is it provides me a defensive barrier
that even a true god can’t break. Yes, whether the Outer Deities can do it
remains to be seen… Klein slowly exhaled as he focused his attention on
the current situation.
There were two things he was most worried about at present:
The first was the Primordial Moon, which was also the Mother Goddess of
Depravity. Although “She” failed to fully descend into the real world with
Mr. Door’s return, a little portion of “Her” strength had invaded.
Furthermore, “She” maintained it for a few seconds under the attacks of the
five orthodox deities of Evernight, Steam, and company. Whether this
would affect the surroundings, the corresponding pathways, and exert
certain effects on some matters remained to be seen.
Second, Angel of Time Amon has already stolen Mr. Door’s ritual and
became Sequence 0 of the Marauder pathway. “He” would be Klein’s most
direct and most powerful enemy.
I wonder if Amon has taken the opportunity to accommodate Mr. Door’s
Uniqueness and Sequence 1 Key of Stars. If “He” has completed this step,
“He” will be the most powerful true god in the real world. Hmm, I wonder
how “He” compares to the Evernight Goddess. No one knows how much of
the Death and God of Combat Uniquenesses the Goddess has
accommodated.
Typically speaking, Amon shouldn’t have the time to accommodate the
Apprentice pathway’s Uniqueness. Although Mr. Door’s return is equivalent
to the ritual itself, the most important matter at that moment was to replace
Mr. Door, allowing the three Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristics and the
Uniqueness of the Marauder pathway to gather together, resulting in a
qualitative change. There’s no time to accommodate the Uniqueness of the
Apprentice pathway. Also, this operation has a high chance of awakening
the Celestial Worthy. Amon wouldn’t take such a risk…
In other words, Amon’s subsequent focus is to accommodate the
Uniqueness of the Apprentice pathway and become a true god of two
pathways. Otherwise, under the watch of the other true deities, it will be
very difficult for “Him” to finish off a King of Angels like me.
Furthermore, even if “He” does take the risk and succeeds, “Him” having
accommodated the Apprentice pathway’s Uniqueness means that “He” has
to slowly adapt and stabilize “His” condition, making it impossible to deal
with me in a short period of time.
I have to make use of the time to become The Fool. Only by doing so can I
use Sefirah Castle and my own level to resist Amon.
I don’t have much time left… Klein silently gave a self-deprecating
comment. He leaned forward and gently tapped the edge of the long mottled
table.
He was analyzing the possibility of him becoming The Fool in a short
period of time.
The digestion of the Attendant of Mysteries potion was relatively simple.
By the time Klein used his anchor and consciousness to suppress the
awakening of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings, and
not lose control or become someone else, he could use Sefirah Castle to
create an avatar like Amon. Then, he could use the power of Sefirah Castle
to steal the undigested Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic he
got from Zaratul.
At this point, Klein would immediately turn the avatar into a marionette to
prevent any unexpected developments.
This way, Klein would drop to the level of an Attendant of Mysteries who
had fully digested the potion, and he would have an Attendant of Mysteries
marionette—this was one of the main ingredients of the potion.
And the Attendant of Mysteries who had digested the potion was qualified
to consume The Fool’s potion and become a Sequence 0 true god.
These series of operations weren’t too complicated, but it was prone to
mistakes. Furthermore, an ordinary dual Sequence 1 King of Angels from
the Seer pathway couldn’t do it unless “They” have a Sequence 2 Trojan
Horse of Destiny friend of the Marauder pathway who’s willing to sacrifice
“Himself” to provide help. Of course, a Sequence 1 Worm of Time friend
could do it.
Therefore, to Klein, the most troublesome thing was the other two matters:
First, how to deal with The Half-Fool of the Antigonus family, and
secondly, how to complete the ritual of “fooling time, history, or fate.”
With my current level and strength, it isn’t impossible to deal with the
Antigonus family’s ancestor. Of course, the prerequisite is that I should first
familiarize myself with the corresponding Beyonder powers and changes in
Sefirah Castle… Sigh, I don’t have any idea on how to approach The Fool’s
ritual at all. Klein raised his hand and pinched his forehead, casting his gaze
at the grayish-white fog beneath Sefirah Castle.
Among time, history, and fate, he was undoubtedly more familiar with
history.
Now, he could use Sefirah Castle to directly influence the fog of history,
allowing the corresponding powers of the Seer pathway to become stronger
or weaker.
This was the embodiment of authority.
Fooling history… Fooling history… Klein tapped the edge of the long
mottled table again as various thoughts flashed through his mind, but he
repeatedly wrote them off.
In his opinion, all the possible solutions didn’t satisfy the requirements of
“fooling history.” This was because history objectively recorded what had
happened. Whatever happened was definitely reasonable. And the solutions
that could satisfy the requirements, such as returning to the past, consuming
the potion, and becoming The Fool that came from history, wasn’t able to
achieve it. At the very least, Klein had never seen the ability to reverse time.
As his gaze moved deep into the fog of history, Klein suddenly had a
feasible idea.
The present reality of history was this: The Tarot Club members believed
that they were following The Fool that didn’t belong to this era—an
awakened ancient god or an existence that surpassed an ancient god. In fact,
Mr. Fool was originally just an ordinary person hanging above the gray fog.
He used all sorts of resources to package himself and improve himself.
Klein’s thoughts were inspired by Amon.
He could use Sefirah Castle to create an avatar, and let the avatar use
Sefirah Castle to steal the fate, consciousness, anchors, and Zaratul’s
Sequence 1 Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic.
Therefore, the main body’s Beyonder characteristic was formed purely from
the one inside the “curtain,” in which the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and
Earth for Blessings was slowly awakening in.
This way, the understanding of the Tarot Club members was correct. Mr.
Fool was a great existence that was awakening.
This went against the true history, but it was a fact grounded in reality. It
could fulfill the requirements of the ritual.
Of course, the premise was that the act of stealing an avatar needed to
happen in Sefirah Castle or other concealed areas. Otherwise, it would also
be recorded in history, preventing it from achieving the effects of “fooling.”
As for how he was to deal with the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth
for Blessings when “He” awakened, and how his avatar was to kill his true
form and make “Him” a potion, Klein was temporarily out of a solution.
The result of this attempt is equivalent to suicide. Heh, before being killed
by the Celestial Worthy, my avatar’s Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder
characteristic would’ve been digested by then. After all, I successfully
revived the Lord of the Mysteries… Klein shook his head and threw the
incomplete plan to the back of his mind.
Under the circumstances where he couldn’t think of a solution, he decided
to seek advice from the existences that might know what to do.
He had two targets: One was Snake of Fate Will Auceptin, and the other
was the Evernight Goddess.
The former might have some thoughts about “fooling fate,” while the latter
probably knew what kind of ritual the ancestor of the Antigonus family
used to accommodate The Fool’s Uniqueness.
After stabilizing his mental state, Klein left Sefirah Castle and directly
“Teleported” to Backlund.