Chapter 1385

“Madness“
Amon and the strange door of light were “Grafted” together.
“His” face grimaced as the darkness in “His” eyes intensified.
At the same time, more slippery tentacles appeared under “His” classic
black robe, fully showcasing the crazy feeling was completely displayed.
Just as Klein was preparing to sever the connection between Amon and
Sefirah Castle and make “Him” maintain “His” madness, the corners of
Amon’s mouth curled up.
It was as if he was saying:
“Congratulations, you have fallen into a trap.”
“His” face was immediately covered with a translucent mask that was
similar to The Fool’s Uniqueness, but one that was even more illusory.
Klein’s mind tensed up, and without a second thought, he immediately used
the authority of “Fooling” without any regard for the consequences.
But before he could react, his thoughts slowed down. He was in a dazed
state that he didn’t know what to do.
Fooling!
Amon actually used the temporary “Reassembly” between “Him” and
Sefirah Castle to escape Klein’s interference and activate the power of The
Fool’s domain.
Such an action completely exceeded his instincts and was more like a
meticulous trap.
Amon didn’t seem to be crazy enough!
This true god of the Error and Door pathways immediately removed the
“Grafting” of “Himself” to Sefirah Castle, allowing the mysterious door
that was tainted with hints of bluish-black to quickly fade away to prevent
“Him” from being tainted further.
After dealing with this latent danger, Amon raised both hands, “His”
thumbs and index fingers touching each other to form an oval.
In the oval, starlight lit up, perfectly embracing Klein’s figure.
Right on the heels of that, Amon’s hands suddenly parted to the side as
though they were tearing something apart. This seemed to be a heavy task.
With the tearing sounds of paper, the area where Klein’s body was in
seemed to turn into glass. Under the intense impact, countless cracks
appeared as they shattered bit by bit.
This was a form of regression and the destruction of space. Unable to
withstand it at all, Klein’s body could only turn into paper fragments that
flew in the air as the surrounding void collapsed and shattered. These bits of
paper were instantly swallowed up by the darkness.
By the time the space collapsed, Klein’s paper figurines were almost
exhausted.
Of course, he also relied on the level and traits of The Fool to forcefully
escape the effects of “Blind Stupidity.”
And at this moment, Amon had already split into countless figures. Some of
them were purely avatars, some were replicas on the level of symbolism,
while others were left behind from constantly “Blinking.”
At that moment, the sky above Klein’s head and the surrounding wilderness
were occupied by Amons. “They” wore pointed hats and monocles,
blocking every single loophole.
Some of these Amons transformed into old, mottled, bluish-black wall
clocks. Some of “Them” turned into pure starlight, as though “They” were
trying to create a cage. Some extended “Their” hands, doing different levels
of “Theft.” Some of the monocles glowed as “They” used various items that
“They” had stolen from the past. Some simulated various abilities, either
exerting limitations, interference, or attacks.
In the Marauder pathway, “Theft” was a core skill, one of its main symbols.
The difference between it and a Seer’s control of Spirit Body Threads was
that, as one advanced through the Sequences, not only did its effects and
success rate increase, it also obtained a deeper level of conceptualization.
At Sequence 9 to Sequence 7, “Theft” happened on items. At Sequence 6,
“Theft” happened on Beyonder powers. After advancing to Sequence 5,
“Theft” happened on thoughts and ideas. At Sequence 4 and Sequence 3,
“Theft” became life, including parasitic theft at the physical level. And at
Sequence 2 level, the range of “Theft” broadened to fate, identity, self-
awareness, and Beyonder characteristics. As for Sequence 1, “Theft” could
temporarily happen on time, anchors, and authorities.
Therefore, when an Error faced a true deity, “He” could also use “Theft”
that had reached the level of authority.
With a gong, the ancient wall clocks paused in unison.
This caused the surrounding environment to freeze, causing the destroyed
wilderness from the sun’s blast to become extremely quiet. Even the
destruction was frozen.
At that moment, Klein seemed to lose his body. All that was left was a
translucent dark-colored cloak and a bizarre ice-cold mask.
Under the cloak and mask was rich darkness. Nothing could be seen other
than the slippery and sinister tentacles that extended out.
In such a state, Klein seemed to escape the limitations of time. In a frozen
environment, he moved like a fish. Through various cracks in reality or
concept, he emerged from the encirclement of the Amons.
He once again used his “Fooling” authority.
This time, he “Fooled” time.
The ancient wall clocks vanished, and in the desolate wilderness that had
almost completely collapsed, time returned to its normal flow. The Amons
stopped “Their” attempts, suddenly merged into one, and “Blinked” behind
Klein, preventing him from having a breather.
“His” left palm reached out, and as “He” retracted it, “He” clenched “His”
fingers.
Around Klein, the space suddenly became shrouded in shadows, making it
look like a thin fishnet veil.
The “fishnet veil” began to twist and reassemble, as though they formed a
sufficiently strong cage that trapped Klein inside.
An illusory door appeared above the cage as it moved quickly without
being fixed in place.
However, Klein’s figure suddenly appeared outside the cell, as though he
had never been sealed by Amon’s Door authority.
He had “Fooled” history and had split his previous and future self.
Hence, the one imprisoned in the cell became his historical projection.
This was the Scholar of Yore’s powers deepening under the “Fooling”
authority.
As he had relied on an advancement ritual based on “Fooling” history,
Klein’s The Fool powers in such a domain were stronger than when he
“Fooled” time and fate.
As soon as he escaped the spatial cell, Klein immediately used the Realm of
Mysteries to create a new divine kingdom of The Fool. This was to stall for
time and find a chance to stabilize his mental state. He had used the Fooling
authority multiple times, and the weak balance in his body was on the verge
of collapsing. If he didn’t stabilize his mental state as soon as possible, the
will of the Celestial Worthy would awaken further.
This was also a serious problem.
At this moment, a huge crystal monocle appeared in front of him.
On this monocle, layers of sparkling lights surged out and flooded him
instantly.
Klein’s mental state suddenly stabilized, but the price was to lose all his
emotions and desires. He didn’t even want to resist. All he wanted was to
stand there quietly and wait for the impending destruction.
This was like an ordinary person being injected with a huge dose of
anesthetic.
At the same time, an illusory book appeared in the layers of light.
The book opened, revealing a sentence:
“Tormented by the Lord of the Mysteries’s mental corruption, Klein Moretti
had always been in great pain and a state of extreme exhaustion. After the
intense battle, he has finally reached his limits due to the influence of his
mind. He had decided to give up and stop resisting.”
Behind the huge crystal monocle, Amon, who was wearing a pointed hat
and classic black robe, quickly outlined “Himself” like a mountain.
“He” looked at Klein, who had given up resisting, and “His” dark eyes
turned lighter as the corners of “His” lips curled up.
“I stole it. How is it?”
Klein raised his head to look at Mr. Error, and he tried hard to open his
mouth. He said weakly, “You were pulling off a deception from the
beginning?”
Amon raised “His” hands and said with a smile, “Unfortunately, you
realized it too late.”
“He” made “His” thumbs and index fingers touch each other, forming an
oval.
In the oval, starlight lit up, illuminating Klein’s figure.
Right on the heels of that, Amon solemnly separated “His” hands, tearing
apart the void where Klein and the surrounding environment relied on to
live.
The void was like glass, shattering into pieces like the collapse of a
skyscraper.
However, all the collapsing and destruction circled Klein’s body without
directly affecting him.
He was like a small fishing boat that calmly cruised through a storm. It
appeared out-of-place and disharmonious, as though it didn’t seem to
belong here.
Amon raised “His” hand and adjusted “His” monocle on “His” right eye,
the smile on “His” face somewhat faded.
A translucent cloak kept popping up and disappearing over the surface of
Klein’s body.
He looked at the mountain-like Amon, his eyes turning darker.
“From the moment you entered Sefirah Castle and said the first word, you
began your deceit.”
At that time, Amon said that “He” had taken the risk to release the
suppression of the Lord of the Mysteries in “His” body, in exchange for the
identity of Sefirah Castle’s owner.
At that moment, Amon didn’t take the opportunity to continue attacking
Klein. “He” floated in midair and looked down at Mr. Fool.
Klein didn’t make any attempts either. His tone was strangely calm, as
though he was preparing something.
“If simply releasing the suppression of the Lord of the Mysteries’s will
allows you to enter Sefirah Castle at the cost of being half-crazy, Antigonus
could’ve done so back then. The Annihilation Demonic Wolf, Flegrea, from
even earlier could’ve done it as well. You and Mr. Door previously had
countless opportunities.
“Clearly, it’s impossible to invade Sefirah Castle by just making the Lord of
the Mysteries awaken to a certain extent, and using half-craziness in concert
with Error. There’s no way you can find a usable bug in this matter unless
you directly get ‘Him’ to replace you.
“Only when you possessed the Door authority to go anywhere did you see
hope. By creating a back door and using bugs, you could make Sefirah
Castle treat you as the Lord of the Mysteries and give you the
corresponding authority.
“Of course, this will definitely require the awakening of the Lord of the
Mysteries to a rather dangerous state. Without this hidden identity, you
won’t be able to deceive Sefirah Castle without any reason.
“After absorbing Door’s Uniqueness, you didn’t immediately infiltrate
Sefirah Castle to deal with me who was even weaker back then. It was
because at that time, you were unable to completely withstand the
awakening of the Lord of the Mysteries’s will, with you having just
advanced.
“I believe you’ve already found a relatively safer solution. If I hadn’t
advanced to The Fool so quickly, you would’ve been able to enter Sefirah
Castle in the best state to resolve everything sometime later. And now, you
have no choice but to bring this plan forward. There’s definitely a very
serious problem with you.
“You took the initiative to throw out the price of becoming half-crazy to, on
the one hand, make me think of countermeasures in this direction so as to
lay a deadly trap in key areas, and on the other hand, you also wanted to
divert attention and use this opportunity to conceal other problems.
“You’re not half-mad at all.”
Amon quietly listened to Klein’s words. Rather abnormally, “He” didn’t
interrupt him, nor did “He” attempt to attack. Only when Klein was done
did “He” say with an odd expression, “You’re crazy.”