Chapter 314

: Possible
The Nation of the Evernight, at the peak of the Hornacis mountain range,
believed in the Ruler of the Evernight, the Mother of the Sky… Is there some
connection between that and the Evernight Demonic Wolf, Flegrea? The
illusory ravings I hear are actually “Hornacis… Flegrea?”
What is the connection between the ancient god, Evernight Demonic Wolf
Flegrea and the Goddess? According to Roselle, Sequence 0 is equivalent to
a true god, and each sequence can only have one Sequence 0… The
Goddess had inherited the power from the Evernight Demonic Wolf? He
wasn’t the oldest deity, nor was he the eye of the Creator as he claimed?
Yes, there’s a circumstantial clue that doesn’t count as proof. The Life
School of Thought worships the moon, the crimson moon that evolved from
the Creator’s eye, but they don’t believe in the Evernight Goddess…
Klein suddenly made several connections as he manipulated The World to
speak.
“Is there nothing else?”
“No. Matters regarding the King of Demonic Wolves, Flegrea, is also
considered a myth in the City of Silver.” Derrick felt as though he had not
given any answers. He suggested out of embarrassment, “Mr. World, you
can change to another question.”
Change the question? Little Sun, you’re too honest… Then I won’t stand on
ceremony! Klein made The World say hoarsely, “Your honesty and
trustworthiness leave a deep impression.
“I met a Beyonder before. He was able to freely switch between the body
and spirit, and they were also able to direct zombies. Do you know which
pathway this belongs to, and which Sequence it is?”
Although it was impossible for The Sun, who was located in the Forsaken
Land of the Gods and the City of Silver, to form a connection with the
capital of the Loen Kingdom, Backlund, Klein was cautious enough to
change the pronoun referring to Miss Sharron from “she” to “he.”
“By the way, he’s not a High-Sequence Beyonder,” The World added in a
deep voice.
Derrick recalled the education he had received seriously before saying, “If
he’s not a High-Sequence Beyonder, then the Phoenix pathway can be
eliminated.”
“The Phoenix pathway?” Klein deliberately made The World show a certain
level of surprise.
After attending so many gatherings, Derrick was very clear that there was a
discrepancy between the terms used by the City of Silver and Miss Justice
and company. Therefore, Derrick explained without finding it strange, “It’s
the Beyonder pathway that governs death and partly controls the spirit
world.
“Its Sequence 9 is Corpse Collector.”
So it’s the Death pathway… From the looks of it, Phoenix ancestor,
Gregrace, was Death during the ancient times… Klein sat at the end of the
long bronze table in a composed manner. He controlled World as he
nodded.
“I understand. You can continue.”
Derrick replied immediately, “I can only think of two possibilities. One is a
type of special Devil. Just like I previously said, the Devils that evolve from
different species can have their differences. There is a type that can freely
switch between body and spirit, but they’re rather rare. And they might not
be able to direct zombies.”
“Can they be humans?” The World asked.
“No, not that I know of any similar examples,” Derrick said honestly.
“What about the second possibility?” Klein thought back to Miss Sharron’s
usual performance in battle, and The World changed his sitting position.
Derrick replied seriously, “Mutants.”
“Mutants? Isn’t that referring to monsters?” The World asked hoarsely.
Klein clearly remembered that Mr. Azik had mentioned that the term
“Mutant” was the general term for humans that were put under a curse. Due
to the different curses, Mutants transformed into different races.
They were usually the same as humans, but their hearts were always filled
with a suppressed, twisted desire in their hearts. Their desires erupted when
they came into contact with a certain scene or object, turning into monsters.
They would then succumb to their desires for blood and bloodshed.
Every time they unleashed their desires, they would become slightly more
merciless and apathetic. Finally, they would lose all their positive feelings
that are expected of a human.
The most common Mutant was the Werewolf.
Derrick nodded frankly and said, “That’s right. Mutants are the various
kinds of monsters that evolve from humans due to the negative effects of
certain Beyonder characteristics.”
It’s not a curse, but the negative impact of some Beyonder characteristic?
Sitting upright in the thick gray fog, Klein found this to be different from
what Mr. Azik had described.
Is this the understanding of Mutants from before the Cataclysm? General
knowledge in the City of Silver is quite precious to the Beyonders of the
Northern and Southern continents… Klein became increasingly aware of
the special nature of the Forsaken Land of the Gods.
At this moment, Derrick continued, “The characteristics which Mutants
possess happen to form a Beyonder pathway. Therefore, ordinary people
can turn into Mutants by consuming potions as well.”
“A Mutant pathway? Which pathway is this referring to? What is the name
of the corresponding Sequence 9?” Klein asked curiously through The
World.
Derrick ignored the first few questions, treating them as a necessary
supplement.
“In the City of Silver, the corresponding Sequence 9 is called Prisoner.
“The mind is the prisoner of the body, and the body is the prisoner of the
world. This refers to the madness that is restrained and the desire that is
oppressed.”
Prisoner? This pathway is held by the Rose School of Thought. They’re
famous for their bloody sacrifices, and worship of the so-called Chained
God… Miss Sharron doesn’t look like such a cold-blooded, indiscriminate
person… Wait a minute, Maric was apparently being pursued by some
faction. Were he and Miss Sharron traitors of the Rose School of Thought?
Their betrayal was because they didn’t want to turn into crazy heretics?
Klein speculated as he made The World say, “I’m very satisfied with your
answer. Transaction complete.”
Following that, a few members shared their experiences and news.
As for Klein, he ended the Tarot Gathering just before his spirituality was
exhausted.
When the area above the gray fog returned to its peaceful state, even the
fake World was gone. He then started to travel back and forth between the
real world and the mysterious space, bringing the Master Key to the ancient
palace.
Although I deduced from Roselle’s diary that there is a high probability that
there isn’t a Sequence 0 for the Apprentice pathway, I can’t be rash. If there
is a Sequence 1 or 2, they might be able to counterattack effectively across
space… And what if there really is a Sequence 0? I shouldn’t gamble with
my life… After Klein recovered, he wrote a divination statement: “Its
origin.”
Next, he held the Master Key in his hand so as not to misdirect the moniker
“it.”
Leaning back in his chair, Klein chanted the divination statement and
gradually fell asleep.
In the gray haze of the shattered world, he saw a bronze lamp rack with
many flickering candles.
Around the lamp rack was what seemed to be a secret room, devoid of any
external light. There were long tables, black iron pots, glass jars, brown
colored notebooks, and other items.
A young man wearing a classic black robe stood in front of the long table,
staring at the potion in his hand.
“Ancestors, I am about to embark on the path of extraordinariness. I will
definitely reproduce the illustrious glory of the Abraham family!” he
mumbled to himself and drank the potion.
The muscles on his face contorted in pain.
Suddenly, he cried out miserably and fell to the ground. He squirmed
continuously, strangling himself.
After a few seconds, he tore off his clothes, stripped off his skin, and turned
into a monster covered in blood.
Boom!
His flesh exploded, and each piece of flesh seemed to possess a life of its
own as they continued to crawl in every direction, leaving behind signs of
corrosion.
In the end, they were unable to leave the secret chamber and gradually
calmed down.
The specks of light gathered together and combined together with a broken
finger, forming an ancient and simple-looking brass-colored key.
At the same time, Klein saw a silver pocket watch inlaid with diamonds
among the tattered clothes.
After the dream ended, he opened his eyes and looked forward. He said
with a sigh, “Seriously, he said he wanted to restore the glory of the
Abraham family, but he failed at the first step… It’s risky even at Sequence
9…”
The Abraham family was a powerful aristocratic family of the Tudor
Dynasty during the Fourth Epoch. It was said that they held the Beyonder
pathway of Apprentice, but it was very likely that it was incomplete.
Klein recalled the scene he had just seen. He tapped his fingers on the edge
of the table and muttered to himself, “He spoke in the Loen language. I
can’t tell where his accent is from.
“It was during the last ten years since it became popular to embed pure
diamonds into pocket watches.
“Perhaps I should visit the Harvest Church when I have the time and ask
Father Utravsky where he got his Master Key from… Perhaps I can find
some clues.”
Just as Klein was about to leave the fog, the illusory star that symbolized
The Magician began to swell and contract. Fors was requesting a sacrificial
ritual.
Fors usually wouldn’t have carried so much cash on her, but she had been
planning to attend a Beyonder gathering, so she had left 500 pounds to see
if she could buy what she wanted. Who knew that the corresponding
gathering had been canceled because of the circumstances. Now, she could
use it to pay for the Apothecary formula and the “acting method’—a total of
430 pounds.
Seeing the screen of light appear and seeing the paper money disappear, it
took Fors a few seconds to react. She sincerely thanked Mr. Fool.
I shall sell the Apothecary formula to Viscount Glaint for 300 pounds. I
can’t be too greedy, or else this will ruin our long-term partnership… As for
Miss Audrey, I’ll ignore her for the time being. She has hopes of coming
into contact with the Psychology Alchemists and obtaining the
corresponding formula directly. If there’s really no hope with that, I’ll try
purchasing it from the Tarot Gathering… Sigh… I have to see if the “acting
method” is effective. If it is, then I have to consider how to pray to Mr.
Fool. Oh… Xio is such a fool. She has always been acting as an Arbiter and
had unknowingly fulfilled the requirements of the “acting method”… Fors
began thinking of the future.
When he received the 430 pounds, Klein also received a prayer from Miss
Justice. She said that if Mr. Fool’s adorer no longer needed cash, she could
promise to exchange the 200 pounds for Roselle’s diary entries to make
sure that Mr. Fool was satisfied.
I’m satisfied. I’m only a few dozen pounds short of a thousand pounds!
Klein declined Miss Justice’s offer.
Then, he busily helped The Sun “awaken” his memories regarding the
seven gods.
After doing all this, Klein returned to the real world in exhaustion. He drew
the curtains open and started going through the dossier with the information
regarding the serial murders, searching for the animal that might have
existed.