Chapter 185

: Spiritual World
Waiting for cake? That really wasn’t an answer that I was expecting… Of
course, if I was able to anticipate the answer of a mental patient, wouldn’t
that mean that I was almost there myself… The thought flashed through
Klein’s mind. He maintained his relaxed smile as if he was chatting with a
friend.
“Who’s going to send you a cake?”
Hood Eugen’s expression fell instantly, his face long and depressed.
“No, there’s no cake… There’s no cake!
“You stole my cake!”
His voice suddenly became shrill as he glared angrily at Klein.
Without waiting for Klein to speak, he let out a shout and opened his
mouth, revealing two rows of white teeth.
Following which, he leaped from his mattress while salivating. He closed in
on Klein with one step and extended his hands, attempting to grab onto
Klein’s shoulders. He wanted to drag Klein towards him and bite him.
Despite the sudden attack, Klein reacted quickly despite appearing a little
flustered. He instantly bent his knee and squatted. At the same time, he
tilted his body to the side and raised his left arm.
Oof!
His shoulder slammed into Hood Eugen’s abdomen, causing Hood’s eyes to
turn white and drool to drip from his mouth.
But Hood Eugen didn’t stop moving. He allowed the momentum to carry
him down as he opened his arms in an attempt to pull Klein into a bear hug.
Klein tilted his body to the side and rolled over, his movements were
smooth as though he had practiced them hundreds of times.
He pushed against the ground with his right hand and stood up with a
somersault. He decided to go on the offensive and charged forward to
restrain his opponent.
But at that moment, Hood Eugen only stood there blankly, his eyes losing
focus, becoming vacant and lost.
Klein froze for a moment. He turned his head towards the corner of the
room, only to see Dunn Smith, wearing a black windbreaker and matching
hat, with his hands clasped tightly together and looking down.
The Captain has dragged Hood Eugen into a dream… Upon realizing this,
he stopped his subsequent attack and took the opportunity to take out the
silver ritual dagger that couldn’t harm anyone. He used it to create a wall of
spirituality which sealed the ward.
Klein then took out three candles infused with mint and placed them on the
window in a triangular formation. One candle signified the Evernight
Goddess, another the Mother of the Secrets, and the last represented
himself.
Soon after, he set up a simple altar and used his spirituality to ignite the
candles.
Just as he was about to warn the Captain, Dunn raised his head and smiled.
“Hood Eugen’s dreams are a sea of chaos. There’s no way to guide it.”
Just as he finished his sentence, a luster returned to Hood Eugen’s eyes. It
was no longer vacant.
Then, the insane Psychiatrist moved his waist, letting out a comfortable
yawn.
Klein was momentarily at a loss, so he remained quiet. He picked up a
metal bottle containing the Amantha extract.
He dripped the transparent liquid extracted from the night vanilla, Slumber
flower, and chamomile into the flames of the candle representing himself,
allowing the serene aroma to spread around the room.
Hood Eugen’s nervousness, anger, and relief completely vanished. He
languidly sat down again on the edge of his bed and looked out at the
crimson moon outside the window in a daze. His eyes once again lost their
focus as peace was restored.
Klein also felt the peace that came with the night. He set the Amantha
extract down and sat beside Hood Eugen. He wanted to find something to
break down Hood’s last line of defense.
Only with the removal of the last line of defense could he use the Eye of the
Spirit medication to make Hood Eugen’s soul slip into a turbid state.
After all, I’m not a professional Spirit Medium… He had already thought of
an idea before coming. He fished out a set of tarot cards from his pocket.
This set of cards only had the twenty-two Major Arcana, so it was easy to
carry around. It was a “weapon” that Klein had successfully applied for.
Each of the cards was lined with metal threads made from pure silver, each
of them was able to kill undead beings. Their patterns were complicated and
gorgeous, making Klein feel like they were a collector’s item and not used
against enemies.
Klein cut the deck with one hand and smiled at Hood Eugen.
“Let’s play some card games.”
“Cards?” Hood Eugen retracted his gaze from outside the window as he
repeated the term in a daze.
Klein didn’t answer, placing the deck of tarot cards into Hood’s palm with a
sincerity that could not be rejected.
Hood Eugen mimicked Klein’s actions, trying his hardest to cut the deck
with one hand to some success.
The attention of the mental patient was slowly drawn to the hard yet
flexible, beautifully textured cards in his hand. He flipped over the first
card:
It was the picture of a man in tattered clothes with his hands tied. He was
hanging by his leg with a faint halo at his head.
The Hanged Man… Klein nodded in thought. He took the opportunity to
grab the Eye of the Spirit medicine, dripping the amber liquid onto the
candle flame—still the one representing himself.
An alcoholic fragrance spread forth, inducing an intoxicated feeling to
anyone who took a whiff of it.
Hood Eugen spaced out bit by bit, his vision losing its focus. The deck of
tarot cards in his hand fell onto the bed.
But he remained sitting upright, without slumping over.
Klein used Cogitation to fight back against the medicine’s dreamy effects of
turning light-headed and ethereal. He took out another metal bottle from his
pocket and twisted the cap open before pouring the blue liquid into his
mouth.
Sedative Agent!
The ice-cold liquid flowed through his throat, down his gullet, and into his
stomach. Klein instantly felt unusually awake, without any sense of
drowsiness.
He slowly exhaled, then familiarly took out the other essential oil extracts
and herb powders, dripping them onto the two candles signifying the
Evernight Goddess.
In the faint fog, he took two steps back and solemnly murmured in Hermes,
“I pray for the power of the dark night.
“I pray for the power of the mystery.
“I pray for the Goddess’s loving grace.
“I pray that you would allow me to communicate with the spirituality of the
Beyonder beside me, Hood Eugen.”
…
The incantations reverberated around the room, and Klein saw the flames of
the candle, now dyed black, spread outward.
He didn’t avoid them, nor did he guard against them. He allowed the dark
“night” to envelop him.
In this unusually lucid state, he felt his spirit leave the protection of his
body and enter a space akin to deep space. All around him was boundless,
silent darkness. The sky above him was filled with countless indescribable,
transparent figures. There were also streaks of different colors, lustrous
splendors that harbored infinite knowledge.
The spiritual world… Klein was no longer a stranger to this.
Just as he had this thought, a foggy world appeared before him. It was a
world enveloped by a faint tornado of light.
Klein knew that it represented Hood Eugen’s spirit that represented his
Body of Heart and Mind. Thus, he leaned over, digging into the wall that
was the tornado.
In an instant, he saw countless specks of light pelting him. He heard the
voices of thousands of people discussing something in whispers.
These murmurings were very chaotic and lacked any sense of logic. Some
included praises for the elegance of some lady, then it turned into a
description of the feeling of relief after using the toilet. Some started as a
weep, then turned into frenzied joy…
The insane thoughts latched on and gnawed at Klein’s spirit in a bid to
assimilate him. But Klein maintained his lucidity and rationality, quickly
flying towards Hood Eugen’s spiritual world.
This is like a pleasant concert compared to the horrifying murmurings and
howls I hear when entering the world above the gray fog… Klein smiled
secretly and made his way through the tornado. He saw a groggy,
translucent Hood Eugen.
This Sequence 7 Psychiatrist maintained the same state as he was in the
outside world. He looked over with a dazed expression.
Klein stopped before him and asked softly, “Do you know Lanevus?”
Hood Eugen replied blankly, “Yes.”
The light around them underwent a transformation as if Hood Eugen was
revealing his “spiritual sea.”
Quickly, the intertwining light revealed a bespectacled average-looking man
who wore a sarcastic smile. It was the same Lanevus whom Klein had seen
in the arrest warrants.
Klein nodded in satisfaction and collected himself. He asked a guided
question, “Why did Lanevus look for you?”
“He said…” Hood Eugen’s voice slowly turned soft.
Suddenly, he changed into a more charismatic voice and laughed a little
maniacally.
“Hood Eugen, this is the worst era, but also the best era. As long as you
seize the opportunity, we can become the rulers of this world, we can
become true immortals!
“As long as you’re willing to help, I’ll not only tell you the way to master
your potion and avoid losing control, I’ll also promise that you’ll receive
godhood qualities in the future—immortal godhood qualities!
“You should be able to see the presence behind me. My promise is ‘His’
promise. In some sense, the Psychology Alchemists are connected to ‘Him.’
“Do not doubt. The Psychology Alchemists aren’t strong enough at the
moment. It is unable to provide you with enough help unless you’re willing
to stay at this level for the rest of your life.”
The method to grasp your potion without losing control… Why does this
sound like how I entice others with the “acting method”… Lanevus sure has
lofty ambitions. He’s only a Sequence 8, yet he’s already talking about
manipulating godhood qualities… Just what hidden presence is backing
him… This guy seems to be plotting something, which isn’t solely just to
cheat people out of their money… Or could running scams just be his
hobby? Klein had many thoughts as he listened on. When Hood Eugen
stopped talking, he quickly pressed on, “What kind of assistance did
Lanevus want you to provide?”
Hood Eugen didn’t answer immediately, his spiritual world turned silent.
He then broke out into laughter. He replied erratically, “Help… Help…
Help!
“Hahaha, I provided help! I provided help!
“I made…”
His words came to an abrupt halt as his blurry soul contorted. The light and
darkness of the surroundings which represented the spiritual sea quickly
turned incorporeal, forming a sinister, scary, dark altar.
On top of the altar was a cross. There seemed to be something hanging on
the cross, as well as things that appeared indiscernible piled at the bottom.
The light and darkness alternated, and as the hanging item was about to
become clearer, the entire spiritual world shook, as if it was experiencing a
magnitude ten earthquake.
Holy shit! Klein had a premonition that something dangerous was about to
happen. Without thinking, he turned and flew towards the chaotic tornado
of thoughts in an attempt to escape.