Chapter 335

: Exploring Verdi Street
“Pleasure” was Sequence 6 of the Demoness pathway. Klein had obtained
its complete formula back when he channeled Madam Sharon’s spirit.
Although it was usually difficult to recall the exact details, and he had to
rely on the help of dream divination to recall the memory, just hearing the
main ingredient was enough to give him a sense of familiarity and make
him form connections.
He couldn’t help but glance over at the buyer, confirming that he was male
in terms of skin color, figure, voice, and unmasked facial features.
The Sequence prior to Demoness of Pleasure is Witch. Regardless of their
gender, as long as they pass that, they would all become women. This
person clearly isn’t one… He hasn’t become a Witch yet, so why is he
purchasing the main ingredient of a Demoness of Pleasure? Hmm… Could
he be helping someone buy it? Is he the ally of some Witch or a loyal
subordinate?
However, as a rather ancient secret organization, the Demoness Sect
shouldn’t be lacking in the corresponding ingredients. With their natural
disposition, it would be normal for them to use the Beyonder characteristics
left behind by former members to concoct the potions… Did the Witch
behind the buyer lose her connection with the organization?
With these thoughts, Klein had the impulse to follow him.
However, after careful consideration, he gave up on this idea. Ignoring the
question on how he could bypass the precautionary measures of Eye of
Wisdom and lock onto the other party’s tracks, just the fact that the other
party’s situation was unknown, and with him not having the time to perform
a divination, it was enough for him to choose to follow his heart’s wishes.
What if there isn’t only one Witch, but a Beyonder who’s much stronger?
Moreover, it’s a good thing for Witches to advance to Demoness of
Pleasure. The former would cause calamities and harm many innocent
people, but once they advance to the latter, their goal would be focused on
pleasure. In simple terms, society would be less dangerous… Klein
mumbled.
An adult Black Widow Spider Silk Gland was already considered to be
relatively expensive and a rare Beyonder ingredient. It was just like the
Thousand-faced Hunter’s mutated pituitary gland and the Characteristic of a
Human-skinned Shadow which Klein needed in order to ascend to
Sequence 6. It was almost equivalent to the cost of half a house in the
capital, so the buyer didn’t receive a satisfactory response.
To be precise, no one responded.
The atmosphere of the gathering fell silent until the plump Apothecary
started selling the medicine he brought.
After the previous trials, he received quite a few repeat customers. In less
than three minutes, he had sold all the goods he could sell and collected
more than fifty pounds in cash.
As Eye of Wisdom announced the end of the gathering, each participant left
through different passages in a different order and at different intervals.
Klein was in the middle, and after he reached a secluded street, he took off
his disguise and immediately set off for East Borough, arriving at Black
Palm Street on that cold and foul-smelling night. On the way, he had
purchased an armpit holster. He entering his rented one-bedroom apartment.
Without taking a break, he took out his revolver and opened the metal box
containing the Beyonder bullets. He then took out two purifying bullets,
two demon hunting bullets, and one exorcism bullet. Then, he loaded them
one by one into the chamber.
Taking a pose, he tested the feeling and whether he could fire normally.
Klein inserted the revolver into his armpit and busied himself with other
preparations.
For example, he checked to see if there was anything unusual about the All-
Black Eye in the iron cigarette case. He also placed Azik’s copper whistle in
the metal box containing the bullets, and with the help of Holy Night
Powder, he created a sealed wall of spirituality that stuck to the surface of
the box, completing the shielding of the ancient, delicate copper whistle.
After confirming the shapes and positions of the three charms, Klein headed
above the gray fog for divination. Then, he put on his cap and went out
again.
His target was 32 Verdi Street which was south of the bridge. It was where
the thief had found the Master Key!
There might be clues to the Apprentice formula or clues to related items
there. It was somewhere that Klein had long wanted to explore, but he
suspected that the man who died a tragic death had turned into a wraith-like
creature. He didn’t dare to take action until he bought purifying bullets.
A Magician never performs unprepared!
Before the steam subway—the most economical mode of transport—had
stopped running, Klein arrived south of the bridge before transferring to a
public carriage and arrived near Verdi Street.
It was already late at night, and a chilling drizzle filled Backlund. There
were barely any pedestrians on the street, and the light from the gas lamps
was blurred by the liquid on the glass, making everything seem dreamlike.
Klein circled the area and observed Unit 32’s situation. He walked to its
side, climbed to the second floor, and easily entered the target’s interior
from the balcony door which clearly couldn’t be closed by the thief from
before.
He didn’t bring the Master Key, fearing that the item would cause an
abnormal chain reaction here.
The layout of the house was very normal. A corridor that connected the two
balconies ran through the entire second floor. There were bedrooms, a
bathroom, a solarium, and an activity room lining the sides.
With the help of the crimson moonlight shining in from the balcony, Klein
saw that all the doors had been opened. All kinds of items were thrown on
the ground in disarray.
It should be the result from the thief from before. He couldn’t take away all
the items, so he could only search for the most valuable ones… However,
with the Master Key, there’s no need for him to open doors… Klein went
through the rooms, one by one, looking for things that might be involved
with mysticism.
After an unknown period of time, a black-gloved Klein arrived at the
staircase without any success.
Just as he took two steps forward, a figure suddenly appeared before him!
The figure was pressed against the wall at the corner of the stairs, its back
was facing Klein. Its black hair was so thick that it almost covered its neck.
Klein, who had long activated his Spirit Vision didn’t even have time to
observe, for the figure suddenly moved!
His neck creaked as he turned his head while his back remained facing the
second floor!
Amidst the hazy, weak, and illusory crimson illumination, the figure’s eyes
were bulging out of their sockets, filled with fear.
Thud! Thud!
The two eyeballs hit the ground.
Bang!
The figure’s head fell off its neck and hit the wooden staircase.
He’s long dead; he’s without any spirituality glow… Klein watched and
judged calmly, as though what had just happened was a farce.
He guessed from the details of the man’s old black clothes and the number
of rooms open on the second floor, and he decided that this was another
burglar, one who had visited the house after the previous one.
Unfortunately, he wasn’t that lucky.
Could it be that the Master Key was actually restraining the “danger” here,
and when it was taken away, pandemonium was set loose? Klein drew his
revolver, adjusted the chamber to the firing position, and cocked the
revolver. He walked up the stairs to the corpse.
He squatted down and examined it briefly, but he couldn’t find anything
other than the fact that his neck had been twisted.
After pondering for a few seconds, Klein straightened his body and
carefully went down the stairs. Even though he was standing on a wooden
staircase, he didn’t make any creaking sounds.
One step, two steps, three steps. After walking down the flight of stairs, he
reached the ground.
In front of him was a corridor that connected the two sides. The crimson
moonlight shone in, outlining the outline of the balcony. The doors on both
sides of the corridor were wide open, revealing a messy scene of scattered
items. There was no living room, dining room, or kitchen here.
This is the second floor!
Klein went down from the second floor, only to return to the second floor!
Throughout the entire process, he didn’t discover anything out of the
ordinary!
Klein didn’t panic as he slowly turned around. Behind him, there was a
staircase leading downwards!
That is to say, my special ability can only resist the invasion of my
Beyonder powers through the use of Beyonder powers such as dreams and
spirit channeling, or for me to realize that the environment I’m in does not
belong to the real world… I’ll still be influenced by hallucinations… Klein
took out his matchbox and took out a few matches with his gun-carrying
hand.
He continued down, throwing a match down every few steps.
Once again Klein came to the corner of the stairs and saw the dead body
with its head separated from its body.
At this moment, a cold wind blew across the back of his neck, causing his
hair to stand on end.
Pa!
Klein snapped his fingers, and a red flame soared from behind him, soaring
toward the ceiling.
Those flames seemed to be a monster that was baring its fangs and
brandishing its claws, but the flames didn’t burn anything.
Klein was about to turn around and look with his Spirit Vision when his
body suddenly froze, as if he had fallen into a lake frozen in winter.
He couldn’t help but tremble as his left hand was slowly reaching for his
neck as he forcibly “suppressed” it.
At that moment, Klein sighed softly.
He forced his left hand into his pocket, removed the wall of spirituality, and
opened the metal box containing the bullets.
Next, he held Azik’s copper whistle, took it out, shook it, and threw it into
the air above the stairs!
In almost an instant, he felt the coldness and stiffness in his body disappear.
In his spiritual perception, a sinister and cold mass leaped out like a dog
fetching a ball as it pounced at Azik’s copper whistle!
Klein smiled, raised his right hand, aimed at the copper whistle, and pulled
the trigger. He softly said, “Bye bye.”
Bang!
The pale gold purifying bullet flew out and accurately hit that cold and
indistinct object.
A blood-curdling screech sounded out as the golden flames outlined a
human’s silhouette in midair!
Under the bright and warm light, all the coldness and evilness quickly
disappeared.
Clang!
Azik’s copper whistle landed on the ground, bounced a few times, and
rolled to the living room on the first floor.
When Klein looked around, he saw that things were now significantly
different. For example, the head of the corpse wasn’t separated from its
body. He had strangled himself with his own hands.
Heh, it really is easy when you’re prepared… Klein chuckled and went
down the stairs again. He successfully reached the first floor and picked up
Azik’s copper whistle. He then swung it twice to see if there were any other
wraiths or shadows here.
After confirming that there were no more problems, he decided to head
straight to the basement.
As he walked down the flight of stairs and went through the door, he saw
the picture he had seen in his dream divination. He saw the brown notebook
on the long table.