Chapter 215

: Mrs. Sammer
“Did you see a teenage boy? He’s wearing an old coat!” One of the men
who dashed into the carriage asked the conductor fiercely.
Klein glanced at the man through the corner of his eyes. He was thin and
hardy; his skin a dark shade from prolonged exposure to the sun. His eyes
were much more recessed than the typical Loen Kingdom citizen.
A highlander? Or a mixed blood? He nodded thoughtfully.
In the middle of the Northern Continent, the point where the Hornacis
mountain range began, there was a highland which was extremely hot and
dry. Most of it belonged under the Feynapotter Kingdom, while the area
west belonged to the Intis Republic. The area to the east belonged to the
Loen Kingdom. Its natives were thin and barbarians, but they were brave
and skillful in warfare. A long time ago, they posed as one of the biggest
problems for the three nations. But with the advancement of gunpowder,
and the changes in the way war was carried out, these highlanders
eventually recognized reality and submitted.
A large number of them left the highlands and entered Backlund, Trier,
Feynapotter City, and the various flourishing cities or ports in the Northern
Continent. Some were workers, while others became grunts of the local
triads. They dared to kill and showed no fear of thorny situations.
The conductor was a man in his twenties. He shrank back when he heard
that as he pointed in the direction of the third-class carriage.
“I saw him… He went that way.”
The leader, wearing a black coat and half top hat, nodded indiscernibly. He
led his men and rushed to the third-class carriage and showed no concern
towards the surrounding passengers.
If I were that boy, I would’ve already alighted from the third-class
carriage… As Klein read his newspaper, he began letting his thoughts stray.
About a minute later, the train whistled as the carriage doors closed.
Chug! Chug! The steam metro began speeding up as it cruised along. But at
that moment, Klein suddenly sensed something as he looked up to see the
door leading to the other second-class carriages.
The teenage boy walked slowly into the carriage wearing his old coat and
round top hat while carrying a ragged haversack.
He looked adolescent and had refined facial features. His red eyes were
staid and solemn.
… Impressive. He alighted from the third-class carriage and circled around
to enter from the first-class carriage again? Was he afraid that his pursuers
had partners waiting inside the metro station? Klein was slightly surprised.
He felt that the boy’s handling of the situation was rather mature and
careful. He was much better than most people in their twenties.
He clicked this left molar lightly and secretly activated his Spirit Vision. He
scanned the boy and saw that he was in a state of fatigue. His emotions
were tense and he was dispirited. However, he still maintained a blueness
that represented calm thinking.
Impressive… at his age… Klein mumbled silently as he lowered his head
and continued reading his papers.
The boy didn’t notice that he had been scrutinized by a Beyonder as he
headed for the third-class carriage once again.
The rest of the journey happened stably and calmly. Klein arrived twenty
minutes later at one of the three train stations in Cherwood Borough.
He took a rented carriage for nearly ten minutes before finding Minsk
Street. According to the descriptions in the papers, he came to Unit 17
which was next to Unit 15 and pulled the doorbell.
Cuckoo! Cuckoo!
As sounds reverberated inside the house, a mechanical bird that didn’t look
too fancy popped out from above the door. It was about the size of a palm
and was made up of gears and other parts. It constantly nodded its head and
let out the sound of a cuckoo bird.
Not a bad toy. It’s just not very well-crafted… Klein made an objective
assessment.
Nearly twenty seconds later, the dark door was pulled open. A young
maidservant dressed in white and black looked warily at Klein and asked,
“May I help you?”
Klein smiled and waved his cane which was now wrapped with the
newspapers.
“I’m here to find Mrs. Sammer about renting a house. I’m guessing it hasn’t
been rented out?”
The full name on the newspaper was Stelyn Sammer.
“Not at all. Please wait a moment.” The maidservant bent her back politely.
She rushed inside and reported to her mistress. Moments later, she came out
again and ushered him in. She then helped him place his cane and luggage
in the foyer and hung his coat and hat on a clothes rack in the same place.
A warm blast of air inundated him, dispersing the chill Klein had brought
in. He scanned the area and first saw a uniquely designed fireplace. He saw
pieces of red, smokeless charcoal burning inside.
Sammer’s living room was rather big. It was nearly equivalent to the entire
Moretti’s first floor in area. Certain areas were decorated with carpets or oil
paintings of beautiful sceneries.
The maidservant brought Klein to the sofa and said to her mistress in a pale
yellow dress, “Madam, the guest is here.”
The mistress was in her thirties. She had blonde hair and blue eyes. She
looked rather pretty and had preserved her youthfulness well. She held a
silver-inlaid feathered royal fan in her hand.
As she was at home, and the fireplace made for a warm environment, she
didn’t wear anything around her neck, revealing her white bosom and shiny
long neck.
“Hello there, Mrs. Sammer.” Klein pressed one palm to his chest and
bowed.
Mrs. Sammer smiled in a reserved manner.
“Good evening. Please, have a seat. Do you wish for some coffee or tea?”
Klein sat on the sofa and answered frankly, “Tea, please.”
“Julianne, Marquis Black Tea,” Instructed Mrs. Sammer. She then turned
her eyes to Klein and asked, “How might I address you?”
“Sherlock Moriarty. You can call me Sherlock.” Klein had long thought of a
fake name.
At that moment, he caught a whiff of a fragrance from the kitchen and saw
complicated pipes.
“Heh, heh, those are my husband’s designs. Although his actual job is a
manager at the Coim Company, he’s a machinery enthusiast. He’s also a
member of the Kingdom’s Soot Reduction Association.” Mrs. Sammer
noticed Klein’s gaze and explained with a smile.
Mrs, there’s no need to go into such detail. I’m not here on a blind date with
your husband… Klein lampooned as he said without his smile waning,
“Mrs. Sammer, I wish to rent the Unit 15.”
Mrs. Sammer straightened her back as she sat elegantly. She said with a
smile, “I have to remind you of certain things. Unit 15 doesn’t have such
pipes, reclining chairs, card tables, mahogany kitchen cabinets, fine
porcelain, silver cutlery, gold-plated tea sets, or removable carpets…”
She pointed at the things in her house as she introduced them, one after
another. After she was done, she added,
“It originally belonged to my elder sister and brother-in-law, but due to a
business failure, my brother-in-law had no choice but to move to the
Southern Continent. They have a plantation at Balam. However, I don’t
agree with their choice. This is just too unfair for my niece and nephew.
There are no good grammar schools there; not even a good home tutor.”
Mrs, that’s not something I would like to know… Klein nodded sincerely
and said, “Apart from the weather, there’s no place in the Southern
Continent that can compare with Backlund.”
His agreement satisfied Mrs. Sammer greatly as her eyes darted slightly.
“This house still has a three years lease. I wish for you to pay a year’s rent
at once. 18 soli a week. The use of the furniture will cost 1 soli. I can collect
a deposit of 50 pounds.”
Klein shook his head and smiled.
“Mrs. Sammer, you should be able to tell that I just arrived in Backlund. I
don’t know what will happen to me in time. To pay 50 pounds for a deposit
will lower my ability to resist any risks. My limit is half a year. 25 pounds.”
He still planned on renting another one-bedroom apartment in Backlund’s
East Borough. He would use it to change his clothes, undergo disguises, and
shirk off any tailing. It was necessary for what he planned to do.
Stelyn Stelyn nodded slightly and asked, “Have you studied at grammar
school?”
Klein chuckled and said, “Yes, I later self-studied history.”
“Do you have any identification with you?” asked Stelyn casually.
“I’m sorry. I was in a hurry when I left home and forgot to bring it with me.
Heh, heh, I forgot to introduce myself. I’m from Midseashire.” Klein
deliberately used the accent his classmate, Welch, often used.
When he said “forgot,” it reminded him of Captain Dunn Smith. The smile
on his face turned even more brilliant.
At this moment, the maidservant, Julianne, brought a cup of black tea over.
The cup was porcelain-white with classic flowery patterns. Some areas
were plated in gold.
Klein took a sip and found the fragrance distant. The mix of sourness and
sweetness were perfect, and it was clearly much better than the Sibe black
tea he often drank.
“Very authentic Marquis Black Tea.” He complimented with a description
which couldn’t be faulted.
Mrs. Stelyn Sammer curled her lips and said, “Then, let’s do half a year’s
rent. 25 pounds.”
Klein thanked her and engaged in a few minutes of idle chatter with her
until another maidservant found a service contract from the study.
After both parties signed the contract, Klein counted 25 pounds while
feeling the pinch and pushed it to Mrs. Sammer.
Stelyn counted it silently before smiling.
“Mr. Moriarty, I believe you’ll be finding a job in Backlund?”
“Yes,” Klein answered, feeling a little lost.
The corners of Stelyn’s mouth hooked up.
“I can give you some suggestions. With a weekly salary lower than 3
pounds, it would be difficult for you to live in Cherwood Borough. Your
rent, food expenses, water, gas, and charcoal expenses, transport expenses,
and everything else added up will cost at least 2 pounds 5 soli. Believe me,
this is Backlund. One still has to consider new clothes and good cutlery and
tea sets… A weekly salary of 3 pounds is the bare minimum.
“If your weekly salary reaches 5 pounds, you can hire a maidservant. At 6
pounds, you can consider hiring a chef. At 7 pounds, you can add a male
servant. For 8 pounds, you can hire an additional maidservant…”
Mrs. Sammer, I think you are flaunting your wealth… I once earned more
than 10 pounds a week… Klein maintained his smile as he listened
attentively.
At that moment, the door suddenly opened. A stout man walked in, he was
dressed in a black double-breasted suit and leather gloves of the same color.
Above his lips were two elegant mustaches.
“Luke, this is Mr. Moriarty. He will be our neighbor,” Stelyn Sammer went
forward and introduced him.
Obviously the master of the house, Luke took off his coat and handed it to
the male servant beside him. He smiled politely and said, “Mr. Moriarty,
would you like to join us for dinner?”
This is the manager of some Coim Company, a member of the Loen
Kingdom’s Soot Reduction Association… Klein said with a smile, “I’m very
sorry, Mr. Sammer. I’ve eaten on the steam locomotive; although, that taste
does leave a deep impression on one.”
After exchanging some pleasantries, Klein was led by Julianne out of the
house and into the neighboring Unit 15.
The layout was very similar to the unit next door. The first floor had a huge
living room, a dining room with decent lighting, two guest rooms, a
bathroom, a cellar, a kitchen that extended all the way back. On the second
floor, there were four bedrooms, an activity room, a solarium, a study, two
bedrooms, and a huge balcony.
“Mrs. Sammer wishes to tell you that you can rent out part of it, but not to
workers or make this place too packed or noisy. Oh… I’ll bring you clean
blankets, sheets, and pillow cases in a while.” Julianne returned to the
Sammers after informing Klein.
After doing a round of packing, Klein finally settled into Backlund.
He sat in an empty living room and suddenly felt lonely. Hence, he forced
himself to consider his future plans.
Whether he liked it or not, revenge and advancement couldn’t be done in
the blink of an eye. Therefore, he had to obtain a lucrative job to prevent
himself from facing any financial problems.
However, the job couldn’t restrict him and affect his movements and plans.
In other words, he needed sufficient freedom.
After some deliberation and eliminating unsuitable jobs, Klein was left with
three choices.
He could become an author by becoming a plagiarist. However, his identity
was sensitive, so the more famous he became, the more trouble it meant. All
he could do was give up unwillingly.
The second choice was to be a news reporter. This was considered quite a
decent job in this time and age. However, job applications required his
educational certificates and other documents. Klein was helpless in that
respect.
Finally, he chose the third job.
Private detective!
This was also the reason why he had taken on a fake name.