Chapter 1357

: Meeting
Deep in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, on the peak of a mountain stood a
gigantic cross that bordered the realm of reality and illusion.
There was a blurry figure hanging there. Ancient wooden stakes dyed with
fresh blood that didn’t drip down passed through “His” body, nailing “Him”
to the cross.
At the bottom of the cross was the Angel of Fate Ouroboros, who was
wearing a simple linen robe and had silver hair that reached “His” waist.
“He” sat there cross-legged with a gentle and pious expression as “He”
closed “His” eyes and prayed.
Adam, whose face was half-covered by a pale blond beard, walked over and
stopped in front of the huge cross. “He” raised “His” head and silently
looked at the hanging figure.
“He” held Arrodes in one hand and held the second Blasphemy Slate in the
other. “His” eyes were limpid and his expression was calm.
After an unknown period of time, the image of The Hanged Man on the
huge cross suddenly faded away, connecting to the sky and to the land
below with a shadow curtain. Behind the curtain, there seemed to be a pair
of cold eyes watching over the world.
In the next second, a rift appeared in the shadow curtain. It was dark inside,
faintly reverberating with an illusory tidal wave.
Adam raised “His” left hand and let the ancient and mysterious magic
mirror emit a faint glow.
In the light, a sticky but illusory black liquid surged out. A boundless sea
that seemed to contain all colors appeared. It looked like it was at arm’s
length but couldn’t affect reality.
Following that, Adam placed the second Blasphemy Slate into the illusory
scene.
The illusory sea scene in the distance ebbed gently as it circled the second
Blasphemy Slate, forming a certain connection with it.
The second Blasphemy Slate was a manifestation of the corpse of the
ancient sun god—one which was extremely close to being a Great Old One,
and almost equivalent to the owner of the Chaos Sea.
Upon seeing this scene, Adam’s left hand moved slightly, allowing Arrodes
to fly up and fall towards the Angel of Fate Ouroboros under the huge cross.
The second Blasphemy Slate that “He” held underwent some subtle
changes, and through the rift on the curtain, “He” walked inside.
The shadow curtain closed and quickly faded away, leaving behind a huge
empty cross.
No one said a word throughout the entire process. Everything was carried
out silently. Angel of Fate Ouroboros didn’t even attempt to open “His”
eyes.
At the same time, Amon became a god and used the first Blasphemy Slate
to block the tunnel that the Mother Goddess of Depravity was trying to
enter through. The Lord of Storms finally smote apart the corpse cathedral
that Adam had envisioned out of nothing, and one of Adam’s identities.
After a while, Tail Devourer Ouroboros opened “His” eyes and cast “His”
gaze at Arrodes, which had landed on “His” lap.
On the surface of the mirror, silver words appeared in the swirling illusory
water:
“You should know the feeling of piously believing and following a great
existence, right?”
Ouroboros nodded indifferently.
“So, can you send me back to my Lord?” On the surface of the mirror,
silver words squirmed and formed a new sentence. “Once you answer, you
can ask me two questions.”
Ouroboros silently looked at the ancient mirror in silence for a long time.
Finally, Arrodes couldn’t help but produce a new question:
“Why aren’t you answering?”
Ouroboros looked at “Himself” in the mirror and replied calmly, “I haven’t
thought through it yet.”
“Three questions…” On the surface of the magic mirror, the silver light
slowly outlined two words.
…
In Backlund, on a lawn that belonged to a bungalow.
Will Auceptin, who was already over two years old, was happily chasing a
fat golden cat with glistening fur. Beside “Him” was a nanny and a maid.
Ever since this Snake of Fate was born, Aaron Ceres’s career had improved
by the day. Now, he owned a private hospital that provided medical services
to high society.
As “He” ran, Will Auceptin stepped on a spot that was slippery. With a slip,
“His” body involuntarily leaned back.
“He” took a few steps back and stepped on another rock.
This provided an impetus to stop Will Auceptin’s fall, miraculously
allowing him to maintain “His” balance.
In regards to this encounter, alarms started ringing in this chubby toddler’s
head. This was because with “His” luck, it was impossible for “Him” to
step on a spot that could make people slip.
A familiar figure quickly appeared in “His” eyes.
It was Sherlock Moriarty wearing a half top hat and a black double-breasted
coat.
Will Auceptin turned “His” head abruptly and looked at “His” nanny and
maid. “He” discovered that they hadn’t noticed the appearance of the
stranger on the lawn.
“I have a nagging feeling you would say: ‘Go ahead and scream. No one
will hear you,'” the two-year-old toddler mumbled as he turned around.
Without waiting for Klein’s reply, “He” spread “His” hands and said, “In
short, I must congratulate you on becoming a King of Angels.
“Bullying children doesn’t suit your current status.”
Klein let out a soft chuckle.
“Do you know how to fool fate?”
Will Auceptin raised “His” head and looked warily at Klein.
“Giving me fake ice cream isn’t equivalent to fooling fate.”
With that said, “He” grumbled, “Why don’t you squat down? At my age,
it’ll be bad for my neck’s development if I have to keep raising my head
like this.”
Klein didn’t have the air of a newly advanced King of Angels. He squatted
down with a smile, allowing Will Auceptin to look him straight in the eye.
Will Auceptin held “His” nanny’s hand and said, “Unless I’ve advanced to
Sequence 0 and become a Wheel of Fortune, fooling me in any form
doesn’t count as fooling fate.”
Klein thought and asked, “You haven’t found the opportunity to
accommodate the Die of Probability?”
“No.” Will Auceptin shook “His” head before adding, “I have a premonition
that it’s coming soon.”
Klein carefully looked at the chubby two-year-old toddler for a few seconds
before suddenly smiling.
“If I were to give you and the Die of Probability to Ouroboros, would ‘He’
quickly advance to Sequence 0?”
Will Auceptin glared at Klein and said, “He will also need to wait for an
opportunity to accommodate it. Furthermore, the opportunity to become a
Wheel of Fortune, and the requirement to accommodate the Die of
Probability isn’t the same.”
As “He” spoke, Will Auceptin curled “His” lips.
“If you wish to accommodate The Fool’s Uniqueness, the corresponding
ritual can be simplified. It won’t be that difficult.
“In such a situation, by ingeniously using the abilities of a Trojan Horse of
Destiny and making a sacrifice to a certain degree, there’s a chance of
fooling fate.
“However, when you attempt to advance to Sequence 0, even if you
accommodate the Uniqueness and absorb three Sequence 1 Beyonder
characteristics on separate occasions, you will still have to hold a ritual,
allowing the corresponding items to fuse and undergo a qualitative change.”
Is that so… In other words, choosing to first accommodate the Uniqueness
is just a trick, but in the end, I have to truly fool time, history, or fate…
Klein nodded slightly and said, “I roughly understand.”
He smiled and added, “Enjoy your childhood. I wonder how long it will
last.”
With that said, Klein’s figure turned transparent and vanished from the
lawn.
Will Auceptin’s other empty hand instinctively grabbed forward before
retracting it weakly.
“He left just like that… He’s so rude. He actually didn’t prepare a present
when he visited…” the child couldn’t help but mutter.
…
North Borough in Backlund. Saint Samuel Cathedral.
Klein, who had transformed into Dwayne Dantès, walked into the prayer
hall and found a corner to sit down.
He looked at the Evernight Sacred Emblem on the altar, lowered his head,
clasped his hands, and began to pray.
“The Evernight Goddess who stands higher than the cosmos and more
eternal than eternity. You are also the Mother of Concealment, the Empress
of Misfortune and Horror…”
As he prayed, Klein’s body and mind gradually settled down as though he
had entered a half-awake state.
After an unknown period of time, a boundless darkness appeared in front of
him. Beside his feet was a clump of night vanilla and slumber flowers.
This place was so quiet that even breathing seemed to disturb those in
slumber around him.
Before Klein could survey his surroundings, a figure suddenly descended
from the depths of the darkness.
There was clearly no sky or land here, but the figure seemed to come from
the crimson moon or the stars in the sky.
“She” was wearing a long, layered black dress that didn’t seem complicated
at all. It was adorned with countless resplendent lights, as though the starry
night sky had been draped upon it.
“Her” head was indistinct and difficult to discern. He could only confirm
that it was a female.
“Long time no see,” the figure said gently before Klein spoke.
“Her” voice was like a lullaby.
Klein bowed in a gentlemanly manner and said, “Is this directed at the
former Lord of the Mysteries, or me who was previously hung above
Sefirah Castle?”
Klein was very certain that this was a dream, but a dream didn’t mean that it
was fake.
The Evernight Goddess’s projection said with a smile, “I’m not sure where
you were hanging above that door of light. After I left, I never went back
again.”
Indeed… Klein sighed inwardly. From the details, he confirmed the origins
of the Evernight Goddess Amanises.
“The three cocoons of light that tore open were side by side,” he replied
simply.
The Evernight Goddess’s projection was silently floating in the darkness,
giving off a surreal feeling.
“She” said softly, “The people there were all candidates meant for the Lord
of the Mysteries’s revival, but due to some unknown incident, “He” lost
control of many things.
“If it wasn’t for that, I would’ve died long ago, and lived with the identity
of the Lord of the Mysteries. Then, you and Roselle wouldn’t have had the
chance to return to reality.”
This means that the death of the Celestial Worthy is more thorough. “He”
can only rely on the will left inside the Beyonder characteristic and the
mechanical arrangements of Sefirah Castle to revive? Klein sighed and
smiled.
“I can already hear ‘Him’ whispering into my ears.”