Chapter 812

: Myth from Another Perspective
Upon clearly seeing the picture through Senor’s vision, Klein’s heart raced
so loudly that even he could hear it.
As a Seer who was good at interpreting revelations and symbolism, he felt
his blood gush to his head, leaving his head swelling. It seemed to prevent
him from engaging in thinking deeper into it.
Even so, there was an ethereal voice belonging to him that resounded in his
mind. It was filled with alarm.
Th-that figure that’s dismembered and eaten likely represents the ancient
sun god, the Lord that created everything, the omnipotent and omniscient
God which the City of Silver believes in!
And I-I’ve seen the three evil figures surrounding “Him” before!
In the underground ruin in Backlund, the place that sealed that terrifying
evil spirit!
They existed in the form of a statue but didn’t look as evil as the picture
depicts them to be. Th-they each respectively represent:
The Eternal Blazing Sun, the Lord of Storms, and the God of Knowledge
and Wisdom!
Suddenly, Klein recalled the name he had once received, one that he had
directly received when looking straight at the Eternal Blazing Sun:
White Angel!
No… no way… Could it be that the Eternal Blazing Sun was once an Angel
by the ancient sun god’s side? Little Sun once mentioned that they heard an
ecclesiastic’s penitence and prophesy of a matter in Afternoon Town. One
of the sentences was “The Kings often came to the palace belonging to the
dusk to conspire…” the Eternal Blazing Sun was originally named White
Angel, which is also a King of Angels, one that betrayed that Creator?
And “He” and the Lord of Storms, the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, and
the dark infant who I have no idea what it represents had benefited the most
out of consuming the City of Silver’s Creator… The bibles of the various
Churches mention that the three most ancient deities were born from the
Original Creator’s spirit… In a sense, it’s actually hinting at this dark
history?
If my theories are correct, then the Lord of Storms and the God of
Knowledge and Wisdom are likely the Kings of Angels that served the
Creator, the ancient sun god, who the City of Silver worships. Perhaps,
“They” should be addressed as Wind Angel and Wisdom Angel…
This way, all eight Kings of Angels are accounted for—Dark Angel, White
Angel, Wind Angel, Wisdom Angel, Angel of Imagination, Angel of Time,
Angel of Fate, and Red Angel… From what Little Sun heard, and from the
subsequent developments of these Kings of Angels, it seems that apart from
the two sons of god, Amon and Adam, the other Kings of Angels had
betrayed the Creator… No way, this ancient sun god ended way too tragi…
However, this picture might not be real. It might be sacrilege. It’s still
suspect…
I wonder who the dark infant sitting in the ancient sun god’s abdomen
represents… It feels like the True Creator is the greatest suspect… Klein
instantly thought of many matters as he felt the urge to leave and pretend
that he hadn’t seen the picture the deeper he pondered over the matter.
At that instant, he felt an irrepressible sense of fear, to the point of feeling
that the Eternal Blazing Sun, the Lord of Storms, and the God of
Knowledge and Wisdom were casting their gaze down from the astral world
in his imagination.
Who left this picture behind? Who could’ve known so many secrets and
clearly be on the ancient sun god’s side? One of the other Angels or Saints
that have been constantly following the City of Silver Creator with enduring
faith? Klein’s back oozed with sweat as his body trembled slightly.
Although Alger’s observational abilities were inferior to Miss Justice, he
was an experienced Beyonder. In this environment that needed a high sense
of vigilance and awareness, it wasn’t difficult for him to notice that
something odd had happened to Gehrman Sparrow.
“What happened?” he asked with a suppressed tone.
Klein suddenly snapped to his senses as he made Senor move his gaze away
as he pointed at the circular region in the middle.
“You’ll know just by looking at it.”
A picture that can make Gehrman tremble? Will it make me lose control
immediately? It’s probably not a problem since he’s not stopping me but
suggesting that I take a look. However, I cannot eliminate the possibility
that he has already lost his reasoning and is just acting normal… Many
thoughts flashed through Alger’s mind, but ultimately, he steadily walked
towards the central region with his lantern in hand.
After about eight steps, he saw the gloomy picture.
In just three seconds, Alger’s hands trembled with the dagger and lantern in
his grip. It was as though he was suffering from some kind of mental
illness.
Thanks to The World Gehrman, he had once seen the six orthodox deities’
anthropomorphic statues in the Tarot Club. He naturally recognized that the
arm-eating, heart-ripping, and brain-guzzling figures were respectively the
Lord of Storms, the Eternal Blazing Sun, and the God of Knowledge and
Wisdom!
In the past, he had committed a disloyal act to the Church whilst under
Qilangos’s coercion, he joined the Tarot Club and distanced himself from
the Chasm of Storm, believed in Mr. Fool and wished to gain more strength
and power, and he leaked the Church’s intel and was unmotivated in certain
matters. Even so, he ultimately believed himself to be a believer of the Lord
of Storms, albeit someone who wasn’t devout and passionate enough. But at
that moment, he felt deep down in his heart that he had committed a grave
sin of sacrilege. He nearly dug out his eyes in horror.
To not kill myself directly, it means that I really have become a false
believer… Alger didn’t dare take another look as he turned around and
looked at Gehrman Sparrow. With a trembling voice, he asked, “Those three
are Kings of Angels?”
“I can’t give you confirmation. All I can say is that the Eternal Blazing Sun
is intimately connected to the White Angel,” Klein vaguely answered.
As expected… Alger immediately felt that the possibility that the Lord of
Storms, the Eternal Blazing Sun, and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom
were once Kings of Angels.
As for Gehrman Sparrow not being able to confirm the situation, he wasn’t
too surprised. It wasn’t odd since he was only a Blessed and not Mr. Fool.
Alger was just about to say something when he heard a sharp screech.
It was as though someone was using their fingernails to scratch the lid of a
stone coffin!
No, it wasn’t an analogy, and it was exactly what was happening!
Schwing! Rip! Sizzle!
Sharp, jarring sounds of scratching sounded from three stone coffins on
both sides. Then, the heavy lids were either flung open or blasted open as
three warped figures stood up.
One of them wore an ancient white robe that had nearly turned gray. Its face
was riddled with pockmarks, and across its neck, forehead, and the back of
its hands were deep eyes. Beside it was a figure with huge palms and thick
fingers that looked as though they were made of wood. Slathered around its
body was a layer of yellow-green pus as a mist of the same color emanated
out of it, seemingly capable of eroding away the stone coffin.
Opposite the two was a figure in a tattered brown jacket with a triangular
hat with a skull on it. Many parts of its skin had rotted away, revealing the
bone beneath.
Under its clothes and pants, thick and slimy tentacles that had fish scales
embedded inside had burrowed out as it released a domineering, savage,
tyrannous, and terrifying aura. This even made Klein feel as though he was
facing a High-Sequence Beyonder from the Storm pathway. However, its
body didn’t appear to reach that level.
The three deceased bodies that crawled out of the coffin cast their eyes in
the direction of Gehrman Sparrow and Alger. One produced silver bolts of
lightning that crackled. Another reflected the duo’s figures in the countless
eyes it had. The last one spread its yellow-green mist and created brown
vines.
At the same time, they stormed over with loud and hurried footsteps as a
six-winged gargoyle was rushing over.
Upon seeing this, Klein didn’t panic. His Leymano’s Travels-wielding left
hand reached into his pocket, tore open the wall of spirituality, and used two
fingers to pick out Azik’s copper whistle.
Right on the heels of that, he flicked his wrist and threw the copper whistle
to the other side of the room. Without any surprises, he saw the three
deceased bodies with terrifying auras turn around and rush towards it like
trained hounds.
Upon seeing this scene, Alger’s gaze froze before he made a decision. He
threw his lantern and rushed for the door.
His experience told him that while Gehrman Sparrow could deal with the
three terrifying deceased, he needed to hold back the six-winged gargoyle to
prevent it from interfering with the crazy adventurer’s battle.
Bang!
Just as Alger arrived at the door, he saw the double door crack. A six-
winged gargoyle was charging in with an eight-meter-long trident.
He immediately drew a gasp as his eyes burned with rage. His muscles
swelled, and under the aid of the wind, he charged forward and brandished
the dagger that swirled with silver lightning.
Bang!
He dodged the stone trident that smashed downwards, and he cleaved at the
gargoyle’s abdomen with a dagger.
Instantly, sparks flew as rubble sprayed everywhere. Alger flew backwards
as the gargoyle’s charge was disrupted.
Bang! Alger heavily slammed into the ground. As he had created an air
cushion in time, he didn’t suffer any serious injuries.
And at this moment, the three deceased bodies had gathered together to vie
for Azik’s copper whistle.
Klein looked at them and calmly flipped Leymano’s Travels to a charred-
yellow page with complicated patterns and symbols.
This was a demigod-level power that he recently recorded—Lightning
Storm!
Then, Klein slid one finger across the notebook page with his Death Knell-
wielding hand.
At the same time, he looked at the three mutated deceased bodies who were
vying for Azik’s copper whistle. With a deep voice, he greeted them:
“Bye bye.”
Amidst sizzling sounds, bolts of lightning burst forth, meshing together to
form a hurricane, enveloping the region where Azik’s copper whistle was,
as well as the three deceased bodies.
The entire tomb was instantly lit up like it was daytime. Even Alger nearly
failed to open his eyes. His body instinctively trembled as a result of the
terrifying aura.
With the aid of the wind, he leaped up with the hurricane taking form in his
eyes. He once again charged at the six-winged gargoyle that attempted to
attack Gehrman Sparrow.