Chapter 859

: New Mushrooms
In the bottom cabin of the Future where it was pitch-black.
Frank Lee lit a candle which illuminated a table covered with flesh,
mushrooms, wheat, and fish.
He casually pushed the items away and cleared out a space that was just
enough to accommodate a piece of paper.
Right on the heels of that, he spread out a piece of paper, picked up a
fountain pen, and wrote with an excited expression:
“My dear friend, Gehrman Sparrow, I’m delighted to know that you found
the dry mushrooms to be pretty good. Perhaps it’s more useful than I
imagined it to be. When I’m free, I’ll take another look at them.
“As I’ve been fully focused, in both body and mind, in the experiment you
mentioned, I’ve already stopped all other creations. Most of the mushrooms
have been burned away by Nina, leaving me with the last three. I hope it
will be of help to you.
“Placed together with them are my latest products. One of them is a type of
mushroom that grows by feeding on flesh and blood. They have three
breeds. The first is crossbred with wheat and can be ground into a
mushroom powder that can be used to make bread. Another has the
characteristic of being mixed with milk, allowing milk to be drawn from
them. The last has been crossbred with fish. They come with a refreshing
taste and it has a thick meaty texture.
“The things to take note of is that they are absolutely not to be eaten raw.
They need to be cooked in 90°C hot water for at least five minutes so as to
kill any living characteristics; otherwise, regardless of what it turns into, it
will absorb the flesh and blood around it, including human organs.
“Another point. It’s unable to distinguish between normal flesh and monster
flesh, nor can they deal with the latter properly. They will accumulate with
the corresponding toxicity and madness.
“I think they will experience different mutations because of the different
types of monster flesh, producing different kinds of danger. However, I
wasn’t able to verify that, because I lack a sufficient number of monster
corpses. If you were to obtain one while adventuring, please mail me one. I
only need a tiny amount.
“As for any other problems that might exist, I’m not sure either. It’s still a
prototype, preventing further attempts and observation…
“I wish you all the best and to have a bountiful time adventuring. Sincerely,
your friend, Frank Lee.”
After putting down the fountain pen, Frank read his reply in its entirety
before folding in satisfaction. He found a gold coin and placed it over the
letter.
He quickly set up the messenger summoning ritual in preparation to chant
the incantation.
At this moment, he subconsciously surveyed his surroundings and was
stunned.
Then, Frank moved the nearby pile of soil out the door.
…
In Empress Borough, the opulent villa of Earl Hall.
Audrey was hiding in her room, observing the glass bottle in her hand.
In the bottle was a translucent, colorless, sticky liquid. It was like a mirror
when still, completely reflecting everything within its vicinity. When
undulations happened, a very tiny whirlpool would silently spin beneath the
surface.
This was none other than the Hypnotist potion which she had just
successfully concocted!
Audrey had already digested her Psychiatrist potion and planned on
advancing to Sequence 6 before Backlund’s Psychology Alchemists
contacted her.
After using Placate to quell her mental state, Audrey gently bit down on her
lip, raised the glass bottle, and downed the potion.
After a brief chill, she suddenly felt her mind seem to explode. Her body
also seemed to be contaminated as it turned somewhat incorporeal.
At that moment, her Soul Body, Astral Projection, and Ether Body were
being absorbed and assimilated by her Body of Heart and Mind. Her entire
person was like an amalgamation of pure thoughts that began churning. She
felt the boundless sea of collective subconscious which connected all living
creatures, and she sensed the spirituality sky that stood in contrast.
Having experienced the sense of alarm she received during her Psychiatrist
advancement, Audrey didn’t panic. She ultimately maintained a sliver of
lucidity and curbed her instinctive urge to fuse into the “sea.” She allowed
her consciousness to spread out in all directions before contracting like a
rubber band.
After an unknown period of time, she finally found her inner self. She saw
the back of her hand covered in dense, firm golden scales and saw that the
hair on her shoulders turned luxuriant and heavy, as though they were really
made of gold.
After these anomalies receded, Audrey quickly recovered. However, when
she looked into the mirror, she found her green eyes appear clear, but deep
down was a strange bottomless whirlpool. It made it difficult for others to
shift their gaze away from them, easily drowning within them.
This is a sign of the dispersing spirituality that has yet to have been fully
converged… Audrey slowly eased her brows as her smile turned bright.
She looked at herself in the mirror and nodded gently, finding it hard to hide
her smile.
“Audrey, you are already a Sequence 6!”
After she calmed her emotions, she seriously introspected herself to
determine her new Beyonder powers and the qualitative changes.
After some work, Audrey came to a rough understanding of the situation.
First, her constitution had received a significant enhancement. Be it her
strength or agility, it had exceeded an ordinary person’s. She could also
form a layer of “Scales” over her skin, largely resisting and reducing any
damage. Second was a qualitative change in Psychological Cue. It became a
form of hypnosis within the non-combat domain. As long as she made the
target focus on something, Audrey could open the door to their Body of
Heart and Mind and directly alter their conscious and affect their
subconscious.
This way, the target wouldn’t notice that they were abiding by her
arrangements, taking actions that didn’t match their true intentions.
Of course, if Audrey’s “arrangement” directly harmed the target’s life or
something he subconsciously placed great importance to, then the target
would produce an intense resistance, causing the hypnosis to fail. In
addition, if the target had a strong soul and firm body and mind, they would
be able to resist the hypnosis to a certain extent.
Third, Battle Hypnotism. Audrey could forcefully hypnotize an enemy,
making them do something abnormal, such as attacking their companions or
avoid her, the Hypnotist. However, such hypnosis only lasted for short
periods of time. The target would quickly snap awake and sense the
problem. Similarly, it was unable to harm the target’s life and make the
enemy commit suicide.
Fourth was Psychological Invisibility. With one’s control of the target’s
Body of Heart and Mind, allowing oneself to remain in the blind spot of
one’s consciousness, she could achieve the effect of invisibility despite
someone standing in front of her without being able to sense her.
“Very impressive… My only regret is that I still lack Beyonder powers that
can launch direct attacks…” Audrey puffed her cheeks in an indiscernible
manner as she tried hard to converge her spirituality and make her eyes less
intoxicating.
After mostly eliminating her abnormalities, she opened the door and let
Susie in. With the help of her golden retriever, she began familiarizing
herself with her new Beyonder powers.
Before long, her lady’s maid, Annie, knocked on the door and entered with
an invitation letter in hand.
“My Lady, the Church will be organizing a charity party on Saturday night
for a newly established bursary foundation that’s targeted at the poor. They
have invited you.”
Audrey didn’t directly agree as she asked, “Did they invite my parents?”
“Yes, they were also invited, as well as Lord Hibbert,” Annie replied
honestly.
Audrey nodded and said with a smile, “Tell the Church that I’ll be
participating.
“Also, figure out the exact situation with the charity foundation so that I can
better decide on the amount to donate.”
…
In the evening at the Intis Srenzo Restaurant.
“This place is truly dazzling. It’s much prettier than the living rooms and
activity rooms of many nobles.” Fors looked around as though she was here
to gather material.
Although she had participated in many noble-organized literature saloons,
she had always visited them at their residences and not at such top-end
restaurants.
Xio grabbed at her coarse blonde hair.
“This is the style of Intis. It’s different from us. It might look pretty, but it
lacks substance.”
“How does it lack substance? Look, those are all famous oil paintings and
sculptures…” Fors deliberately retorted.
During this process, she suppressed her voice, as they hadn’t entered by the
main door.
As she spoke, she found the private room mentioned by Walter. Fors
directly used Door Opening and pulled Xio in. They hid inside a pantry
cupboard and waited for their target of protection, Dwayne Dantès, and his
guests to arrive.
“How much do you think the 3% shares of Coim Company is worth?”
Bored, Fors casually asked.
In the morning, she had entered Saint Samuel Cathedral with Xio to provide
protection while feigning prayer.
Xio hesitated and said, “At least several thousand pounds. The bishop
seemed to place a great deal of importance on the matter.”
“How rich. Donating thousands of pounds just like that. Why doesn’t he
save poor people like us?” Fors said poignantly in a joking manner.
At this moment, the door to the room opened. Dwayne Dantès and Macht’s
family walked in and took their seats. The waiters also started rushing
around.
Xio and Fors didn’t speak further as they eavesdropped on the chit chat
outside as they observed the surrounding situation. From time to time, their
noses would twitch because of the food’s fragrance.
Suddenly, Xio frowned as though she had sensed something before quickly
easing her brows as though nothing had happened.
“What’s wrong?” Fors leaned in towards her friend’s ear and whispered.
Xio shook her head.
“Nothing. I was uptight, causing me to overreact.”
At that moment, Klein put down his fork and knife, glancing to the side
with a normal expression.
In his eyes which had his Spirit Vision activated, a blonde, red-eyed head
had appeared out of the void. In its mouth was a thick letter.
Klein faintly caught the scent of milk, wheat, and fish.
The corners of his mouth twitched as he secretly reached out his left hand to
grab the letter. And sitting in the other three seats, Macht, Riana, and Hazel
didn’t notice anything.
Klein stuffed the letter into his pocket without anyone noticing as a waiter
walked out of the pantry, serving a new dish to the four customers. Among
the dishes, two of them were butter-fried mushrooms.
Upon seeing this scene, Klein suddenly felt disgusted. His expression
turned odd as his left palm that remained in his pocket trembled.