Chapter 1037

: Gehrman’s Problem
After hearing Miss Justice, Derrick very enthusiastically replied, “Our City
of Silver’s warehouse likely has the complete brain of an adult mind
dragon. I’ll inform you after confirming it when I return.”
He originally wanted to say that even if there was the complete brain of an
adult mind dragon, it was most likely filled with madness and distorted
mental corruption, but after seeing the bronze cross, he felt that it wasn’t a
problem.
That simple? Audrey’s eyes lit up when she heard that. Her depressed mood
from last night had brightened up significantly.
Indeed, compared to the outside world where dragons are decreasing in
number, the City of Silver, which has a history dating back to the Second
Epoch, will likely possess such ingredients. Hmm, it’s mainly because they
do not have the higher Sequences’ formula for the Spectator pathway, so
even with the ingredients, they are of little use. Furthermore, they lack an
Artisan and are unable to turn Beyonder ingredients into mystical items. At
times, they’d rather just store them… Many thoughts ran through Audrey’s
mind as she asked with a faint smile, “If you do have it, what would you
exchange it for?”
“I haven’t thought of it…” Derrick felt a little embarrassed as he raised his
hand and scratched the back of his head.
His main goal now was to obtain the Creator’s relic from Mr. Fool, but he
didn’t have anything of equal value.
In the past, he would definitely be worried, but now, he quickly came up
with an idea despite his worries.
He decided to ask the Chief because he was certain that the Chief was
interested in the Creator’s relic.
Due to having such thoughts, he really didn’t know what payment he
needed from Miss Justice. He planned on figuring out the other matter
before telling her.
“Alright, confirm it first. It’s best if you can check if there’s any blood of an
adult mind dragon.” Audrey didn’t press as she nodded gently.
It was the hardest supplementary ingredient she needed in the Dreamwalker
potion formula.
Audrey immediately looked around, indicating that she was done.
You don’t have to look at me. Although I do have some savings, there’s
nothing I wish to buy. It mainly has to do with Teacher not having given me
the Traveler’s potion formula… Among the first five Sequences of
Apprentice, I like Traveler the most. I’ve always been looking forward to
heading to different places to take in their vistas and delicacies. But
thinking of the long journey, the crowdedness or crude transportation tools,
and the inns whose level of hygiene is questionable, I’ll definitely be
obstructed by all the bulky baggage… After I become a Traveler, these
won’t be a problem… Fors’s thoughts gradually wandered as she fantasized
about her future life.
Xio pondered for a moment and said, “Everyone, please look out for the
potion formula for the Arbiter pathway’s Sequence 6 Judge and Sequence 5
Disciplinary Paladin.”
She had a chance of obtaining the Judge formula from her MI9 contact, but
she believed that Viscount Stratford’s death would definitely cause a storm
in Backlund, and when that happened, many things might change.
Therefore, she planned on getting the Tarot Club to make additional
preparations. After all, it was only for them to be on the lookout and not to
search for them.
Besides, at Sequence 6 and 5, that would make her a quasi-high-ranking
member of MI9. For informants in the peripheral to apply for the potion
formula, there was a high probability that she needed to undergo a new
round of investigations. This wasn’t something she could skip because of
the contact who had been very friendly to her.
To Xio, who was anxious to advance to a High-Sequence Beyonder and
figure out the secret of the king, she undoubtedly couldn’t place her hopes
in the military.
“Alright.” Alger was the first to reply.
Due to the influence from the royal family and the military, the Church of
Storms likely had some of the potion formulas of the Arbiter pathway. Of
course, this wasn’t something a “Sequence 6” captain responsible for acting
as a pirate would know. He only had a chance of knowing them after he
officially became a Sequence 5 and was summoned back to the Church or
was assigned to deal with more important missions.
Following that, Cattleya said, “The potion formula of the Arbiter pathway is
strictly controlled by the Loen and Feynapotter royal families and military.
They seldom appear in the wild. However, I can try to help you obtain it,
but not able to guarantee you success. Also, if you need it, I can provide
you with a Judge pathway’s mystical item. After its shattering and
reformation, it will become the corresponding main ingredient.”
When she mentioned the words “shattering” and “reformation,” Cattleya
subconsciously thought of turning her body sideways as a hint to Miss
Judgment that she could seek Mr. Fool’s help, but ultimately she held back.
As for the method to obtaining the potion formula, it was actually very
simple. It was to take the initiative to listen to the ravings of the Hidden
Sage and accept the knowledge “He” imbued. At Sequence 4, her level of
tolerance as a demigod had undergone a qualitative change.
However, the Hidden Sage was definitely not an existence that lacked
intelligence. “He” could attach negative influences in the knowledge in
“His” ravings, and even send “His” powers down from above, corrupting
the listener. Therefore, such actions were still dangerous. Cattleya had the
courage to attempt it, not because she was rash and overly confident, but
because she was a member of the Moses Ascetic Order.
As an ancient organization that believed in the Hidden Sage, the Moses
Ascetic Order’s upper echelons had gradually found a relatively safe
method to “listen” while under this existence’s influence. Likewise, the
Hidden Sage didn’t have a ridiculous level of malicious intent towards
members of the Moses Ascetic Order. “He” seldom brought harm, and most
of the time, “He” was simply imbuing knowledge and letting them pursue
“His” believers.
To her, as long as she controlled the frequency and quantity, she could
obtain knowledge from the Hidden Sage in a rather safe manner. As for the
tiny influence and corruption that came with it, she suspected that the
process of entering the area above the gray fog every time she participated
in the Tarot Gathering allowed them to be eliminated in a natural and
simple manner.
The only problem was that the knowledge she received each time wasn’t
something under her control. It depended on the Hidden Sage’s mood and
thoughts at that particular point in time.
In a sense, this was a passive and irresistible secret deed ritual.
As for the Judge pathway mystical item that she was willing to provide, it
came from the Fog Sea’s Strongest Hunter Anderson—a button. After she
became a demigod, some of the items she held had little use. One of them
was the button.
After hearing that, Xio didn’t hesitate to agree.
“Alright, I’ll consider purchasing it after obtaining the Judge potion
formula.”
I hope I can raise my Sequence again by then, allowing me to use the gray
fog’s powers that isn’t just close to the level of an angel, but that of an
angel. Only then can I shatter items and let the characteristic reform.
Otherwise, I’ll still have to bother Ma’am Arianna or Will Auceptin. Yes, if
Mr. Azik were to awaken, things would be a lot simpler…
I wonder if the Unshadowed Crucifix can purge an item’s Beyonder
characteristic out. I don’t think it will work. It can’t coexist with those
items, preventing them from even coming close… Other than this
restriction, it should be possible in theory. I’ll later try to use the gray fog’s
powers to force the Unshadowed Crucifix to be bound to other mystical
items… Klein, who was listening by the sidelines, thought.
After discussing Miss Judgment’s matter, the other members didn’t seem to
have any needs to make a transaction. Leonard had already covered up the
weaknesses of his mystical item. Alger was working hard to become
“legal.”
Derrick was only thinking of the Creator’s relic. Emlyn and Cattleya had
just advanced recently, so they had nothing they needed for now.
Amongst them, Cattleya had the intention of renting the cross to see if she
could cleanse the remnant corruption in Artisan Cielf. However, the Roselle
diaries she gathered came from Queen Mystic and were used for obtaining
answers. She believed she was temporarily unable to produce anything that
would gamer Mr. Fool’s interest.
I’ll try to gather the emperor’s diary out at sea… Cattleya secretly made the
decision. After some thought, Emlyn said to The Magician, “Ma’am, in the
next two weeks, I might need to rent that notebook.”
“No problem.” Fors was originally thinking of spending money to get Mr.
Moon to add Abyss Shackles and other Beyonder powers to the spellbook,
so she was very happy to permit his request. This meant, not only would she
not be spending money, but she would even earn some money.
At this thought, she couldn’t help but add, “Try not to record ‘Full Moon.’”
She would be very troubled if Leymano’s Travels’s powers were mainly
filled with “Full Moon.”
While Emlyn nodded in agreement, Alger interrupted as though in thought,
“Is the Sanguine’s hunting of the key members of the Rose School of
Thought about to begin?”
“Yes.” Emlyn didn’t hide the truth at all. “Once the plan is finalized, I’ll get
everyone to provide me with suggestions.”
“No problem.” The first to answer wasn’t The Hanged Man, but The World
Gehrman Sparrow who had been sitting silently at the bottom end of the
long bronze table.
He’s interested in this? Not only did Emlyn think this, but the other
members also had the same idea no matter how slow they were.
With The Hanged Man, The Hermit, and Justice agreeing to help Mr. Moon
in plotting the Sanguine operation, the Tarot Club’s transaction segment
came to an end, ushering in the free communication segment.
The World Gehrman Sparrow sat up slightly and looked at The Star
Leonard.
“Help me ask if that person has seen the second Blasphemy Slate.”
“Blasphemy Slate?” Audrey and the other members immediately grasped
the peculiar term.
They immediately had astonished thoughts:
The second Blasphemy Slate?
Mr. Star isn’t as simple as he appears! He knows someone that has seen one
of the most important items in mythical legend!
Other than his identity as a member of the Church and official Beyonder, he
had other secrets!
No wonder he has joined the Tarot Club…
Leonard jumped in fright as well, never expecting Klein to raise such a
request.
After a few seconds of silence, he exhaled and said, “Okay.”