Chapter 585

: Buying Medicine
The Church of Storms has finally taken action on Bansy Harbor? Klein
clenched his fist and placed it to his mouth before coughing. He asked
calmly without any qualms, “What happened?”
Elland didn’t notice any abnormal reaction from Gehrman Sparrow. He
retracted his gaze and surveyed the area.
“I don’t know what exactly happened. I only know that it might’ve involved
the upper echelons of the Church of Storms.
“And for a period of time before that, all routes that lead to Bansy Harbor
were canceled. This might’ve been a so-called omen.”
Involved the upper echelons of the Church of Storms? No, it should be the
most elite forces. I suspect that the pontiff of the Church of Storms, that
Grounded Angel, had personally taken action. He might’ve even used a
Grade 0 Sealed Artifact. After all, he might be facing a King of Angels, one
that’s even older than the Fourth Epoch, as well as “His” descendants…
Klein nodded and calmly asked, “What’s the outcome?”
He wasn’t the least bit surprised that the Church of Storms had only taken
action on Bansy Harbor in the past few days. Even though the Mandated
Punishers were known for being rash and irascible, there was still a protocol
that needed to be followed for serious matters like this. For example, they
needed to make a confirmation, evacuate a portion of innocent residents, or
seal off the surrounding sea. All of this needed time.
Elland was unable to read Gehrman Sparrow’s true emotions as he sighed
with a smile.
“There won’t be a Bansy Harbor for a very long period of time.”
… As expected of the Church of Storms… Klein secretly clicked his
tongue, feeling even more curious about the detailed process.
He wanted to know whether Red Angel Medici had appeared, and if “He”
really was sleeping near Bansy Harbor. He wanted to know if “He” had
been wiped out by the Church of Storms and wished to know what
happened to the natives in Bansy Harbor. He wanted to know what it meant
for them to speak in such a staccato manner, and he wished to know what
secrets were hidden in the Green Lemon Restaurant and the telegraph
office.
Unfortunately, with Bansy Harbor’s destruction, it was difficult for him to
obtain any actual answers.
Perhaps the internal record of the Church of Storms would mention them,
but Klein had no way of getting them. With The Hanged Man’s rank, there
was no way he could gain access to such confidential information.
I’ll have to nurture Mr. Hanged Man into a High-Sequence demigod before
I can know the answers to my questions… Klein sighed silently and said
without a change in expression, “That place is indeed very dangerous…”
Before he finished his sentence, his throat itched as he coughed violently.
“You fell ill?” Elland asked, puzzled.
He originally imagined that Gehrman Sparrow was like him, a Beyonder
whose physique had been considerably enhanced. It was unlikely for
Beyonders like them to fall ill before they grew weak from age. But from
the looks of it, his previous guess might’ve been wrong.
Klein answered tersely without giving an explanation.
A question of no value or meaning… It would be odd if he isn’t ill after an
intense battle with Ailment Maiden… Danitz grumbled in contempt from
the side.
Elland chuckled and said, “I can recommend you an Apothecary that’s
better than a hospital or clinic.
“That’s his Beyonder job. He has a tiny herb store in the alley diagonally
across Red Theater. Heh, he’s known for selling male enhancements, but
that’s not what he’s best at.”
Does every Apothecary develop such medicine? That’s right. It’s absolutely
one of the most profitable medicine based businesses. It’s only odd not to
do it if they’re capable of doing it… Klein nodded slightly in response.
“Why haven’t I heard of him?” Danitz asked, surprised.
“He only came to Bayam in the past few months. When was your last visit
here in the City of Generosity?” Elland asked with a chuckle.
When I took your crappy boat… Danitz answered silently in his mind.
He carefully recalled and discovered that in the past few months, apart from
this period of time, he had passed by Bayam once during the early days of
his vacation. At other times, he was drifting out at sea in search of treasure.
Otherwise, he was at other places or harbors enjoying himself, so it was true
that he wasn’t aware of any minor changes in the City of Generosity.
“I’ve already spent quite a few days in Bayam. I’ve been to the Red Theater
several times, but I’ve not heard anything about this Apothecary! This can
only serve to imply that his male enhancement medicines are limited in
effect!” Danitz bragged as he said stubbornly.
Elland smiled and didn’t debate with the great pirate. Instead, he said to
Gehrman Sparrow, “If it’s only an ordinary ailment, the Apothecary will
only charge a slight premium.
“And for you, it doesn’t matter if it’s expensive. What’s most important is
to recover your health as quickly as possible. No adventurer wishes to stay
in a sick state. This implies danger and that you might become the target of
someone else. It implies the increased risk of losing control.”
Indeed, maintaining a good state is a rather important matter for Beyonders.
However, the price is still very important, alright? If that Apothecary were
to charge 1,000 pounds, then I might as well buy medicine from the
hospital. Or I can describe the situation of my illness and get that vampire,
Emlyn White, to make me some medicine! Although I already have 6,000
pounds in savings and have several Beyonder characteristics, I still need to
consider it. I still want to add a mystical item with lethal offensive power
and seek out clues to the High-Sequence potion formula… Klein mumbled
inwardly.
High-Sequence potion formulas were impossible to put a price on in this
mysterious world. Therefore, Klein only thought of buying the relevant
clues.
After Elland left, Klein took the 700 pounds and gave Danitz 200 pounds.
Wearing his hat and holding his cane, he coughed and wiped his snot before
stepping out the door in preparation to take a carriage to the vicinity of the
Red Theater.
Danitz was very curious about the Apothecary’s medicine. He pasted two
mustaches on his face, wore a cap, and followed. With Klein’s guidance, he
already knew that using a scarf to hide his face was an act that strongly
attracted attention in Bayam. He took his advice to buy some fake
mustaches.
…
In the alley diagonally across the Red Theater, the moment Klein entered,
he saw a man furtively come out of a nameless herb store. The moment the
man saw someone, he hurriedly lowered his head and rushed off.
Don’t worry. We won’t be guessing what medicine you’re buying… Klein
coughed twice again, increased his pace, and walked into the dark herb
store.
He scanned the area and was surprised because the boss was someone he
knew.
The boss was wearing a black robe that resembled a village witch doctor.
He was in his thirties, with black hair and brown eyes. His face was round
and his body chubby. He was none other than the chubby Apothecary who
often liked to use sarcasm at the gathering held by Old Mister Eye of
Wisdom in Backlund. Klein had once recognized him at a circus.
He stopped showing up at Old Mister Eye of Wisdom’s Beyonder gathering
because he left Backlund… Klein coughed and took two steps forward.
“Make some medicine for me.”
On the chubby Apothecary’s shoulder stood a round-eyed owl. The man and
the bird looked up at the same time at Klein.
After a brief examination, the chubby Apothecary revealed a warm smile.
“Friend, it’s cold outside. Don’t do those deeds out in the open, although it’s
true that it can be rather exciting.”
What the hell… Klein was first stumped before he understood what he was
getting at.
When batting Tracy, I was influenced by her Pleasure powers. Blood flowed
down to my nether regions, and my desires undulated. This resulted in my
body emptying out, making it faster and easier for the ailment to strike me.
When escaping, the ice-cold sea was fine since I had theurgical spells
protecting me. But the wind on the way back was rather cold. It worsened
my sickness. In conclusion, doesn’t this look like getting sick as a result of
having pleasure out in the open? As expected of a Apothecary; he has sharp
eyes… Klein maintained a composed expression and just looked at him
without answering him. All he did was wait for him to concoct the
medicine.
Danitz turned his head to look out the herb store as he held back his
laughter with great difficulty.
What dogsh*t Apothecary is this? He can’t even distinguish the ailments
released by Ailment Maiden! he thought in glee.
When the chubby Apothecary didn’t get a response, he dully opened some
cabinets, took out some common or strange herbs and insect carapaces,
stuffed them into a paper bag, and handed it over.
“Put it all in water and cook it for half an hour. Drink the liquid that’s left
over.
“4 soli.”
It’s a little expensive… Klein glanced at Danitz.
The latter immediately took out the money automatically.
As the chubby Apothecary collected the money, he bent his back and
suppressed his voice to say with a chuckle, “I have medicine that can make
you stand out in that area. The kind that has mummy powder added. Need
it? I guarantee you that you’ll be satisfied.
“I know you might be very strong, but men always seek to be stronger.”
Firstly, I need to have a girlfriend… Klein coldly shook his head and
rejected the chubby Apothecary’s recommendation.
The chubby Apothecary straightened his back in disappointment.
He turned his gaze and sized up the two before asking, “Are the both of you
adventurers?”
“Yes,” Klein answered simply.
The chubby Apothecary rubbed his hands and said, “I have a request, but
you’ll only be paid after completing it.”
“How big is the reward?” Klein pinched his nose.
“100 pounds!” the chubby Apothecary shouted as his heart pained for the
money. “Help me find someone. His name is Roy King. He’s my teacher.
He got me to meet him here, but I haven’t seen him after waiting for
months. And I have no way of contacting him.”
“Is there a portrait—Cough! Or a photograph?” Klein inquired.
The chubby Apothecary took out a photograph from a secret pouch by his
waist and handed it over.
It was of a relatively young man. His hair was neatly combed back and he
wore glasses. He appeared very gentlemanly.
“Your teacher?” Klein asked.
I might believe it if you’re the teacher…
The chubby Apothecary coughed dryly and said, “He’s at least sixty, but he
looks young.”
A Beyonder power or a mystical item? Klein nodded in thought and began
asking about the specifics.
After confirming that there weren’t any items he could use to divine, he
took the paper bag and left the store.
After he disappeared from the alley, the owl standing on the chubby
Apothecary’s shoulder suddenly said, “Darkwill, that guy might know you.”