Chapter 1258

: Tremendous Changes
Although Klein was urging them on the surface, he actually threw Life’s
Cane to the bottom of the magnificent staircase and threw it at Lovia,
allowing her to treat herself and Colin Iliad’s injuries.
As a former Rose Bishop, Lovia was the least afraid of the negative effects
of Life’s Cane. Regardless of the changes in her body, as long as it didn’t
involve the spirit, she could treat them.
At the same time, Derrick quickly ran towards the collapsed battlefield in
the middle of the stairs, picking up the severed arm of the Chief.
As long as a broken limb wasn’t lost, Life’s Cane could heal the injuries,
restoring it anew!
With an exaggerated smile, Klein nodded at Colin Iliad and leaped into the
fog of history. He dashed to a time before the First Epoch and hid in a
fragment of light.
Then, with a thought, he returned to Sefirah Castle and sat at the seat
belonging to The Fool. With the help of the crimson star corresponding to
The Fool which was constantly contracting and expanding, he checked the
situation inside the Giant King’s residence.
However, under his “true vision,” there was a deep darkness inside,
indistinct and indiscernible.
As expected of the left hand of God. the deputy of Heaven, a King of
Angels that is suspected to be related to the Chaos Sea… Klein sighed
silently as he frowned slightly.
He now suspected that, even if Little Sun entered the palace and prayed
inside, it would be difficult for him to see the exact situation through the
darkness. Unless he became an angel and truly gained ownership over
Sefirah Castle.
In addition, Klein’s spiritual intuition told him that there were still many
unknown effects hidden in the slumbering grounds of the Dark Angel. He
definitely couldn’t be careless.
He immediately reined in his thoughts and observed the situation around
him. He searched for high-level existences like Adam and Amon, but he
didn’t find anything unusual.
After letting out a breath, Klein hurriedly shattered the Miracle Invoker
Beyonder characteristic that he had separated from the “curtain.” He made
the parts consisting of Sequence 9 to Sequence 3 gather together, making
the Sequence 2 portion pure.
Then, he returned to the historical fragment and was once again affected by
Virtual Persona, becoming more like a clown.
In the next second, he left the grayish-white fog and reappeared in front of
the door that opened into the residence of the Giant King.
The Silver Knight marionette that had inserted the sword into the ground
and created an invisible barrier immediately stood up.
At this moment, the severed arm of Colin Iliad had already been reattached.
Lovia had also recovered from her injuries. However, at some point in time,
a few golden wheat heads grew from the back of her head and swayed.
They walked to the door together with Derrick and returned Life’s Cane to
Klein.
After receiving it, he shook it and stopped maintaining the projection,
making it vanish into thin air.
Right on the heels of that, he made a grab with his right hand, intending to
summon the Historical Void projection of Miss Messenger when she was in
perfect condition.
At this moment, Colin Iliad suddenly asked, “You plan on summoning that
angel?”
“It’s not necessarily that one. I have too many choices.” Klein spoke the
truth in a slightly exaggerated tone.
Colin had already dispelled his giant state and regained his original height
of more than two meters. After all, maintaining an incomplete Mythical
Creature form was still a huge burden to him.
At that moment, he was wearing a silver armor he conjured. He held two
swords that had returned to their normal sizes and said calmly, “That
corrupted monster showed the characteristics of degenerating living
creatures. The place where the Dark Angel sleeps should have similar
effects.”
What the Chief means is that the Angel Projection that Mr. World summons
might rebel after entering the residence of the Giant King? And a fallen
angel—even a projection—is easily able to make us pay a heavy price…
Derrick easily understood what the Chief meant.
On the other side, the flesh on Lovia’s head was squirming as she
enveloped the few wheat heads and fused them with herself.
“Makes sense.” Klein smiled and nodded, gently snapping his fingers.
Then, he dragged out an ordinary raven from the fog of history, allowing it
to fly past the open door and enter the dark interior.
When the raven’s figure was swallowed by the dark environment, Klein’s
eyebrows moved slightly. He turned his head and smiled at the City of
Silver Chief.
“I’ve lost contact.”
Colin Iliad replied without any surprise, “That’s a King of Angels for you.”
Klein couldn’t control the corners of his mouth from curling up. To him,
this was a rather troublesome matter. It meant that he couldn’t summon a
historical projection to enter in his stead.
The fact that his shadow had been sliced off also proved this point.
“Alright.” As if stretching his wrists, he waved his hands a few times and
took out a black staff with many gems embedded in it.
0-62, Staff of the Stars!
He could only try to see if the Sealed Artifact projection and a marionette
would degenerate and betray him.
After all of them were prepared, Colin Iliad, Lovia, and Derrick
simultaneously cast their gazes towards the darkness behind the open door.
Using the Staff of the Stars in his hand, Klein pointed ahead and said with
an obvious smile, “This is going to be a dangerous journey. Everyone has a
chance of dying. For you, and for me.”
With that said, he pressed down on his top hat and followed behind the
Silver Knight marionette. Passing through the open door, he entered deep
darkness.
Colin Iliad, Lovia, and Derrick didn’t speak. They walked forward in
silence and determination.
…
Backlund, in the battlefield outside the city.
Using Lie to adjust her “Dragon Transformation” appearance, Audrey and
the demigod in Feysacian military uniform, who wore a mask and gloves,
engaged in a fierce battle.
The other party’s impregnable defense, the broadsword that had been
condensed from the light of dawn, the rapier’s ability to hide and teleport,
left a deep impression on her.
If not for the fact that she knew that the upper echelons of Feysac and Intis
were mostly Silver Knights, Demon Hunters, Iron-blooded Knights, War
Bishops, Unshadowed, Justice Mentors, Alchemists, and Arcane Scholars,
and had gathered intelligence in advance at the Tarot Club and did some
homework, Audrey, who lacked individual combat experience, would have
long been defeated.
Relying on her accumulated experience in this aspect, she managed to
withstand the initial attacks and finally composed herself. Relying on
“Battle Hypnotism,” “Mind Deprivation,” “Mind Breath,” and “Mind
Storm,” she slowly turned the situation around and escaped her
predicament.
Of course, the most important thing was that the godhood brought about by
“Dragon Transformation” had interfered with the Silver Knight’s mind and
thoughts. Furthermore, it allowed Audrey to possess a body that could
withstand damage, as well as providing a power that could withstand
attacks. Otherwise, she would’ve sustained injuries from barely being able
to hold on.
And as a Sequence 3 saint of the Warrior pathway, this Feysacian general
had a strong will and uniqueness that was unaffected by illusions. He was
able to effectively resist the effects of the mind and reduce the negative
effects he received. Therefore, he still held the upper hand and used “Light
Concealment” and “Silver Rapier” to suppress Audrey in an attempt to
create an opportunity to defeat the enemy.
Audrey was very calm about this. This was because, while fighting, she had
already created a Virtual Persona. She had diverted her attention to the
surrounding environment and had scattered many “Mental Plague” seeds.
It wouldn’t be long before the Feysac general was silently infected!
At this moment, red flaming spears shot over from the allied forces’ base,
blotting out the sky with their denseness.
The Silver Knight didn’t dodge; instead, he took a step forward and swung
his sword of dawn, keeping Audrey fixed to the ground.
Whoosh! Whoosh! Whoosh!
The burning spears pummeled down one after another, blanketing the two
demigods.
Audrey’s face could not help but distort. Charred marks covered her
grayish-white scales of her “Dragon Transformation” body. As for the
Silver Knight’s armor, it was still glowing with silver light. It didn’t suffer
much of an impact.
Compared to a “giant” who specialized in defense, a dragon’s ability to
withstand blows was obviously much weaker.
Only at this point did Audrey realize that she was participating in a war, not
in a solo battle.
When another wave of flaming spears was about to hit them, there seemed
to be a commotion within the allied forces’ base, and there was a collapse to
a certain degree.
At that moment, the thick fog that enveloped the entire battlefield vanished,
as though it had never existed.
Audrey and the Feysac general stopped fighting at the same time, finding
themselves abnormally weak. They even found it difficult to raise their
arms.
She saw that, behind the allied forces’ base, at the edge of the boundless
plains, an orange-red ray of light rushed over, instantly covering half of the
sky, blocking out the sun.
The area around Backlund instantly turned into dusk!
The thick darkness appeared on another side of the sky and very quickly
collided with the orange sunset.
All the soldiers and officers on the battlefield fell to the ground and fell into
a deep sleep.
…
In Backlund City, outside Saint Hierländ Cathedral.
Leonard, who was wearing a red glove, looked up at the half-dark, half-
dusk sky.
His throat let out a silent sigh as he cast his gaze at the entrance of the Saint
Hierländ Cathedral.
The brown-haired Ikanser Bernard and the other members of the Machinery
Hivemind stood there, staring blankly at the sky.
Just a few months ago, they enjoyed a deep level of cooperation with
Leonard’s Red Gloves team. Together, they dealt with the evil forces in
Backlund, searching for the secret organization that believed in The Fool,
the one that used tarot cards as a codename.
…
At the bell tower of the Cathedral of Waves, the City of Generosity, Bayam.
Danitz watched the Resistance enter the city and take over many places.
Finally, he heaved a sigh of relief and turned to Alger.
“Look, they’re very popular in most places in this city.”
Alger’s gaze followed the slightly dark-skinned natives as he didn’t respond
to Danitz.
Danitz felt very relaxed as he chuckled and said, “I never expected that we
would meet again in such a situation.”
Alger looked up and was just about to say something when he suddenly felt
something. He cast his gaze towards the northwestern sky.
The place he was looking at instantly darkened. Layers of dark clouds
formed and countless silver bolts of lightning snaked out.
Many deep blue waves surged up and were swept up by the wind. They
rushed towards the clouds and connected to the sea.
Wherever the sea and the sky intersected, beams of light lit up. They
weren’t resplendent or clear, without any colors. They seemed to be formed
from countless illusory objects.