Chapter 1080

The Line of Thinking for Acting
After watching Butler Walter leave the second floor, Klein entered the
dining hall. As he looked around, he realized that the servants were much
more energetic than usual. They even felt a little agitated.
Indeed, Life’s Cane also affects humans, but it’s not that ridiculous. It’s at a
rather normal level and still within acceptable levels… According to this
logic, the servants’ reproduction abilities would definitely increase. The
only problem is that they don’t have spouses, so there’s no way to show
that…
Eh… Will Mr. Butler’s act of returning home today result in him having
another child in nine to ten months… His wife is almost 40 years old. It’s a
little dangerous for her to have children at this age. Of course, as the other
party in the copulation process, the effects of Life’s Cane would pass over
to them. There shouldn’t be any problems…
Man, I wonder if the potential effect will result in an increase in conceiving
a child. If Dwayne Dantes’s moving into Boklund Street causes one to have
an increased chance of having children, my reputation will practically be
doomed… Klein’s thoughts drifted without end. Finally, he concluded in his
mind:
Life’s Cane truly is very sinister!
In the future, he would only bring it into the real world for some time each
day and try his best not to affect the humans around him!
After breakfast, Klein brought his valet, Enuni, to the first floor and
prepared to take a stroll.
At that moment, two chambermaids were cleaning in the main hall.
“Good morning, sir.” Upon seeing Dwayne Dantes approach, the two
chambermaids immediately stood up, made way for him, and greeted him.
Of course, if they were in a more remote comer, they would try their best
not to make a sound, just in case they disturbed their employer. This was
something they learned from Butler Walter’s teachings.
Klein nodded and gave a simple response as he slowly approached the door.
At that moment, the two maids suddenly saw a wheat head embedded in
Enuni’s head. It was full of golden particles and was extremely attractive.
Before they could even take a closer look, the valet seemed to have sensed
something amiss. He raised his right hand and yanked off the piece of wheat
using plenty of force.
The two maids looked at each other in surprise and amusement.
They imagined that Enuni had accidentally gotten some wheat on his body
when he followed Mr. Dantes over to Maygur Manor, bringing it all the
way back to 160 Boklund Street, where they scattered in places that weren’t
easy to clean. For example, under the pillow he slept last night. In his
dreams, he pushed the pillow away and ended up lodging a piece of wheat
into his hair without realizing it when washing up in the morning and
during breakfast.
Although this process was complicated and not easily achieved, it was still
possible.
It can’t be that Enuni grew a single wheat head, right… The two maids
mumbled to themselves as they continued with their work.
After exiting 160 Boklund Street, Klein and Enuni slowly walked with one
behind the other under the withered Intis parasol trees, breathing in the
fresh autumn air.
Like him, a number of neighbors were taking a morning stroll.
Of course, this wasn’t a habit belonging to those amongst Backlund’s high
society. Last year, the smog was very serious, and the air was quite pungent.
No one was willing to waste their time in the streets, braving the cold wind
and the humidity.
As a neighbor, since they had met each other, there was no doubt that they
would greet each other. When they walked past each other, one of the
lawyers glanced at Dwayne Dantes’s valet from the corner of his eye—he
had raised his hand to cover his mouth as if he was yawning.
When the mixed-blood youth put down his right hand, the lawyer suddenly
realized something was different.
His nose seems to be even higher…
Haha, I must’ve been thinking too much about such matters, causing me to
hallucinate…
If only my nose was slightly higher…
As the lawyer thought about it, he raised his hand and rubbed his nose. At
the same time, he saw two wild dogs engaged in a chase in front of him,
attempting to reproduce on the street.
After the stroll, Klein returned to the activity room on the third floor and
sent Life’s Cane above the gray fog.
Indeed, there’s a certain effect. The main point of the Bizarro Sorcerer’s
digestion is actually to create shocking scenes to scare people, as well as
use a strange method to make people horrified… This really does resemble
a “director,” but it’s just a horror flick’s director…
Yes, I don’t have to really scare them… Peaceful daily life events contain
terrifying scenes, but the surrounding humans don’t notice them at all. They
only occasionally made the connection, and when they think about it, they
would feel a sense of fear from certain possibilities, to the point of not
daring to turn off the lights and ending up having nightmares. That’s also a
horror film archetype… As Klein observed his condition, he summarized
his experiences over the past few months and finally summed it all up with
the keyword “horror film director.”
After understanding this, he had many ideas on how to quickly digest the
potion.
Not only did he have to deal with enemies, but he also had to turn his
enemies into the main characters or important supporting roles in a horror
film!
This will be quite troublesome. I definitely have to give my all to the targets
at the demigod level. I wouldn’t be in the mood to waste my time and effort
on pulling some tricks… Well, there’s no need to find a demigod target.
There’s no restriction for acting like this. I can “Teleport” to the sea, and
find some lucky pirates to “participate,” creating some horror stories…
That’s right. Since I’m a director, I have to let my “works” spread! It seems
like I have to let some of the actors escape successfully every time and
spread the nightmare that they experienced, creating a corresponding myth
at sea. I can’t feed them to Creeping Hunger… As he formed his plan, Klein
suddenly thought of a question:
In the horrifying legends of the people in the Northern Continent and the
sea, how many of them were deliberately created by Bizarro Sorcerers?
There must be some… Sigh, if Amon were to act as a Bizarro Sorcerer,
“He” would probably be able to digest the potion in less than a month.
“His” talent in this aspect is astounding, and “He” doesn’t consider the
consequences… In truth, while looking for pirates to “film the horror
movie,” I can find an opportunity to scare other demigods. I don’t have to
fight them to the death. Once my goal is accomplished, I can escape… With
this thought in mind, Klein came up with a plan for the supporting role.
Hence, he carefully considered his targets.
There’s no way I can find an angel or higher. Those who I’m not familiar
with will make me the leading character of a horror movie on the spot.
Those who are familiar with me are well aware that I’m a Bizarro Sorcerer,
so there’s no way to scare them…
There are many saints that I have no idea about their whereabouts.
Frightening the archbishops will easily cause unnecessary chain reactions,
causing the world situation to become even more tense and for the war to
erupt premature^”
Uh, after eliminating all the possibilities, the most suitable target is the
Numinous Episcopate’s Artificial Death faction’s demigod, Patrick Biyan,
as well as the councilors of Will Auceptin’s Fate Council, as weH ^
After creating a name list, Klein decided to take some time over the next
two days to visit Dr. Aaron Ceres. He wanted to bring some ice-cream for a
certain baby to ask where the “councilors” were recently seen.
If he wanted to frighten someone else’s subordinates, he had to get the
approval of the president!
Klein was in a good mood after organizing his thoughts. He went out again
and went to Saint Samuel Cathedral to pray and donate before heading to
the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation where he stayed till noon.
In the afternoon, he saw a few businessmen and professional lawyers and
accountants who were seeking investments, behaving like a normal tycoon.
After filling his stomach, he returned to the half-opened room with the
balcony. Just as he was considering whether to visit Dr. Aaron Ceres’s
house directly tomorrow, or invite their family to have a nice dinner at the
Srenzo Restaurant which served excellent ice-cream, his spiritual
perception was triggered.
He turned his head and, without any surprise, saw Miss Messenger walk out
of the void with four blonde, red-eyed heads.
One of the heads bit on a letter.
“Who sent it?” Klein habitually and expectantly asked.
As he had yet to receive the letter, Reinette Tinekerr could only answer with
three heads.
“King…” “Of…” “Idiots…”
Patrick Bryan? This nickname has even evolved? Klein reached out and
took the letter. When he opened it, he realized that it was indeed from the
Artificial Death faction’s demigod.
He wrote on the letter:
“…I’ve already prepared the special ritual that will help my teacher, Haiter,
recover further. Your Excellency, I will hold it tomorrow at midnight given
your permission…”
The ritual that points towards the angel, Haiter? There’s no way to avoid the
Numinous Episcopate’s Artificial Death faction’s testing of Patrick… This
can be interfered with using Paper Angel… Just in time… With a flick of
his wrist, Klein burned the letter.
Following that, he took out a piece of paper and wrote down an answer:
Yes, you may. You must be careful.”
In the quiet night, near midnight, in a uninhabited clothes factory in St.
George Borough.
There was an open area that had been cleared. Nearly ten black-robed
figures were standing there.
In the middle of them was a deep black coffin that looked rather heavy.
Around the coffin were many golden ornaments with mud stains. There
were many candles flickering with pale-white flames, as well as one skull
after another.
The hideous white skulls belonged to humans, others from animals. Some
were extremely strange and had a deformed look to it. It was hard to
imagine their original appearance.
The skulls were piled the highest up at the front, with Patrick Bryan
standing there.
He had also changed into a black robe, but he didn’t pull up his hood,
revealing a deep outline. He had black hair, brown eyes, and a rather long
face.
This demigod hadn’t done anything, but his surroundings had turned
extremely cold, as though countless invisible creatures were celebrating.
As Patrick Bryan raised his right hand, the hooded believers jumped up and
twitched a little. It was a crazy and rhythmic dance.
This was a Spirit Dance, a ritual that Death loved. The stronger the
spirituality of the dancers, the better the effects.
As the dance became more intense, a cold and formless wind blew out from
the coffin. Patrick Bryan lowered his head and recited in a language that
seemed to come from the Underworld:
“The King from the depths of Hell;
“An Angel playing the music of death;
The Ruler above River Styx.”