Chapter 161

: Inverted Mausoleum
Most of the buildings in Morse Town adhered to a style that was popular a
hundred years ago. The most eye-catching building in the town was the
black cathedral spire.
After settling the carriage, Klein and the others quickly finished their lunch
of bread, toast, bacon, butter, and coffee.
“We can still tolerate about two hours and thirty-five minutes of Sealed
Artifact 3-0782’s purification.” Kenley stood at the door of the church and
took out a pocket watch from his suit’s pocket. “I suggest dealing with the
suspected haunting incidents first to prevent the situation from getting
worse. Then we can return to the church and take turns watching over the
Sealed Artifact to recover.”
Under normal circumstances, Sequence 9, 8, and 7 Beyonders had to stay
far away from the Mutated Sun Sacred Emblem for two hours to recover
completely, or at least an hour if they were to make a partial recovery.
“Alright.”
“I have no objections.”
Klein and Leonard spoke in unison.
“Then which case should we deal with first?” Kenley asked.
Leonard wiped away his frivolous attitude and said, “Let’s start with the old
man living alone who heard heavy footsteps in his house.”
“Why?” Kenley asked instinctively. Klein was also interested to hear an
explanation.
Could this be the intuition of a poet? He mocked Leonard secretly.
Leonard shifted his gaze from Kenley’s face to Klein’s, then looked at
Kenley again. He smiled.
“Because it’s the closest to the church.”
“How did you know that? It’s not written in the records…” Klein asked.
Leonard snickered. “Didn’t I go to the bathroom during our meal? I came
across a trainee priest on my way back and had a conversation. He told me
that Noah’s house was close to the church—Oh yeah, the old man’s name is
Noah.”
He sure lives up to his name as an experienced Nighthawk when it comes to
performing missions… Klein gave a dry laugh. He turned to Kenley and
said, “Then let’s go to Noah’s house first.”
“Alright.” Kenley didn’t have any objections.
They arrived at Noah’s house a mere minute later…
Noah was an old man with thinning white hair. He had lost his left hand in a
war when he was younger and had no choice but to leave the army. He
returned to his hometown after he received his compensation.
At that moment, he opened the door and looked at the three strangers in
front of him before looking at Siur who was rushing over from the
cathedral. He said with a raspy voice, “Come in, I hope that you can solve
my problem. I heard that you brought Holy Water, Sacred Emblems, a silver
dagger, and garlic? This is great, my worries have eased greatly. Please
forgive my blabbering, you have to understand the condition of an old man
after not being able to sleep peacefully for two nights, Oh my Goddess, I’ve
been so scared all this time that my head feels like it’s in a cloud.”
Leonard suddenly straightened his back when he entered the house, his eyes
surveying the surroundings.
After that, Klein felt a cold aura within the room. Those were traces of
activity left behind by a ghost.
“There really was an impure being here.” Kenley was the last one to notice
as he suppressed his voice.
“Very weak.” Leonard said with a relaxed tone as he retracted his gaze.
The Midnight Poet was a job with a relatively high spiritual sensitivity
when compared to all the other Sequence 8’s in the Church’s records.
“Yes.” Klein could feel the warmth and purifying energy of Sealed Artifact
3-0782 quickly dispelling the sinister aura in the room without any trouble.
At this moment, the people of the town had all gathered at Noah’s house, all
looking curiously at Klein, Leonard, and Kenley.
Cough! Leonard cleared his throat and recited, “We have the blessings of
the Goddess, those impure beings will vanish quickly and won’t bring about
any more trouble.”
After that, he shot a look at Klein for him to perform a “purification ritual”
for everyone to see.
Why me? Klein shot a look back.
Of course, he didn’t know if Leonard understood what his gaze meant.
But clearly, Leonard understood. He said softly, “You’re the expert in
rituals.”
Alright, blame me for being the one who volunteered for this mission. Klein
tidied his clothes and took out the Holy Water, Sacred Emblems, a silver
dagger, and garlic from Leonard.
He first placed the Dark Sacred Emblem in front of his chest, then peeled
the garlic and tossed its cloves one by one to every corner of the house.
“Hmm, this is how garlic is used to dispel ghosts?”
“It’s different from the descriptions in the newspapers…”
“Will this work?”
…
The townsfolk looking at them broke into discussion, curious and excited,
as if they were watching a circus.
It’s useless! I’m just acting! Klein suddenly felt that he had become a
clown. He closed his eyes and splashed the holy water onto the ground with
the silver dagger.
He splashed the water as he walked around the house, reciting an
incantation, “The Evernight Goddess…
“The Mother of Secrets… The Lady of Crimson…
“Empress of Disaster and Horror…
“Mistress of Calm and Silence…”
…
These typical acts of a charlatan shocked everyone present as the townsfolk
fell silent.
And once people turned silent, it was easy for them to notice something
they missed.
“What a warm feeling.”
“It feels like I’m sunbathing…”
“No, I feel like I’m looking at a pure sky…”
“How magical… Is this the effect of the Holy Water?”
“They sure live up to their names as priests from Saint Selena Cathedral!”
“Praise the Lady!”
…
The townsfolk discussed in whispers. The looks they gave Klein, Leonard,
and Kenley slowly became that of respect. Noah also visibly relaxed, not
doubting that the problem had been solved.
Sealed Artifact 3-0782 is doing all the real work here… We don’t actually
need to do anything to chase the ghosts away, all we need to do is stay here
for a minute. It’s not tiring or troublesome at all… After Klein purified the
sinister aura off every corner of the house, he opened his eyes and put away
his silver dagger, drawing the shape of the crimson moon in front of his
chest with a serious expression. “Praise the Lady!”
“Praise the Lady!” the townsfolk replied devoutly.
“We still have things to deal with, but we need absolute silence.” Leonard
smiled as he looked around.
The townsfolk, after witnessing something so professional, didn’t stay.
They receded from Noah’s house like a tide following Priest Siur’s lead.
Even the master of the house had to leave temporarily.
“I actually wanted to take a nap…” Noah pouted as he walked toward the
cathedral.
Leonard took a step forward and closed the door, then turned towards Klein.
“Do a divination on the cause of this incident.”
“No problem.” Klein also wanted to find out what he could divine.
I know Mr. Azik did this, but he seems to be of a rather superior nature.
Haha, a person that can live for 1300 years must be of a superior nature…
So my divinations should definitely be affected. Under such circumstances,
without the help of the mysterious space above the gray fog, even I’m not
sure what revelations I would receive… Klein took out the pen and paper he
brought along with him and wrote down a divination statement:
“The cause of the haunting at Noah’s house.”
He held the piece of paper and walked to a round table. He then took a seat,
closed his eyes, and leaned back.
Klein suddenly saw a black mausoleum in his blurred, hazy dream world.
It was similar to a pyramid, but stood inverted and was almost fully buried.
A black fog obscured everything within the ancient mausoleum.
Klein snapped awake and opened his eyes.
“Did you find anything?” Kenley asked in concern.
Klein thought for a moment and described the revelation he received in his
dream without hiding anything. He ended it by saying, “The mausoleum
was definitely not in the style of the Northern Continent, I mean the Fifth
Epoch. I’m somewhat of an expert in this field.”
Leonard nodded, seemingly in thought.
“That’s an Inverted Pyramid from the Southern Continent. It represents the
entering of the nether realm from the living world. It’s a mausoleum that
only the so-called Descendants of Death can erect for themselves, be it in
the Balam Empire of the past, or its satellite states such as the Highlands
Kingdom.
“In some sense, it’s the symbol of Death.
“Well, the ghosts are definitely related to Death. The results of the
divination are undoubtedly correct!”
Ignoring Leonard’s mockery, Klein suddenly had an interesting thought.
Could Mr. Azik be the descendant of Death, or could he have made a
transaction with Death to obtain such a long life?
According to a chapter from The Revelation of Evernight, as well as the
internal records of the Nighthawks, Death was a malevolent god, once
causing a catastrophe in the Northern Continent at the end of the Fourth
Epoch. Those times were now referred to as the Pale Era.
Hmm, it’s said that Death fell to the combined efforts of the Seven Gods…
It’s impossible to determine when Lamud Castle was built — but it couldn’t
have been built before the Pale Era.
If there was a connection, then there would be something to investigate
regarding the person working behind the scenes, lives in the house with the
red-chimney, and stole the skull of Mr. Azik’s child…
Of course, this could be an excuse for the Northern Continent to colonize
the Southern Continent. After all, most of the inhabitants of the Southern
Continent believes in Death…
The three Nighthawks didn’t stay for long since they didn’t discover
anything. They soon left Noah’s house and started dealing with the two
other haunting incidents.
The same process, the same results. They quickly rid the town of the auras
of dead spirits, but didn’t manage to find the cause of all the trouble.
Along the way, Leonard asked the townsfolk if any strangers had entered
the town in the past few days, but received a negative answer.
Mr. Azik didn’t come? He must’ve come and left in secret without anyone
noticing him. He sure is cautious… When he said that he would be
returning to Tingen by Wednesday, did he mean that these spirits would
vanish on their own accord today, even if we weren’t here to deal with it?
Klein thought about it as he returned to the entrance of Morse Cathedral
with Leonard and Kenley.
They could still last another hour and forty-five minutes with the Mutated
Sun Sacred Emblem.
“We’ll take one hour shifts looking after the Sealed Artifact.” Klein
suppressed the excitement in his heart. He looked at the color of the sky and
said, “Let’s try to head back to Tingen City for dinner.”
“No problem.” Leonard glanced at Klein and laughed. “But for safety’s
sake, I suggest that two people look after the Sealed Artifact while one
rests.”
Klein froze for a moment, his mind churning quickly. He smiled in reply.
“Sure, but this way, we have to calculate the most logical rotation. Who gets
to rest first? Who’s next? And who will be last? How much time do we need
to recover? And by how much? Well—I think that we have to establish an
algorithm with an unknown value in order to establish the best way, then
compare it with the effectiveness of having one person look over it at a
time… It’s even better if we can compare the efficiencies too. Let’s first
assume that the unknown value is…”
“Wait!” Leonard’s green eyes were filled with blankness and fear. “If that’s
the case, let’s look after it one at a time. The person looking after it will stay
in the cathedral during his shift, as it has a sufficiently large radius. Of
course, we’ll have to get Priest Siur and the rest to stay somewhere else.
The other two will stand guard outside the church and prevent others from
coming close.”
“I share the same opinion.” Kenley had felt a headache coming on as Klein
spoke about the mathematical problem.
“Alright.” Klein nodded, looking as though he was forced to do so.
If he hadn’t been able to convince his partners, then he would have to make
a deal with Leonard in secret, giving away some information about himself
to get him to leave.
But the problem was solved now!