Chapter 836

: Tossing Food
At that moment, the shadow seemed to turn corporeal. It was ice-cold and
moist, and it instantly bound Klein within it like he was a mosquito in
amber.
Klein’s figure was squashed and compressed as he regressed into a piece of
paper, rapidly turning into mush.
Paper Figurine Substitutes!
Having sensed the danger ahead of time, he had made timely use of Paper
Figurine Substitutes!
His black-robed figure appeared on the other end of the dining table as he
opened his mouth, producing a bang sound.
At this moment, Klein’s mind suddenly turned adrift as he found his
surroundings blurry and unclear.
He instantly understood what was happening. He had been forcefully pulled
into a dream!
And with this, he determined one point—his abnormal ability of
maintaining his lucidity and rationality in dreams had already solidified and
become one with him. There was no need to use the gray fog to do so!
After a brief struggle, Klein suddenly snapped awake and saw the shadows
in the building slowly surging at him like a tidal wave.
Bang!
He opened his mouth and produced an extremely mighty Air Bullet.
This bullet struck the shadow, producing a huge swath of white.
The shadows around the whiteness immediately receded and filled it to the
brim, returning everything to normal once again. Klein took this
opportunity to roll to the side and turned his left glove pale with a tinge of
dark green.
With a clap, the spot he stood at was smashed by a lump of flesh and blood
that flew out from the shadow, covering the dark red carpet that was
covered with strange mold.
In an unobvious manner, Klein had a feeling that he was being weakened.
Without any time to think deeper into the matter, he immediately made his
feet produce an icy layer that emanated cold air.
White frost crept up and rapidly froze the shadow. Underneath the
crystalline frost was a squirming and warping pitch-blackness, like oil that
had its own life.
Zombie’s Ice Stun!
Klein did another flip and changed his position while making his glove
produce black granules that were profound and dark.
Right on the heels of that, he straightened his body, and facing the shadow
beneath the layer of ice, he said a word filled with foulness, a word that
came from the Devil language:
Slow!
Suddenly, Klein saw the shadow’s squirming slow down. Clearly, it was in
an extremely sluggish state; however, his thoughts had also turned sluggish,
preventing him from dealing any follow up attacks.
His Language of Foulness had been distorted, and although it was clearly
directed at the shadow, it had been distorted to target the entire living room;
hence, affecting himself.
In just seconds, Klein extricated himself from the slowed state, and without
any thought, he lunged for the dining table, picking up a plate with half a
piece of steak and throwing it at the shadow.
During this process, his left glove remained dark black, but it had a sinister
and noble vibe.
Bribe!
He had used the steak to Bribe the enemy, weakening the other party’s
offensive, defensive, and controlling abilities!
At this moment, the figure suddenly shrank back into the corner of the wall,
allowing the dining plate to smash and shatter into the melting ice.
Then, the figure surged upwards, taking the form of a pitch-black figure
with a hooded robe.
In the palm of the figure, a transparent and blurry book appeared in front of
him. It was accompanied by a distant and indistinct chant: “I came, I saw, I
record.”
Just as the chanting sounded, the book rapidly flipped through the pages
and produced a burning-white spear.
Mr. A? Has he gone completely mad? He dares to use fire-related Beyonder
powers in such an environment? Klein’s heart tightened as his thoughts
raced. He hurriedly rushed towards his opponent and held his left hand
behind him.
Creeping Hunger was quickly tainted with the dark colors of corruption
before condensing a ridiculous great sword that seemed to be combined
from scarlet magma and blue-hot flames.
Thump!
Klein’s footsteps were heavy as he bent his back, pulling his shoulder back
as he forcefully delivered a strike with his left arm.
The muscles on his arm bulged as he swung the Sword of Lava!
Pfft! The resplendent great sword cleaved down on the fiery spear, sending
sparks of white, blue, and red scattering in every direction as they ignited
the chairs and curtains.
The murmurs outside the street had long vanished. All the indistinct figures
had turned over and there was extreme silence.
After shattering the fiery spear with a cleave, Klein bent his knee and
genuflected, snapping his fingers with his right hand.
Pa!
The flames in the entire room were extinguished.
Klein didn’t move any further. He had a nagging feeling that a dense array
of gazes were trying to see through the curtains to seek out any
abnormalities.
The hooded man formed of shadows didn’t take any action as well.
Although he was acting crazy just moments ago, he seemed to have sensed
the inexplicable horror that was slowly approaching.
In the dark room with tiny hints of crimson moonlight, Klein was
genuflecting while the other was standing close to the wall, it was as though
the two of them had turned into stone statues.
In the unbearable silence, time passed by abnormally slowly. All Klein did
was count ten seconds, and it felt like an hour had passed.
Finally, the beast-like growls sounded once again in a staccato, disjointed
manner, and the indistinct figures outside began walking again, returning
back to the streets.
Almost at the same time, Klein obtained initial control of his target’s Spirit
Body Threads. The hooded man’s actions of pouncing forward instantly
turned sluggish!
Without any hesitation, Klein bent his body and circled the area, preparing
to take advantage of his opponent’s delay to disrupt any of his subsequent
counterattacks and slowly turn him into a marionette.
At this moment, his nose suddenly felt an itch as he couldn’t help but open
his mouth.
Achoo!
Klein sneezed and lost his control over the Spirit Body Threads.
Furthermore, his throat began to hurt as mucus began to take form.
He had caught a cold!
He actually caught a cold in the intense battle!
After suspecting that his opponent was Mr. A, Klein had actually been wary
against a Demoness’s ailment based on his past experience when fighting
Mr. A. He had been placed at a significant disadvantage back then, but in a
battle that didn’t give him time to think, he had made a mistake. His
constitution had long weakened due to the plague from the actual
Demoness, Panatiya. He had no way to wait until the marionette conversion
completed. He didn’t even have a chance of obtaining a deeper level of
initial control and use Air Bullets to deal a lethal strike!
Achoo!
As Klein sneezed, he rolled away. Meanwhile, he switched Creeping
Hunger to the Baron of Corruption state and attempted to use his Distortion
powers to reduce the effects of his cold.
Of course, thanks to his Bribe from before, his condition wasn’t too serious.
All it did was affect his control over the Spirit Body Threads, and not make
him incapable of fighting.
While rolling away, Klein noticed from the corner of his eye that his
opponent was leaving his shadowy state. The hood slipped backward,
revealing a face that looked beautiful like a female. It was none other than
Mr. A.
This Aurora Order Oracle had actually managed to survive this long despite
the harsh environment!
However, his eyes were already bloodshot. He looked at Klein as though he
was looking at a delightful delicacy. The hunger that was innate and
instinctive wasn’t concealed at all.
At that moment, Klein’s mood didn’t wane because he still had sufficient
strength to do battle.
What he was most worried about wasn’t Mr. A, but that their escalating
battle would produce flames and attract the danger outside. When that
happens, there was no way the two of them could escape death!
Hunger… The immense hunger has made Mr. A lose his rationality and no
longer care about the loitering figures… If I can slightly alleviate his
hunger, he should stop attacking and patiently wait until the crimson moon
is once again hidden by the fog… Give him some “food?” As his thoughts
raced, Klein nearly sliced off a piece of his flesh to throw at Mr. A.
Thankfully, he thought of something in the nick of time.
He had food on him!
They were the dried mushrooms that Frank Lee had produced. It was said to
be a crossbreed between beef and the flesh of a Rose Bishop. As long as
there was fish and water, it could keep reproducing.
As this was a new species in a subtle sense, making it not directly related to
a Rose Bishop, Klein had placed it with herbal powders he often used like
slumber flower, without removing them. He wasn’t afraid that it would
trigger any anomalies within the core seal behind Chanis Gate.
Achoo! With another sneeze and another roll, Klein had taken out the dried
mushroom and thrown it at Mr. A.
Perhaps the smell of beef had attracted him, or perhaps it was the mutual
sense shared between Rose Bishops, Mr. A immediately stopped attempting
to flip through his illusory book. As he caught the mushroom, he stuffed it
into his mouth, chewed, and swallowed it.
The hunger pangs that were written in his eyes gradually lessened, but the
way he looked at Klein remained the same.
Klein threw the remaining dried mushrooms at Mr. A who caught them.
Without any hesitation, he cleanly ate them.
His vision finally turned for the better. Glancing at the indistinct figures
loitering outside the windows, he stepped back into a corner, fusing into the
shadows.
Phew… Klein heaved a sigh of relief and retreated to another corner of the
wall.
Mr. A actually isn’t dead… I have to say that in such an environment, a
Rose Bishop’s abilities can provide immense help. Just using the stored
flesh and eating himself can make him last quite long… Of course, the fact
that Mr. A hasn’t been killed by Lady Despair Panatiya implies his strength.
However, the demigod-level powers he recorded must have been used up…
As Klein thought, he deliberated over his words, wishing to sound out Mr.
A for more information.
“Have you found any clues on how to leave?”
There was silence as Mr. A didn’t give an answer.
His insanity has made it impossible to talk to him? Klein pondered for two
seconds and said a name, “Leomaster.”
This was the name of the Aurora Order’s Saint of Darkness who had
dissociated personalities.
After a brief silence, Mr. A’s slightly hoarse voice sounded again.
“He has been ‘sent’ in here as well?”
Indeed, only matters regarding the Aurora Order elicits a response… Klein
frankly said, “No, he is trapped inside the ruins of the battle of gods.”
Without waiting for Mr. A to say a word, he continued, “Why don’t you
enter the cathedral?”
Mr. A said in a muddled manner, “It’s very dangerous, very, very
dangerous…
“It’s also dangerous outside. All the dangers stem from there. All the people
who vanished would reappear during the crimson moon…”
Before he could finish his sentence, the tiny bit of crimson moonlight that
passed through the curtains suddenly turned extremely dim.