Chapter 942

: Deity’s Curse
With Klein’s spirituality making contact, the points of light suddenly
expanded into a scene before his eyes.
With his Shadow Cloak up, Danitz was praying with his head bowed in the
corner of the square, chanting The Fool’s honorific name with ancient
Hermes.
Thanks to this, Klein could see an expanded area around him, and he began
searching for Ince Zangwill.
Through the gray fog, everything he saw was clearly different from what he
had previously seen. In the middle of the square, a pitch-black corpse-
embedded cathedral had appeared at some point in time. It was dark inside,
but there wasn’t any signs of activity inside.
Using this opportunity, Klein replied Danitz’s prayer, “Leave the area. Find
a hidden spot to hide in.”
As he spoke slowly, dressed in the papal tiara and dark robes, Klein raised
his left hand and made the blue gems at the tip of the bone scepter light up.
Sharp, jarring sounds immediately resounded in Revival Square in the real
world as a sudden gale swept the area. It made the people who were
spending their leisure time there or the pedestrians to leave quickly to head
for shelter from the wind. Even Anderson, who had a frozen expression,
recovered his usual insouciant attitude. Holding his abdomen, he quickly
rushed out of the dangerous area.
In a few seconds, Revival Square became extremely silent. Even the
pedestrians who walked slowly without running had experienced the feeling
of flying with the nudging of the wind.
The empty area entered a brief silence. Then, a flame appeared from the
corpse cathedral’s window. It grew in size and became increasingly
blinding.
Silently, the colored glass windows shattered as blinding white light that
bordered on blue shot out like a meteor.
This flaming light instantly crumbled, materializing into Ince Zangwill,
who wore a black clergyman’s robe and had one dark blue eye and one eye
covered with blood vessels.
The moment this Nightwatcher appeared, he couldn’t help but open his
mouth and scoff at the classic quill in his hand.
“If a fool like you didn’t listen to my suggestion, how could something like
this happen!
“I’m not even sure what you’re afraid of. If you had allowed me to pray to
the Lord, allowing me to secretly return to the Rose Redemption and join
forces with the ‘Serpent,’ our preparations would allow us to set up a trap.
Today, we will be the ones hunting Adam, and not the other way round!”
The seemingly dark and damaged quill immediately flew up and wrote on
an empty spot of Ince Zangwill’s clothes:
“Due to a rage stemming from embarrassment, Sauron Einhorn Medici
pushed the blame of this development to the Quill of Alzuhod, but in fact, it
was ‘He’ who was stopping himself from praying to the True Creator. Be it
Sauron or Einhorn, neither one of them trusted this evil god.
“Today’s development made this evil spirit’s psychological dissociation to
worsen! This is extremely reasonable. This is the diagnosis by the best,
most professional psychiatrist!”
“Ince Zangwill” immediately frowned as he raised his left hand and pressed
it to his head.
His dark blue eye rapidly recovered its luster as the classically sculpted face
turned extremely stern.
At this moment, having escaped the corpse cathedral, he was no longer
facing the square. Instead, it was flights of ancient stone stairs. They were
leading to the peak of a towering mountain. Erected there was a huge cross
with countless angels spiraling around it.
At this moment, an exaggerated bolt of silver lightning tore through the
overcast sky, smiting right down at Ince Zangwill.
The sealed and strange space produced cracks. The fountain and its splashes
appeared in his dark blue
eye.
Ince Zangwill’s figure immediately vanished, leaving behind a blurry
transparent spirit. The latter was struck by lightning and was instantly
obliterated.
This Nightwatcher didn’t have the luxury of time to consider what other
lurking dangers there were. He took this opportunity to transform into a
flame as he penetrated a crack and rushed out.
To him, no matter what lay ahead of him, nothing was more terrifying and
difficult to deal with than the Son of the Creator, King of Angels Adam!
Upon seeing the flame rise up from the square, allowing Ince Zangwill to
escape the restraints of the illusory world and returning to his appearance
with dark blond hair and pale hands, Klein raised his head slightly and
subconsciously sat straight.
Countless scenes flashed across his mind-him having his heart penetrated,
the pair of bright leather boots just before his previous death, Dunn Smith
smiling at him with a wink of his left eye, and the Blackthorn Security
Company which had been reduced to ruins.
The corners of Klein’s mouth quickly curled upwards as he revealed a
comical smile.
He then deeply muttered using ancient Hermes, “Misfortune!”
The silver-gray charm on his right palm suddenly burst into a gloomy black
light.
This was a charm of the misfortune domain Klein made using Snake of
Mercury Will Auceptin’s blood and precious metals by praying to the
Evernight Goddess.
This was a present he had prepared for Ince Zangwill.
This was an arrow of vengeance.
This was a deity’s curse!
Klein immediately stood up, stretched his shoulders, and threw out his right
arm, fusing the gloomy black light with the little powers he could stir from
above the gray fog as he threw them at Ince Zangwill.
Just as Ince Zangwill returned to Revival Square, he saw a dark black beam
appear out of nowhere. It blanketed the entire sky, making him find himself
in an extremely dark environment.
Such a change happened in a flash before everything was restored to normal
in an instant. Nothing seemed amiss, but as a Nightwatcher who could give
others a certain level of bad luck, Ince Zangwill acutely “smelled” the aura
of danger. Without any hesitation, he reached out his left palm in a bid to
use the evil spirit within him and his powers as a Gatekeeper to enter the
spirit world and flee.
However, none of the surrounding bright flowers, pure-white fountain, and
dark black tiles had their colors saturate, much less become stacked.
Ince Zangwill’s Spirit World Traversal had become ineffective!
The glint in his eyes froze as he seemed to understand the reason. It was
because the evil spirit in him was having an internal struggle; thus, they
wouldn’t lend him their power.
“See? Everything would be fine if you had listened to
me!”
“Bullsh*t! I’d rather die than believe in the True Creator!”
“What’s the point saying all of this? Didn’t you still end up the same as us,
being made into a potion by Alista Tudor?”
“So none of you are nervous at all? Didn’t you notice that the curse clearly
came with a deity’s aura? That power was fundamentally very powerful.
Our present condition doesn’t allow us to avoid it at all. Haha, continue
arguing. Go on! I’ll wait to die with all of
you.”
…
The veins on Ince Zangwill’s forehead throbbed when he heard that. He was
furious that Sauron Einhorn Medici would suddenly engage in an internal
strife at such a critical moment. They didn’t seem to notice the danger they
were in at all.
As a former archbishop, as a Beyonder who had watched over the Church
of Evernight’s Holy Artifacts, Ince Zangwill didn’t let his judgment become
clouded because of his rage. He instinctively believed that the gloomy black
beam had something to do with the Evernight Goddess’s authority over
misfortune. He believed that Sauron Einhorn Medici’s sudden fallout was
clearly a result of this influence. Otherwise, it was impossible for the Red
Angel evil spirit to break into a quarrel without concerning themselves with
the situation they were in simply because of the Quill of Alzuhod’s writing!
He immediately turned around, quickly running towards another exit of
Revival Square in an attempt to communicate with other spirits. He wished
to borrow their powers to escape; however, there wasn’t a single spirit
around!
At this moment, a figure stood in a hidden corner of the open square. He
was a mixed-blood with parents coming from Loen and Balam. He had a
fleshy face and baggy clothes. On his waist hung a rapier.
It was Admiral Hell Ludwell!
This was a marionette who usually didn’t have any thoughts!
After throwing out the Deity’s Curse charm, Klein followed his plan,
returned to the real world, and made use of the two marionettes!
As he made Enzo find a corner, he took out the items he prepared, set up a
bestowment ritual, and controlled Admiral Hell to walk to a secluded spot
to face Ince Zangwill.
This Admiral Hell, who looked nothing like his original self, raised his right
hand, allowing his arm and fingers to rapidly turn incorporeal as they
extended towards the target.
This was a power he used by borrowing the Underworld creature within
him to extract the Spirit Bodies of others remotely!
Ludwell’s palm quickly turned pale-white, and above Ince Zangwill, a
figure floated up uncontrollably.
However, Ince Zangwill was once a Gatekeeper. An illusory bronze door
filled with mystery immediately took form in his eyes as it quickly pulled
back his escaping Spirit Body.
With his level and strength, this was unlikely to succeed so successfully, but
for some reason, he repeatedly made mistakes and nearly allowed Admiral
Hell to succeed. For a brief moment, all he could manage to do was a see-
saw-like struggle.
At this moment, two figures rapidly appeared beside Ludwell. One of them
was the black-haired, green-eyed Leonard with a transparent glove in hand,
and the other was Davy Simone who had blue eyeshadow and blush.
They had arrived at the perfect moment because the bad luck of an enemy
often implied that one was lucky enough!
The first thing Daly saw was the figure she could never forget. Pangs of
fury burned in her eyes instantly.
She didn’t rashly attack as she made some observations. She came behind
Ludwell and spread her arms.
A bronze door filled with countless strange patterns immediately descended
and creaked open a gap.
This was a door that led to the Underworld. It was a door filled with allure
to all undead creatures!
An indescribable and terrifying suction force came out of it as the figure
above Ince Zangwill’s body completely separated from him.
It was a translucent man wearing blood-stained black armor. He was young
and handsome with red hair. His face had terrifying signs of decay, and at
his glabella was a flag-like mark.
This young man wasn’t too surprised about being separated from Ince
Zangwill. Instead, he sneered.
“We sure are unlucky today. We have already died together once, so is there
a need to do so another time? Especially when we’re being controlled by
such a weakling?”
A bloody gap appeared on his upper left cheek as it opened and closed.
“Alright, let’s clear out the surrounding trash…”
Before the sentence was finished, the man in blood-stained black armor
reached out his palm and drew out an illusory sword with dark red rust
stains from his body.
A terrifying suppressive force easily allowed the evil spirit to free itself
from Ludwell’s and Daly Simone’s extraction. It swooped down in an
attempt to return to Ince Zangwill’s body.
At this moment, a hoarse voice sounded, sounding as though it held
sandcloth in it. Admiral Hell Ludwell had chanted in ancient Hermes,
“Fate!”