Chapter 1128

: Finally An Outcome
East Borough, in a two-bedroom rental apartment.
After receiving the reply from Demoness Trissy from Miss Messenger
Reinette Tinekerr, he pulled a chair to sit down and began reading.
This means she knows of Mr. Door’s existence, and she has a way to use
the bloodline of the Abraham family to communicate with that entity…
Trissy can already withstand Mr. Door’s cry for help. Isn’t she afraid of
losing control because of this? Besides, she seems to be very sure of Mr.
Door’s identity… She really has obtained more knowledge and secrets from
the Primordial Demoness… But in such a situation, why would the
Demoness of White Katarina be pursuing her? Questions arose in Katarina’s
mind as he read the short letter.
As Trissy’s vague mention of the matter was within his understanding, he
believed that she wasn’t lying in this aspect. Furthermore, she had provided
a very feasible solution.
Of course, the prerequisite for this method to succeed was to obtain the
correct ritual and have a descendant of the Abraham family be willing to
take a huge risk, as they used something related to their bloodline as a
medium.
Of these three points, he was missing the first point. He still had some
doubts about the third point. He attempted to find a safer and more
concealed method, but Demoness Trissy seemed to only lack the second
point.
To me, it’s easy to find the descendants of the Abraham family. I can
directly contact them through Miss Magician. However, once I hand over
their hair, blood, flesh, and bones to Demoness Trissy, this will put them at
risk of being hexed… Klein understood the Demoness pathway rather well
and knew that they were very good at hexes.
As his thoughts raced, he gradually came up with a countermeasure. It was
to use the hair, flesh, or bones of the deceased.
He remembered that Miss Magician had mentioned to The Fool that she had
once buried an old man named Lawrence. He was undoubtedly a
descendant of the Abraham family.
I hope it wasn’t a cremation… Although this is somewhat sacrilegious to a
corpse, speaking to Mr. Door is a necessary procedure to dispel the
Abraham family’s ancient curse. It’s better to use the dead rather than
implicate the living… When the time comes, I’ll add this in Trissy’s reply.
I’ll claim that this is a requirement stipulated by the descendant of the
Abraham family for the ritual’s medium…
Also, I have to first confirm that Trissy is going to speak to Mr. Door, and
not attempt to pull “Him” back to the real world… They are either of a
high-level or are involved in high-level situations. It will be difficult to
obtain any effective revelations using divination, but Emperor Roselle said
that the ritual required to facilitate Mr. Door’s return is very complicated. It
definitely can’t be set up by a small number of descendants. I can get Queen
Mystic and Miss Sharron to monitor Backlund’s underground market and
see if there are any abnormal trades of materials and personnel… Klein
nodded slightly and decided to find Miss Magician in a while. He could
also rush her writing.
North Borough, Phelps Street.
On a bench, a young man in a black trench coat and silk top hat was sitting
there with a thin face and a broad forehead. He looked at the withered and
yellow Intis parasol trees in a daze.
He wore a crystal-carved monocle on his right eye, looking rather refined.
At that moment, an elder who was heading to Saint Samuel Cathedral
stopped in his tracks when he saw that something was amiss. He asked
gently, “Young man, what are you worried about? You lost something in
this war?”
He suspected that the young man’s relatives, lover, or friends had died in
the air raid or during intense battles at the front lines. That was why he was
sitting alone by the side of the street, looking lost.
The young man raised his hand and pinched his monocle. He sighed and
shook his head.
“I’m just thinking about some rather complicated questions.”
“Are you a philosopher?” The old man was taken aback as he blurted out.
“No, but I often bring up philosophical problems for others, just like who I
am, where I am, and what’s my future.” The young man smiled calmly as
he continued to ponder. From time to time, he would purse his lips and
whisper silently.
The elder couldn’t understand him and could only shake his head. Under
the gaze of the stray dogs, sparrows, ants, and microbes in the air, he slowly
left.
The young man didn’t turn his head. His monocle reflected yellow leaves
that were floating down as he muttered to himself, “To Parasite …”To not
Parasite …”To Parasite …”To not Parasite …
“See the bait…” “Devour the bait…” “See the bait…” “Devour the bait…”
After getting the hair from Lawrence’s remains from Fors, and seeing the
horror stories of Backlund hospitals being serialized in the Tussock Times,
Klein entered a patient state. He also promised to send Miss Magician to a
new place next week to record new sights and customs.
Soon, a new week had arrived. After having his lunch, he planned to take a
short nap to prepare for the three o’clock Tarot Gathering.
At this moment, Reinette Tinekerr, who was holding four blonde, red-eyed
heads, walked out from the depths of the void. One of them had a linen bag
in its mouth.
“Who sent it?” Klein suddenly had an inexplicable feeling. He had a
complicated premonition as he didn’t immediately reach out to receive the
bag Miss Messenger was holding.
Reinette Tinekerr’s three free heads spoke one after another:
“The…” “Real…” “Mutated…”
“King…” “Of…” “Mushrooms…”
This string of words… I roughly understand what’s going on… Klein
controlled his expression of not baring his teeth as he slowly took the bag.
When he opened the bag, he wasn’t surprised to see copious amounts of
demons—no, mushrooms.
Some of them were white and full, as though they would spurt out milk
with a single poke. Some of them were black at the bottom and were
embedded with thin blood-colored lines and markings. Some of them were
covered in golden stars, and the mushroom cap was as large as a palm…
At that moment, the mushrooms were still squirming slightly, as though
they wanted to spread their hyphae and spores.
After swallowing his saliva, he picked up a letter that was surrounded by
mushrooms, and he started reading:
“My dear friend, Gehrman,
“I’ve finally completed your request. I’ve invented mushrooms that can be
planted in dark and harsh environments. They can grow by devouring the
flesh and blood of monsters, without any other conditions…
“Their descendants will be divided into two categories. The first type will
accumulate various kinds of poisons that cannot be eaten. However, they
can be used as a source of poison. The other type can be used for food after
being cooked at high temperatures through boiling, stewing, and frying.
You must remember not to eat it raw or before it’s cooked. Otherwise, they
will proliferate in your body, using your flesh and blood as a hotbed…
“In consideration of having a variety of flavors, I’ve invented eleven kinds
of mushrooms—some are rich in milk. This can be directly drunk. Some are
like beef. Heh heh, when frying them, there’s no need to provide any extra
oil. Some are as delicate as fish meat but without the bones. My suggestion
is to roast or boil it…
“All of these wouldn’t have been possible without your help. If I hadn’t
already advanced and become a Druid, I might’ve taken a few years, or
even more than a decade to resolve all the problems I encountered during
the experimentation process…
“If you have any other ideas that are suitable for me, please share them with
me.
Your friend forever,
Frank Lee.”
With the letter in hand, Klein fell silent for a long time. He looked up and
realized that Miss Messenger was still waiting.
He sighed silently and walked to the desk. He took out a piece of paper and
a pen and slowly wrote:
“…I’m very happy that you’ve succeeded. These mushrooms will help me
greatly. They will effectively reduce famine in certain areas…
“…I’m currently busy with some matters, so I don’t have any new ideas for
now…
“…Your friend,
Gehrman Sparrow…”
After folding the letter, he looked at Miss Messenger and hesitantly asked,
“How’s Frank Lee’s condition like now?”
The head that Reinette Tinekerr had previously failed to say anything spoke
first:
“Excited…”
The other three added, “Animated…” “Happy…”” Satisfied…”
Following that, the four heads said, “No longer…” “Afraid…” “Of being
buried…” “In soil…”
“Why?” Klein subconsciously asked.
The four blonde, red-eyed heads in Reinette Tinekerr’s hand spat out word
by word:
“He…” “Can…” “Extract…” “The…”
“Soil’s…” “Nutrients…” “And…” “Oxygen…”
Frank has really evolved quite a bit after becoming a Druid… For a
moment, Klein wasn’t sure if he should be happy for his friend, or if he
should grieve for the crew of the Future.
As he watched Miss Messenger leave, Klein forced himself to sleep through
Cogitation. Then, he woke up at 2:30 p.m. to prepare for this week’s Tarot
Gathering.
At three o’clock, dark red beams of light rose up from the ancient palace
above the gray fog and solidified into their corresponding figures.
Audrey immediately stood up, curtsied, and bowed towards the end of the
long bronze table.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool-”
As a senior Psychiatrist, she had great control over her emotions.
Furthermore, she hadn’t encountered any problems this week. She was
mainly seeking out donations, contacting pharmaceutical factories, and
organizing medical volunteers.
However, compared to the past, the cheerfulness and happiness she had
when making her greeting had decreased significantly.
The Fool Klein nodded slightly in response to the greetings from the
members of the Tarot Club. Following that, he cast his gaze at The Hermit.
He still owed this lady eight questions.
Cattleya bowed her head and said with an unfaultable attitude, “Honorable
Mr. Fool, there are still two questions this time.”
After obtaining approval, she continued, “The first question is, what is the
state of the devils in the Abyss?’
Queen Mystic’s first suspicion is that the emperor’s mausoleum is hidden in
the Abyss… This is identical to the emperor’s train of thought. She is
indeed his biological daughter… Unfortunately, there are no “citizens” that
can be controlled there… The Fool Klein muttered to himself inwardly as
he answered with an unchanging expression, “The current Abyss is a place
most Devils are unable to live in.”