Chapter 678

: Punishment
On the two sides of the ancient mottled bronze table, blurry figures
extended outward from the embrace of deep red beams of light before
turning corporeal. The surroundings remained as silent and empty as
always, as though no living creature had ever set foot there for millions of
years.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~” Audrey’s brisk and cheerful voice soon
resounded through the resplendent palace held up by stone columns.
Klein nodded his head with a smile, watching as the other members
expressed their greetings under Miss Justice’s lead.
Here, there was no doubt that The Hermit Cattleya appeared rather reticent.
Audrey’s read on her was that she had many things on her mind.
After the voices came to a stop and the members had taken their seats, The
Fool Klein swept Miss Justice a glance, making the Psychiatrist instantly
understand his intentions; hence, she didn’t raise her hand slightly and
speak out. Following that, he looked at Cattleya and chuckled indifferently.
“Tell Bernadette that she can use certain items in exchange for some
answers.”
Bernadette… After hearing this familiar name which was neither Queen
Mystic, the owner of Dawn, nor the leader of the Element Dawn, Cattleya
realized that Mr. Fool already knew everything. Her cheap tricks were laid
bare in front of “Him!”
This made her heart sink as she couldn’t help but feel an intense sense of
fear. She was temporarily at a loss in regard to the attitude or words that she
needed to show in response.
To her, Mr. Fool’s words were clear. Pass on the message, but only that one
message; nothing else. She wasn’t allowed to provide any other hints!
Cattleya believed she knew what “He” meant between the lines.
Bernadette? That’s a common name for Intis females. Who could it be?
What is the answer she wishes to exchange for? What relationship does she
have with Ma’am Hermit? Ma’am Hermit had privately made a request,
and Mr. Fool’s answer is “yes?” No, that’s not it. Definitely not it. If it’s a
private and reasonable request, Ma’am Hermit wouldn’t have mentioned it
specially in front of us. He would’ve directly replied to her prayers… “He”
is giving a warning? Audrey forgot to observe the other members as a
series of questions flashed through her mind. Following that, with her
acumen from the Spectator pathway, she grasped Mr. Fool’s true intentions.
Following that, she had a particular theory.
Ma’am Hermit had privately hinted about our Tarot Club to this Ma’am
Bernadette because she hopes to acquire some answers… Mr. Fool is very
displeased regarding this matter, so he pointed it out directly and gave this
first-time offender a warning?
Seriously, why would you divulge matters of the Gathering to others? I
haven’t even told Susie! This will bring danger to everyone! Thankfully, Mr.
Fool is around!
Audrey nearly puffed up her cheeks, forgetting her image and etiquette. For
the first time, she realized that not every Tarot Club member had a sense of
belonging like she did, showing such reverence and faith in Mr. Fool.
The Hanged Man Alger, The Magician Fors, and The Moon Emlyn also had
similar questions and theories, but their focus wasn’t the same.
As Alger anticipated what Mr. Fool would do, he began to wonder who this
Bernadette—a commonly seen female Intis name—represented. He was
curious as to why the reserved Hermit would risk divulging some
information on the Tarot Club. While Fors was worried if the existence of
the Tarot Club would be exposed, she also instantly imagined a spy and
double spy story. Emlyn watched in schadenfreude, believing The Hermit to
be truly foolish.
Heh, even our Sanguine’s Ancestor treats Mr. Fool equally and had sent me
as an envoy to be nurtured. You aren’t even a demigod, but you attempted to
try pulling off cheap tricks under Mr. Fool’s watch? Do you have a death
wish? Indeed, I can’t understand the thoughts of short-lived creatures.
Emperor Roselle once said that bugs that can only live in summer have no
way of truly knowing what snow looks like… Emlyn sat back in a relaxed
manner as he didn’t hide the shaking of his head.
The Sun Derrick didn’t have many thoughts on the matter; all he felt was
that the mood wasn’t right. Out of curiosity and puzzlement, he asked, “Mr.
Fool, who’s Bernadette?”
Well asked! I thought Miss Justice would be the one asking. Yes, she seems
a little angry, which is why she doesn’t wish to speak… Klein silently
commended him as he casually answered, “Roselle’s eldest daughter;
“Owner of the Dawn;
“The leader of the Element Dawn.”
He mentioned all of Bernadette’s identities, making her appear without any
secrets before all the Tarot Club members.
And the reason why he had used “Owner of the Dawn” in place of Queen
Mystic was that Klein didn’t believe that The Fool should address
Bernadette as a queen.
The owner of the Dawn… Queen Mystic! She’s actually Emperor Roselle’s
eldest daughter! Ha, The Hermit, I can confirm that you are Admiral of
Stars Cattleya. So the rumors of you having a falling-out with Queen Mystic
are fake… Alger felt excited. He felt that the restriction and pressure he had
endured for the past three months had vanished at once.
This made his staid self mock The Hermit inwardly.
Emperor Roselle once said that those who play with fire will ultimately burn
themselves. And you, Admiral of Stars, dared to challenge a god’s
clairvoyance!
At that moment, Alger was rather thankful, thankful that although he had
attempted to pull off some cheap tricks and attempted to figure out Mr.
Fool’s identity, goals, and present state, he hadn’t involved any outsiders.
He hadn’t divulged any information, so he hadn’t suffered any punishment.
As he had introduced the Four Kings and the Seven Pirate Admirals,
Audrey and company just needed to recall in order to confirm that
Bernadette was Queen Mystic, a demigod that reigned supreme over the
Five Seas. They were also surprised that Emperor Roselle’s eldest daughter
would still be alive and had become an important figure that was known
throughout the world.
The answers that Queen Mystic wishes to obtain are hidden inside Roselle’s
diary? Combining everything that had happened and the words that were
said, Audrey vaguely guessed Bernadette’s goal, believing that the
emperor’s daughter wished to figure out the truth behind her father’s
assassination.
At this moment, Cattleya had already regained her ability to think. She
turned her body to face the end of the long bronze table and said without
any hopes that she could be let off, “Yes, I committed some mistakes. I will
not defend myself. It was indeed wrong.
“Mr. Fool, no matter how much you punish me or even kill me, I’ll accept
it.”
Hypocrite… If Mr. Fool really wishes to punish you, do you think you have
any means of resistance? Mr. Hanged Man scoffed on the opposite side of
the table. He could identify the problem with such a simple sentence.
Ma’am Hermit is still a little afraid… Audrey could notice the hidden fear
from the minute actions and words Cattleya had used.
To her, people who deliberately emphasized their willingness to be executed
were often afraid of dying right there and then.
Fors found her peace from The Fool’s calm attitude, believing that there
weren’t any leaks about the Tarot Club; or that the leaks weren’t anything
important. Hence, like Emlyn, she waited curiously and expectantly for the
punishment Mr. Fool would mete out.
Derrick remained clueless about what had happened, uncertain why Ma’am
Hermit would suddenly request to be punished.
At that moment, seeing Mr. Fool’s brief moment of silence, Cattleya
resisted her unease and lifted her head slightly, observing the existence
behind the thick gray fog without a trace, in an attempt to figure out “His”
true intentions so as to give a better response. She didn’t wish to make
another mistake again and provoke “Him,” making the situation
irredeemable.
The dark purple hue in her black eyes produced a sense of mystery as her
eyes penetrated through the gray fog and saw The Fool.
Suddenly, Cattleya’s eyes heated up as illusory blood bled from them.
A sinister, terrifying, and depraved language and an indescribable roar
sounded in her ears. It instantly filled her senses with extreme pain as her
body began to convulse and tremble uncontrollably.
Her face, hands, and the areas that weren’t concealed by her clothing had
quickly cracked opened, revealing her flesh and blood. Inside, black worms
and white moths squirmed before forming all kinds of indescribable eyes.
Cattleya’s cries and painful grunts resounded above the gray fog, causing
Alger, Emlyn, Fors, and company to exchange looks as though they could
sense the pain she was suffering.
Meanwhile, the blurry figure turned rather clear, allowing them to see The
Hermit’s mutation.
The disgusting and nasty scene frightened Audrey enough for her to look
away. She straightened her back and looked straight ahead without daring to
move.
Although the others didn’t have such an exaggerated response, they also
shared the same behavior.
The True Creator’s ravings are indeed useful… Klein, who was shrouded in
the thick gray fog, reflected from the bottom of his heart.
The reason why he hadn’t immediately replied to Cattleya’s request for
punishment, was because he wanted to confirm if there was anything
special about her eyes, whether they could see beyond what he allowed!
For this, he had stirred some of the mysterious space’s powers to be hidden
in the gray fog that shrouded him ahead of time. It was to connect anyone
who used a Beyonder power to see through the obstacle to Tinder!
This was equivalent to the owner of the Beyonder power directly observing
an item corrupted by the True Creator at a psyche level. Hence, with Klein
not using the gray fog to deliberately suppress the influence, Cattleya
naturally heard the True Creator’s ravings. Her “organ” which used the
Beyonder power was first severely damaged before she was imbued with
extreme pain, causing her mutation!
If Admiral of Stars hadn’t tried observing him, then the plan Klein had
prepared was to get her to apologize to every Tarot Club member, and also
to allow them to discuss a method of punishment in a democratic manner.
And regardless of how democratic it was, the major punishment would
ultimately be to stir some of the mysterious space’s powers to connect
Cattleya to Tinder!
After waiting two seconds, Klein knew it was enough. He gently lowered
his palms, allowing the gray fog to silently repress the True Creator’s
ravings and revert Cattleya’s mutation.
Admiral of Stars trembled as she calmed down at a discernible pace. The
cracks in her skin gradually closed as her thoughts returned to her, allowing
her to take in her surroundings once again.
At this moment, Alger said in a deep voice, as though he was warning
himself, “Do not pry into the mystery of God…”