Chapter 1422

: In Modern Day 20
“Looks delicious,” I politely say after retracting my gaze from the dried
mushrooms.
Then, I bid farewell to Bernie Huang and Cattie Huang and go to the
barbecue stall that I frequently dine at.
It still isn’t the time when the nightwalkers are most active. The small tables
placed on the streets are a lot emptier. I easily occupy one of them and
shout at the boss:
“I’d like to place my order!”
The boss focuses on grilling the skewers, completely unperturbed. The lady
boss walks over with a small notebook and a ballpoint pen.
Without exchanging pleasantries or any small talk, I directly say, “Ten
sticks of pork belly, ten sticks of pork ribs, five sticks of chicken skin, one
set of chives, and one eggplant.”
The beef kebabs and lamb skewers at this barbecue stall aren’t very good,
so I didn’t order them.
Of course, the amount of food I ordered has already exceeded my initial
expectations, but it doesn’t matter. Not only did I save tens of thousands of
dollars from the exorcism today, but I even earned more than 10,000 yuan
from Miss Huang.
I have to treat myself!
As a normal person, after ordering so many meat dishes, I should always
have some vegetarian dishes. I need to balance my diet with some greens.
As for eggplants, I don’t view them as vegetables. They transcend the
concept of vegetables and meat dishes, and are unique existences in the
barbecue world.
Sigh, Miss Huang is really generous. If I wasn’t worried that CEO Huang
would overreact, I would really like to add her on WeChat and ask her to
trouble me more often. If there are any commissions, then just hand them to
me. Of course, I can’t take on things that are illegal and matters that go
below the neck… I watch as the lady boss returns to the grill and repeats
what I had just ordered.
Looking around, I notice that the other tables are occupied by groups of
twos or threes. There are also people like me who eat barbecue alone, but
they choose to have it “to go,” so as to eat it at home.
Hmm, it’s good to have more people. That will allow us to eat a greater
variety of food. We can even have a few drinks… I ponder for a while and
feel that I should get someone to join me.
Then, I suddenly think of a suitable candidate:
Peng Deng!
My childhood friend Peng Deng who lives nearby!
Without hesitation, I take out my phone and send him a WeChat message:
“Come out for barbecue!”
With my understanding of this fellow, he definitely won’t let go of the
opportunity to rip me off.
However, Peng Deng doesn’t reply to my message.
He’s in a ranked game? I randomly guess the reason for this and start
thinking about who else I could invite.
In this city, I don’t only have Peng Deng as a friend, but the rest of them
live quite far away. It doesn’t seem like a good idea to get someone to take
a taxi all the way here to eat barbecue at around eleven in the evening. After
all, I don’t have anything to discuss with them, and I didn’t make an
appointment beforehand.
It might be better to just eat by myself… I stand up and prepare to go to the
nearby FamilyMart, Lawson, or a local mini-mart to buy some drinks.
How can I not have cold drinks with barbecue?
A few years ago, when the roadside stalls weren’t under strict supervision,
there was usually a mobile ice box placed beside these barbecue stalls.
Then, they would lay some cables to siphon off electricity from somewhere
to sell iced beer and various cold beverages. Not only was it convenient for
customers, but they could also earn some extra money.
Unfortunately, it’s difficult for such situations to happen now, unless it’s a
barbecue shop with a shop front.
Looking around, I decide to head to the nearest local mini-mart.
“Boss, help me watch my seat. I’m going to buy some drinks.” I inform the
lady boss, worried that there wouldn’t be a place to sit when I return later.
“Okay.” The lady boss isn’t worried that I would run away. My order is still
being roasted. Even if I don’t want it anymore, there will still be many
people who can have it.
When I’m almost at the entrance of the mini-mart, my phone vibrates.
Taking it out, I see that Peng Deng has finally replied:
“Don’t you have a nightlife?”
“Do you?” I respond reflexively.
“Of course. My girlfriend is at my place here today,” Peng Deng replies
quickly.
Following that, he sends another message:
“Eating supper isn’t good for your health. Take it easy!”
“Bring your girlfriend along.” I emphasize, “I’m treating!”
“Ah, okay, we’ll be right there.” Peng Deng never needs to use transitional
words in his speech.
“Hurry up. Also, what do you want to drink?” I ask.
Peng Deng doesn’t reply immediately. He only sends a message after I enter
the mini-mart.
“I’m not coming. My girlfriend says she’s on a diet and doesn’t eat supper.”
“She already looks so thin, why would she need to go on a diet?” I think for
a while and reply: “You can come alone.”
Peng Deng sent ellipses:
“…
“She said that this is flaunting, a great insult towards her.”
Tch! I despise this adulterous pair for two seconds before deliberately
saying:
“Show me your masculinity!”
“…Alright, I’ll show you my masculinity.” Peng Deng replies quickly.
Oh, has the world turned upside down today? I’m stunned.
Then, Peng Deng sends a message:
“As a man, since I said I’m not coming, it means I’m not coming!”
“…” I’m speechless.
Putting my phone away, I head to the freezer and fridge to consider what to
drink.
Frankly speaking, I don’t like alcohol, but it’s not that I can’t drink it; it’s
just that I don’t like it and feel that it tastes bad.
Therefore, unless it’s a request from a friend, I won’t expressly buy alcohol.
In all these years, there are only two types of alcohol that suits my taste:
One is rice wine, and the other is ice wine.
The thing they have in common is…
Sweetness!
As my gaze shifts, I see a strange man.
He’s actually wearing a shirt, vest, suit, and pants in the middle of the night,
as if he had just attended a business dinner.
This stands out in the stark contrast with a mini-mart or barbecue stall.
Oh, his eyes are red. He’s quite handsome… I tsk and retract my gaze.
What does his attire have to do with me!?
At this moment, the young man walks over.
He hesitates for a moment before asking, “Hello, can you give me
directions to the nearest hospital?”
“You don’t know the way?” I’m surprised.
The man answers with hesitation, “I just moved here.”
“Oh.” I point to the door. “Turn right and walk straight when you’re out.
You’ll be able to see the hospital when you turn right at the crossroads.”
“Thank you.” The man nods politely.
I don’t watch him leave as I continue to lower my head and choose my
drink.
After careful consideration, I buy a can of pineapple beer.
These beverages are divided into two types: one is pineapple-flavored beer,
while the other is pineapple-flavored carbonated drinks which don’t contain
any alcohol. It only contains a slight beer taste to drive away the heat.
Without a doubt, I choose the latter.
After exiting the mini-mart and returning to the stall, I wait for a while
longer before I finally see my barbecue.
Just as I’m about to enjoy it, a figure appears in front of me.
The red-eyed man in the three-piece suit walks over and politely asks,
“Hello, can you give me directions to the nearest hospital?”
“…You just asked me.” I point that out.
The man seems to finally recognize me. His expression changes as he blurts
out, “I’m lost again…”
Why are you saying “again?” I wonder.