Chapter 1261

No One Is an Exception
After a while, Klein asked, “The Primordial One is the one who created this
world, transforming ‘His’ body into everything?”
To be frank, Klein subconsciously wanted to ask if the entity referred to the
Primordial Demoness. However, with a thought, he eliminated this answer.
Firstly, because the Primordial Demoness didn’t have the necessary level to
strike fear into the ancient sun god, the City of Silver’s Creator. Even the
Evernight Goddess couldn’t do so. Secondly, after the Dark Angel entered
“His” slumber, this evil goddess was born only in the Fourth Epoch which
had been influenced by the second Blasphemy Slate. Sasrir likely didn’t
know of her “Her.” And even if “He” knew “Her” using his omniscient
capabilities, “He” wouldn’t specially mention a Sequence 0 who hadn’t
been involved in the Third Epoch.
Behind the thick and sinister shadows, the brass eyes flashed in unison.
“The universe.”
What do you mean? Upon hearing that ethereal voice, Klein was a little
perplexed. He felt that Dark Angel Sasrir hadn’t answered his question.
But very quickly, he roughly understood what the other party meant.
The Primordial Chaos created not this world, but the entire universe!
So, “Primordial One” refers to the original Creator—the Oldest One? Klein
turned his body to the side and swept a glance at the three demigods of the
City of Silver, Colin Iliad, Derrick, and Lovia. He realized that they had
looks of puzzlement and confusion on their faces. They were frowning and
contemplating over the meaning behind the conversation.
In the history of the City of Silver, the Creator who was the ancient sun god
was equivalent to the original Creator—the Oldest One. “He” was a
supreme existence who had awoken after eons of slumber upon creating the
world. “He” then stripped the authorities of the ancient gods and retrieved
them.
Of course, in a sense, this wasn’t wrong. It was just that the original
Creator’s method of “awakening” was different from what the City of
Silver residents had imagined.
The universe… Klein thought for a moment and asked, “The Primordial
One awakened in your body because of you gaining control of Chaos Sea?”
Then, what would happen to him in the future considering how he had
gained initial control of Sefirah Castle?
Those brass eyes stared at him for a few seconds before saying, “That isn’t
the only reason. The higher the Sequence, the closer one is to the Primordial
One…”
Therefore, every pathway’s King of Angels and Sequence 0 might have the
original Creator—the Oldest One—awaken in them? When Klein heard
that, he tensed up and his heart sank.
He then thought of another matter.
The higher the Sequence, the easier it was to be corrupted by the things
underground!
Combined with the fact that Chaos Sea was underground, could it be
possible that the higher the Sequence, the easier it would be to be
influenced by Chaos Sea, resulting in the original Creator awakening in
one’s body? The thing that the Dragon of Imagination Ankewelt sealed in
the City of Miracles in Groselle’s Travels wasn’t the underground
corruption, but the awakening of the original Creator? Of course, this is the
most powerful and terrifying form of corruption… And the source of all this
is where most or perhaps all Beyonder characteristics originated from—the
original Creator. They are all part of “His” body? Klein thought of various
possibilities and came up with all kinds of speculations.
In the end, he remembered the warning Captain Dunn Smith made before
he embarked on this Beyonder path:
“We are guardians, but also a bunch of miserable wretches that are
constantly fighting against threats and madness.”
At that moment, Klein gained a deep understanding of the phrase from
another angle.
Phew… He secretly exhaled and sighed inwardly.
“The Beyonder characteristic is both a gift and a curse…”
He gathered his thoughts and smiled.
“Will one be corrupted from just learning about these matters?”
“No.” The brass eyes looked at Colin Iliad and the others and said, “It just
means that the chances of the Primordial One awakening in your body is
higher.”
When he heard that, he was shocked. On the other hand, he was glad that
the City of Silver’s Chief and Little Sun didn’t know much about such
matters and hadn’t made any connections; after all, the phrase “higher the
Sequence, the closer one is to the Primordial One” didn’t bring about any
corruption. On the other hand, he felt a deep sense of pity for himself. This
was because he knew too much about mysticism. Now with all of that
chained together, he had no idea what kind of negative changes might
happen to him once he left the Giant King’s Court, an ancient god’s
kingdom.
Furthermore, this didn’t look like something that could be resolved by
sealing his memories. After all, the Beyonder characteristic had already
fused with his body and spirit.
Consider the method employed by the Dragon of Imagination? Actually, I
don’t need to worry too much. Amon and “His” brother definitely know
about this, and nothing has happened to “Them” yet… As long as I don’t
approach Chaos Sea, as a Sequence 3, I don’t need to worry about such
problems. It would be the same even if I were to advance to Sequence 2…
After some thought, Klein gave up the intention to delve deeper into the
matter. He curled the corners of his lips and diverted the topic to the
mystery of the ancient sun god’s perishing:
“Therefore, under your tacit agreement, you worked with the Evernight
Goddess and established Rose Redemption, preparing to assassinate
yourself. By reviving and escaping the Primordial One, you will truly gain
control of Chaos Sea and the corresponding five Beyonder pathways?”
On the dark, eerie, shadowy curtains, there seemed to be some human
emotions in those brass eyes.
“That’s right.
“Not long after I walked out of Chaos Sea, I realized this problem. I
deliberately split a portion of my persona, fusing the authorities of
Degeneration with The Hanged Man pathway’s Beyonder characteristic,
creating another me. Its purpose was to control Chaos Sea and to isolate it
from my true body to prevent any contamination and corruption.
“But in the end, the Primordial One still awoke in my body…”
The Dark Angel is essentially the ancient sun god’s firewall? The Hanged
Man pathway refers to the Secrets Suppliant pathway? Back then, the Dark
Angel must have been really powerful. “He” actually had partial control of
Chaos Sea. As expected of a King of Angels… As Klein sighed, he recalled
that the ancient sun god had failed to prevent the original Creator—the
Oldest One—from awakening in “His” body despite working so hard. He
also felt a sense of horror, not daring to imagine what his future held.
“That’s why I convened Leodero, Aucuses, Herabergen, Medici, and
Ouroboros, inviting the various deities and Kings of Angels with Amanises
to establish the Rose Redemption.” The voice left behind by Dark Angel
Sasrir echoed hoarsely.
It’s no wonder it’s called redemption… It’s no wonder Kings of Angels like
Medici and Ouroboros, who are completely loyal to the ancient sun god,
would participate as well… Klein couldn’t help but smile.
“Why didn’t you invite Amon and ‘His’ brother?”
In theory, ‘They’ should be on the Dark Angel’s side.
“‘Their’ births were a result of my hard work to resist the Primordial One. I
was worried that inviting ‘Them’ would bring about an accident.” The
brass-colored eyes then cast their gaze back onto Klein.
These secrets left the three demigods of the City of Silver in a daze. Even
the Chief of the six-member council, who had read quite a number of
ancient documents, had emotional upheavals despite all his knowledge and
rich experience.
So that’s the case. I knew that the ancient sun god wouldn’t have children
for no reason… It wasn’t easy for Klein to control his Virtual Persona from
voicing the thought out loud.
Before he could ask another question, the spirit left behind by Dark Angel
Sasrir seemed to sink into “His” memories as “He” continued, “After I was
finished preparing everything, I entered this place and sealed off the palace.
I returned to my body through my slumber and strengthened my
consciousness. It formed a balance with the Primordial One, creating an
opportunity for Amanises and the others…
“Ultimately, ‘They’ successfully killed me…
“According to my original plan, I would’ve been revived in the Giant
King’s Court. I would accommodate the corresponding Uniquenesses and
Beyonder characteristics via the correct method, but Leodero, Aucuses, and
Herabergen betrayed me and ate my body. I could only rush to fuse with my
extreme emotions before dying, in which I was reborn within the corpse. I
then took away the Beyonder characteristics of the Hanged Man pathway
and the authority of Degeneration…”
It’s similar to what I imagined… The Lord of Storms, Eternal Blazing Sun,
and the God of Knowledge and Wisdom eventually committed a betrayal.
It’s no wonder that Ma’am Hermit’s fairy tale magic was effective… With a
sudden realization, Klein felt that most of the fog in the history of the Third
Epoch had been cleared.
Of course, this was just his belief, nothing real. This was because he had no
way of making contact with the fog of history.
After sighing, he suddenly thought of a question.
Since Dark Angel Sasrir has returned to the ancient sun god and has
evolved into the True Creator with “His” original body, then who’s the one
sleeping on the iron-black throne now?
Why did the True Creator force me to enter the Giant King’s residence to
meet Sasrir?
As his thoughts raced, he cast his gaze back to the iron-black throne,
carefully inspecting Dark Angel Sasrir’s condition.
The layers of illusory black wings that covered more than half of Sasrir’s
body gently rose and fell, revealing a layer of grayish-white.
It was located on the black throne, hidden to the right of the Dark Angel,
giving off an extremely ancient feeling.
Klein’s eyes focused his eyes as he stared at it intently. He quickly
confirmed that the grayish-white came from a strange stone. Its surface was
mottled with the ravages of time, and it was engraved with words that he
had never learned before but could understand at a glance.
These words seemed to be the source of all languages, including but not
limited to Jotun, Hermes, ancient Feysac and the Southern Continent’s
Dutanese.
Sequence 3 Demon of Arcana… Sequence 2 Master… Sequence 1 Light of
Darkness… Sequence 0 Paragon… A small amount of information flashed
in Klein’s mind as he suddenly had a realization.
Blasphemy Slate!
The first Blasphemy Slate!
The first Blasphemy Slate that was born in Chaos Sea!
And this was very likely a key item that the Dark Angel used to control
parts of Chaos Sea!
Just as this thought surfaced in his mind, Klein suddenly felt the
surroundings become unusually quiet.
The brass eyes that were hidden on the surface of the shadowy curtains
seemed to disappear.
Klein’s gaze subconsciously shifted upwards to meet a pair of eyes hidden
in the shadows.
The Dark Angel Sasrir, who was sleeping on the black throne, opened his
eyes.
With a boom, Elder Lovia’s body collapsed, turning into a huge shadow.
Behind the shadow, there was a pair of blank but painful eyes.