Chapter 1298

Departure
As the residents of Constant were stunned by the miracle in front of them,
Klein had already carried his suitcase and left the city with Arrodes.
After creating such a huge commotion, he was worried that Zaratul would
lock onto his location, so he didn’t dare to stay any longer.
With his present level and strength, he wasn’t too afraid of fighting Zaratul
head-on. However, he didn’t wish to be ambushed. For Beyonders of the
Seer pathway, being prepared and not was completely different. Once Klein
revealed his location and didn’t leave in time, an unprepared him would end
up facing Zaratul. He could imagine that even if he was now Sefirah
Castle’s owner and still had one more resurrection chance, there was also a
huge risk of completely perishing.
Furthermore, he didn’t know what state Amon was in right now. Was he still
being pursued by the True Creator? Was it possible for him to suddenly
appear by his side and steal everything?
Due to this thought, Klein once again embarked on his journey.
…
In the basement of a house in Southville County.
The few Sequence 7 Beyonders of the Abraham family gathered here
according to a prior agreement.
“…That’s pretty much it.” Dorian Gray shared what Mr. Door had said in
its entirety through his student, Fors. “The years of exile and being sealed
was enough to drive the Ancestor crazy. He only occasionally regains
lucidity. Even just directly speaking to ‘Him’ can result in mental corruption
from ‘His’ evil intent.”
A man wearing gold-rimmed glasses looking like a university professor
sighed.
“So that’s the reason…”
His expression revealed some relief, as if he could finally admit that the
curse was a result of the Ancestor’s pleas for help.
After a one-second pause, the man said with a determined expression, “We
have to think of a way to help the Ancestor escape. This way, our curse will
be completely removed.”
“Verdu, are you crazy? If a crazy King of Angels returns, it will destroy the
entire family!” Dorian couldn’t help but chide him.
The man named Verdu looked at the other family members and said with a
sullen expression, “That’s why we have to hurry. While the Ancestor still
has a portion of ‘His’ lucidity, we should let ‘Him’ return to the real world!
“Once ‘He’ escapes from ‘His’ exiled, sealed state and has enough anchors,
‘He’ would definitely gradually regain ‘His’ rationality.
“Dorian, you’ve degenerated! You no longer wish to restore the glory of our
family, to allow us to return to the apex of the Northern and Southern
Continent. You only wish to live a stable but mediocre life! Besides, can
you be sure that Mr. Fool will keep providing blessings? Perhaps one day,
‘He’ will be like the seven deities who won’t respond to most prayers.”
Dorian fell silent for a few seconds.
“However, the risk in this area will definitely be lower than helping the
Ancestor escape. Ever since I believed in Mr. Fool and sincerely prayed to
‘Him,’ I haven’t been affected by the full moon ravings for many months. If
not for the fact that I’m no longer young, I’d even have the confidence of
consuming a Sequence 6 Scribe potion.
“Even so, given time, I still have a good chance of advancing.
“If someone like me who’s older than a certain age can do it, our next
generation and their descendants will definitely be able to break free from
our original restrictions and have a chance to become demigods.”
Hearing Dorian’s words, the two men and two ladies other than Verdu
nodded in agreement.
They had already made some of their descendants believe in Mr. Fool, and
through a few months of observation, they were certain that it was effective.
They were planning on praying to Mr. Fool themselves.
Noticing Verdu’s nasty expression, Dorian softened his tone and said,
“More importantly, we don’t have the strength to complete the ritual at all.
A demigod of any pathway is not easy to deal with. Among them, the
corresponding demigods of the Seer and Marauder are cunning, bizarre, and
dangerous. Even if we’re willing to sacrifice ourselves and use a Grade 0
Sealed Artifact, it’s difficult to capture them.”
Verdu nudged his gold-rimmed spectacles and slowly exhaled.
“I won’t stop you from changing your faith to The Fool. If you can get that
existence’s help to aid the Ancestor’s escape, that would be the best
development. But before that, I will do my best to prepare the ritual.
Dorian, you have to remember that the bloodline and glory of the Abraham
family comes from the Ancestor. Without “Him,” there will be no us.
“If this matter requires a sacrifice, then I’ll do it.”
He stood up, put on his hat, and walked out of the basement.
Dorian watched him leave and finally sighed.
“Verdu has been studying all kinds of mysticism information, hoping to find
a way to completely resolve the family’s curse. I believe that such
persistence is already in his blood…”
The other Abraham family members nodded in unison.
“After he confirms that he can’t complete the ritual, he should give up…”
They too hoped that Verdu would succeed, but they found it virtually
impossible.
…
On Blue Mountain Island where Bayam was located, the private harbor that
originally belonged to the Resistance.
A group of workers, who had just finished laying the gas pipes, were just
about to find a place to rest and wait for the carriage sent by the Church of
the Sea God to ferry them back to Bayam when they saw the half-giants
purportedly from the northern Feysac’s islands carry heavy, grayish-white
stone materials. Each step left an imprint on the land.
These workers had participated in the construction of harbors, cathedrals,
and art museums, so they knew how heavy the grayish-white stone
materials were.
They remembered that, even with the help of logs, horses, and machinery, it
was very difficult for people to transport such stone materials. Yet, the half-
giants held them as easily as holding toys.
This display of strength was simply ridiculous.
When Derrick saw that the outer walls and some of the buildings of the
town had been built under the efforts of the City of Silver’s reconnaissance
team, he nodded and said to Liaval and Candice, “It’s time to return to the
City of Silver and tell the Chief about the situation here.”
None of the members of the City of Silver’s reconnaissance team objected.
They were very excited as they agreed with Elder Derrick’s decision.
Although they hadn’t been here for long, they had long fallen in love with
this new “hometown.” They had fallen in love with the warmth of the sun in
the day and the peace of the crimson moon in the night. They couldn’t wait
to let their family and friends experience it and enjoy it.
Upon seeing this, Derrick subconsciously straightened his back. He
controlled himself and didn’t let his smile appear. He calmly said to
Candice, “Come back to the City of Silver with me and tell the Chief and
the other Elders of the six-member council about the situation here.
“Oh, you too, Jinord. Liaval, you’re in charge of maintaining order here.”
He was worried that he wouldn’t be able to convince the current Chief,
Waite Chirmont, and company, so he decided on bringing two companions
with him.
After settling the corresponding matters, Derrick led Candice and Jinord to
a secluded spot in the new City of Silver. He lowered his head, clasped his
hands, and prayed to Mr. Fool, making a wish to return to the City of Silver
immediately.
Without a sound, the scene around them became blurry and stretched. Then,
it immediately fixed and quickly became clear.
In front of their eyes, they saw a city wall with weeds fluttering in the air.
In just a few seconds, Derrick and his two subordinates returned to the
entrance of the City of Silver.
…This is a miracle… Candice rubbed her eyes with a hand that wasn’t
holding a weapon, and marveled from the bottom of her heart.
She had imagined many ways of returning to the City of Silver, but she had
never thought of returning so directly.
To her, this was a miracle bestowed by a deity.
Jinord shook the glass lantern in his hand and muttered without thinking,
“This is much brighter than the beast hide lantern…”
Before he could finish his sentence, he came to his senses and revealed a
pure smile without a hint of gloominess.
This time, they would be the messengers of dawn who would lead the
residents of the City of Silver out of the Forsaken Land of the Gods.
Derrick heaved a sigh of relief and maintained his stern expression.
“Let’s immediately find the Chief and arrange for everyone to carry out the
migration.”
He had heard Mr. Hanged Man talk about many matters that failed at the
cusp of success. He didn’t wish for the City of Silver to have such an
outcome.
As such, all the other matters had to be done as quickly as possible.
When they passed through the door, the City of Silver residents in charge of
guarding the door looked curiously at the three scouts and saw hope from
their rosy, glowing faces.
“Did Liaval and the others not come back?” Someone asked worriedly,
afraid that the other members of the reconnaissance team had already
sacrificed themselves.
Derrick simply replied, “They’ve remained in the outside world to build a
temporary camp.”
The guards didn’t ask further, afraid that they would delay their time. They
watched as Derrick and company headed for the twin towers.
Not long after, Derrick, Candice, and Jinord saw Chief Waite Chirmont and
the other members of the six-member council. They described the key
points of what they saw and heard in the outside world.
At the end of the report, they even took out pocket watches, music boxes,
and other exquisite machinery to prove it.
The members of the six-member council other than the 2.5-meter-tall Waite
Chirmont, who had a tattooed symbol on his head, and Derrick, looked at
each other and sighed.
“Your experience is like a dream. No, I can’t even dream of such a scene.”
With that said, he solemnly asked, “Has the dungeon meant to store the
Sealed Artifacts been constructed?”
“That was the first building we completed.” Derrick gave an extremely
clear answer.
Waite nodded slightly and immediately issued an order.
“Get everyone to bring their necessary items and gather at the training
ground.
“To prevent any accidents, we will directly pray to Mr. Fool and ask him to
transfer us over.”
Having said that, Waite pondered for a moment and said, “Mr. Fool has
previously sent a revelation to let us wait for another three hours for the
ancient survivors from Moon City to rendezvous with us. However, this
doesn’t affect our preparations ahead of time.
“Also, tell everyone that the environment in Moon City is very tough. Many
of them have deformities. We have to look at them normally.”
Although the City of Silver had the Black-Faced Grass as their staple, they
would eat the flesh of monsters from time to time to replenish their
strength. This made them occasionally have deformed children. Therefore,
everyone was no stranger to this phenomenon.
“Alright!” The other members of the six-member council responded
without any hesitation, revealing an irresistible, excited expression.
This time, they were no longer seeing the light, but were directly
welcoming the day.