Chapter 1344

Humanity
Seeing that there weren’t any abnormalities in the town of marionettes,
Klein began thinking about Miss Justice’s encounter.
It wasn’t Adam who set up an attack against Ariehogg, but Hermes who
masterminded it?
Otherwise, it wouldn’t be possible for Adam to not descend. It would also
be impossible for Ariehogg to escape so easily. “He” had to rely on the
second City of Miracles to have some hope of doing so.
If Hermes was the mastermind, the development of this whole episode
becomes logical… Hermes never thought of capturing or killing Ariehogg.
“He” only hopes to learn some information from this ancient mind dragon.
When Ariehogg said “Adam isn’t necessarily Adam,” the operation came to
a natural end.
Yes, from the looks of it, Hermes already had some doubts about Adam’s
true state. However, due to the limitations of “His” status, “He” has been
unable to make Ariehogg appear on “His” own accord, so “He” used Miss
Justice.
Adam isn’t necessarily Adam; Ariehogg isn’t necessarily Ariehogg… This
sentence is very interesting. The upper echelons of the Spectator pathway
are more mysterious than Seers. Back then, Dragon of Imagination
Ankewelt clearly occupied Sequence 0, but “He” had a Sequence 1 son of
the same pathway as “Him”—Dragon of Nightmare, Alzuhod…
If Adam really isn’t Adam, then who is “He”? Is it that Adam from the myth
in the time before the First Epoch, or part of the Primordial One? Or is
“He” related to the resurrection of the ancient sun god? From the looks of it,
the meaning behind why Medici addresses “Him” as a zealot has a far more
profound meaning…
Klein quickly conjured a gold coin and flicked it into the air, making a
divination.
The results of the divination indicated that today’s development was
nothing dangerous.
Klein immediately dispersed the gold coin and prepared to descend his
consciousness into his body beneath Saint Arianna Cathedral.
At this moment, his actions became slightly sluggish.
The moment Miss Justice met Ariehogg and Hermes was almost
simultaneous as the moment the MI9 personnel returned to Utopia to testify
in court.
Just looking at them individually, there was no problem; but the word
“simultaneous” made Klein somewhat alert.
He was very sensitive to words like “happened to,” “coincidence,”
“simultaneous,” and “almost the same.” This was a mark left behind by his
past experiences.
He tapped his finger on the edge of the long mottled table and decided to
make preparations for his worries.
He quickly condensed a light that contained certain words and some kind of
will, and he threw it into a prayer light.
After doing this, Klein made his consciousness sink and left Sefirah Castle,
allowing his mind to return to his original body.
Immediately after, he began to influence Utopia. He planned to use all sorts
of arrangements to temporarily make all the foreigners “leave.”
This way, even if anything happened, it wouldn’t affect the innocent.
This also meant that Klein was prepared to abandon Utopia and change
locations to rebuild his marionette town. After all, a ritual could be repeated
many times, but he could only afford one resurrection.
…
“Have a good rest for the next two days. There’s still some time left before
court begins.” Biles sent Wendel to the entrance of the Irises Hotel.
Wendel replied with a smile, “I’m already feeling sleepy.”
It was in the middle of the night. He had trouble sleeping previously
because of his anxiety and nervousness. That was why he thought of
walking around the headquarters of MI9 to ease his mood. However, when
he heard the conversation between his colleagues at night, it triggered an
eruption in his emotions, and he decided to return to Utopia and face the
problem.
After checking in, Wendel took his luggage and went to the third floor.
When he passed through the door, he vaguely felt that his surroundings
were abnormally dark.
In order to sleep better, Wendel walked to the window and drew the
curtains.
During this process, he felt that the scenery outside the window was
unusually familiar.
However, under the cover of the night, he couldn’t tell what was happening
too clearly. Thinking that it might have been the scene he had seen in
Utopia previously, he covered his mouth with his hand and yawned. He
took off his clothes and walked towards the bed.
…
Monica slept until midnight when she suddenly needed to pee.
Unable to hold it in any longer, she eventually got out of bed and walked
towards her room’s attached bathroom.
When she pushed the bathroom door open, she found it a little heavier.
Rubbing her eyes that were almost unable to open, Monica didn’t care
about this small change. She quickly relieved herself and ran out of the
bathroom to her bed.
When she entered the covers, she felt that the temperature was much lower
and she had no choice but to wrap herself up tightly in layers.
It didn’t take long for her to fall asleep again.
…
About 15 minutes later, the patrolling Biles rubbed his hands and turned
towards the street where the police station was. He was about to hand over
duties with his colleagues.
Suddenly, his body froze in the alley.
The black and dense Spirit Body Threads on his body peeled off at the same
time as they floated upwards.
A pruned and exquisite paper figurine landed and connected to the Spirit
Body Threads, quickly turning into another Biles.
At the same time, a torrent of mixed knowledge surged over and
reassembled him into a man wearing gorgeous clothes with long chestnut
hair.
The man had blue eyes, a high nose bridge, and thin lips. It was Roselle
Gustav’s Sequence 1 historical projection.
Right on the heels of that, the projection reached out and sucked all the
information in the surroundings into its palm, forming an illusory ball of
light.
This information included all the details that involved Biles.
In the next second, Roselle Gustav’s historical projection forged a piece of
information that was completely normal, allowing it to follow the Spirit
Body Threads connected to the paper figurine to the Saint Arianna
Cathedral in the municipal square, moving straight underground of the
cathedral.
After this series of actions, another torrent of information surged in midair.
With Roselle’s help, they reformed into three figures.
A middle-aged man wearing a black robe and a hood with a long, thick,
white beard; another, who was draped in a cloak, had black hair, blue eyes,
and a rather squarish face. He was a middle-aged man with a dignified
bearing; on one of the trees, there was a huge tree that seemed to be
drenched with petroleum. On the tree, there were arms with all sorts of
strange protruding objects that rolled with bloodshot eyes.
“They” were:
The leader of the Secret Order, Zaratul!
Loen’s Protector, the first King, William Augustus I’s historical projection!
A historical projection of Abomination Suah!
After making the necessary preparations, Zaratul used the location provided
by the historical projection to sneak into Utopia.
“He” didn’t waste any time. “He” reached out with “His” right hand and
used the law of convergence of Beyonder characteristics to suck out the
Worm of Spirit in Biles.
Elsewhere, the palm of Abomination Suah’s historical projection made an
ugly doll the size of a palm appear.
The doll was wet and sticky. It had no eyes, ears, or nose. It only had a
pinhole-like mouth that emitted and sucked grayish-white fog.
As the Worm of Spirit and the doll approached, the black-and-white
eyeballs that rolled out on the Suah tree trunk looked at them at the same
time.
Silently, the Worm of Spirit fused with the ugly doll, causing it to distort as
it squirmed, growing out eyes, nose, and ears, making it look like Klein
Moretti.
At this point, Zaratul no longer did any concealment, nor could “He” do so.
“He” took out a black shroud and abruptly wrapped Klein’s doll up!
All the marionette’s Spirit Body Threads in Utopia were severed at the same
time—they were unable to connect to the true body.
This wasn’t because there was something wrong with them, but that the true
body was isolated from them.
All of a sudden, the duty personnel in the police station, tenants in the hotel,
Tracey and the thieves in the cell, Anderson in another apartment, Alzu, and
the other citizens all stopped breathing and turned stiff.
Regardless of whether they were sleeping or doing something else, it was as
if a pause button had been pressed.
Klein, who was at the bottom of Saint Arianna Cathedral, suddenly woke
up. He knew that an accident had happened.
He didn’t hesitate. With a thought, he returned to Sefirah Castle. With the
level and strength of a King of Angels, he was able to resist enemies that
had shown or had yet to show themselves.
This was the best choice in the current situation.
Even if he wasn’t able to protect his true body, Klein still had a chance to
revive.
At that moment, his floating consciousness touched an invisible, dark
barrier, making it difficult to penetrate it and enter Sefirah Castle.
This… Klein’s heart tightened, believing that the enemy might be more
troublesome than he had imagined.
Few high-level existences knew he could return to Sefirah Castle with a
thought!
In the next second, the thick, petroleum-slathered tree had arrived above
Saint Arianna Cathedral.
In addition, a deep and dignified voice resounded:
“Wandering is prohibited here!
“Teleportation is prohibited here!
“…”
Klein wasn’t led by his emotions. Seeing that he couldn’t return to Sefirah
Castle at the moment, he immediately changed his strategy and leaped
towards the fog of history.
The moment the grayish-white fog entered his eyes, it turned into a
whirlpool formed by countless transparent maggots. The vortex extended
out slippery tentacles covered with strange patterns.
Unlike previously, the vortex emitted a powerful suction force, causing
Klein’s figure to speed up and be entangled by countless tentacles.
Law of Beyonder characteristics convergence!
The law of Beyonder characteristic convergence between angels!
A subtle beam of light flashed as Klein, who was firmly controlled by
Zaratul’s Mythical Creature form, turned into a paper figurine.
This was an angel-level application of Paper Figurine Substitutes, as well as
the help of “Grafting.”
Although Klein couldn’t return to Sefirah Castle, he could influence the
Worms of Spirit above the gray fog, allowing them to use the “curtain” to
provide help.
After dodging Zaratul’s fatal blow, Klein ran into the fog of history and fled
towards the former metropolis from a time before the First Epoch.
At this moment, many marionettes, who had been dead for a long time in
Utopia, rapidly decayed from losing the Spirit Body Threads maintaining
them. Their limbs dropped to the ground or mutated because of their
Beyonder characteristics. The latter transformed into different monsters,
ones far more terrifying than imaginable.
Some swallowed their heads; others were left with only squirming flesh,
while others grew dense eyes…
Soon, Klein ran into the old metropolis situated inside the fog of history.
To him, this was a safe room that could be trusted. This was because only a
Scholar of Yore who was a human from before history could enter.
Without any hesitation, Klein habitually surveyed the area and began
praying to the Evernight Goddess in the stacked city.
Oof!
A faint sound rang out as an ancient wooden stake with traces of blood
penetrated Klein’s heart from behind.
A figure phased into existence behind him. It was a cold-looking man
wearing a half top hat and a black trench coat:
Gehrman Sparrow.
Klein’s pupils dilated as the crazy adventurer said in a deep voice, “Adam
has given me humanity.”