Chapter 1234

The Projection“s “Descent“
The blinding white beam penetrated the glass window and landed on
Shaman King Klarman.
It then burst into an intense light, melting away all the undead, darkness,
and evil.
Klarman’s figure burned with a white flame, as though he was a paper
figurine that had been brought near red embers.
But it really was a paper figurine, one that seemed to be condensed from the
crimson moonlight.
The Shaman King’s substitute spell, Moon Paper Figurine!
As the paper figurine turned to ash, the ancient Shaman King appeared at
the top of the cathedral and cast his cold gaze at Emlyn White, who was
standing near the bell tower.
At that moment, within Klarman’s blood-red eyes, it reflected the figure of
Sharron, who was wearing a black regal dress and a tiny bonnet. Her body
stiffened as if she had lost control of herself.
Seeing this, Emlyn didn’t hesitate. It was as if he had practiced it a thousand
times before. He aimed his Vision of White at the Shaman King’s left chest
and prepared to activate the Sun domain’s “Unshadowed Spear.”
As long as this attack struck Klarman’s heart, this Shaman King Klarman
wouldn’t be able to use “Moonlight Transformation” to resolve it. It would
also be difficult for him to recover using an artificial vampire’s super-
recovery abilities.
Of course, this would definitely cause more serious damage to Sharron who
had possessed Klarman. However, if they could quickly resolve their target,
she was willing to pay the corresponding price.
In the previous discussions, Emlyn, Sharron, and Maric had already
discussed a few similar plans and had come to a consensus.
This was also the reason why Sharron didn’t restrict Shaman King Klarman
by tightening his clothes. Compared to a Wraith’s possession, that was
easier to resolve for the opponent who could use “Moonlight
Transformation.” As for whether Klarman would be ashamed of running
naked, the answer from the magic mirror was no.
Taking all these under consideration, they eventually chose to let Emlyn
White attack the target, so as to deplete his Moon Paper Figurine to create
an opportunity for Sharron to possess him.
The transparent glass sphere in Emlyn’s hand glowed once again, extending
out into a blazing spear that had turned extremely white. But at this
moment, Klarman, who was standing at the top of the cathedral, suddenly
underwent a transformation.
A crack quickly split open in the middle of his forehead, as if there was a
blood moon embedded in it.
Moonlight surged out like a tidal wave, causing the illusory, blonde, blue-
eyed Sharron to float out of his body uncontrollably.
Klarman’s stiff and slow movements barely restored to normal and, under
the radiance of the full moon, he turned into a pool of blood, splitting into
countless fragments of light.
His figure rapidly took form on another steeple of the cathedral. Clinging
closely behind him was Sharron. As for the Unshadowed Spear that Emlyn
had created, it passed through the spot where Klarman was originally
standing and flew into the distance, expanding into a miniature sun.
The entire port city was illuminated.
At the same time, Klarman’s right shoulder began to squirm before
something tore through his black robe and burrowed out.
This was an exquisite male doll. It was only the size of a palm and wore a
dark red, gold-patterned tuxedo. Its eyes had been dug out, leaving behind
two black holes.
The puppet sat on Klarman’s shoulder and raised its hands, tapping all its
fingers as though it was playing an invisible instrument.
Sharron’s figure was immediately ejected from Klarman’s back, as though
she suffered a serious repulsion.
Emlyn felt his clothes tighten as they bound him tightly.
His bowtie also came alive in a bid to strangle him to death.
That doll was a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact given to Klarman by the Rose
School of Thought. It was called the “General of the Pupil-less Eye.” It was
an item formed by a Sequence 4 demigod of the Mutant pathway who had
suffered a sudden death due to an accident.
It had a living characteristic and could possess objects with spirits and
awaken objects that didn’t according to its wielder’s will. However, the
wielder needed to feed it with their flesh and blood; otherwise, it would
gradually grow its eyes.
Once this Sealed Artifact was in a good condition, it would transform into
an evil spirit that chased after its original owner while abhorring all
humans.
When Emlyn heard the sound of his bones crying in pain from the burden,
the Vision of White that was burning his soul emitted a bright glow, turning
the surrounding area into a land without shadows or evil.
The effects of General of the Pupil-less Eye had on his clothes were
severed.
However, at that moment, Klarman had already indiscernibly muttered a
particular word with a cruel smile. He reached out his hands and pulled out
an illusory door with many mysterious symbols engraved on it out of thin
air.
This was the Door of Summoning!
The Moon pathway’s Sequence 3 was Summoning Master!
Under the illumination of the “full blood moon” on his forehead, Klarman,
who was only at the Shaman King level, was able to complete a
summoning!
However, because of this, there was a certain change in his overall aura. He
had lost a lot of his rationality, and his madness had deepened.
Amidst the illusory creaking, the Door of Summoning opened up a crack.
In the gaps, two human palms reached out. Their skin had no luster to it,
and they lacked texture. They were like a most inferior cloth doll.
…
Outside Faoltec City, the Rose School of Thought believers and followers
who had originally planned on attacking the Loen army’s defense line after
the corpse horde’s attack had begun to kill each other, their rationality
completely gone.
Some of them, who were originally ordinary people, bent their backs and
grew grayish-black wolf fur. The corners of their mouths tore open as sticky
saliva constantly dripped. Some of their skin was dyed black and had
become as hard as steel. Some lost their hearts and fell to the ground, only
to get back on their feet as though nothing had happened. Some of their
bodies turned transparent, as if they had become shadows…
The descent of Abomination Suah’s aura had tainted all the living creatures
in the vicinity, causing them to either break down and suffer a tragic death,
or turn into werewolves or zombies.
As a high-ranking Sequence 1, “He” could directly bestow the power unto
“His” believers, but there was a time limit. However, this method might not
be the hope of the Resistance.
On the other side of the battlefield, over two thousand meters away, behind
the Loen shelter. Although the soldiers didn’t see or hear anything,
transparent blisters began growing on the surface of their skin, and their
minds were filled with thoughts of venting all kinds of emotions and
desires.
It wouldn’t take long for them to go mad one by one and turn into irrational
beasts. Across this base, even to the interior of Faoltec City, it would be a
challenge to find humans who could still maintain their clarity of mind.
Suddenly, they heard a chant.
It was a chant formed from sacred and ethereal voices.
This chant came from the Evernight cathedral in the city. It was as though
there were many choirs praising the Goddess.
The soldiers, citizens, and officers fell asleep one after another behind the
shelter, inside the trenches, and on the streets.
They dreamed of a tranquil darkness, moon flowers, and night vanilla. Their
bodies and minds became extremely peaceful, and they were no longer
affected by evil.
In the Evernight cathedral in Faoltec City, the high-ranking deacon of the
Nighthawks, the Goddess’s Eye, Ilya, tried her best to maintain the dream
that enveloped the entire city. She was unable to interfere with the demigod
battle outside.
At the same time, Klein and Reinette Tinekerr felt the change in the
surrounding spirituality. It seemed to transform into layers of barriers that
attempted to restrain them and restrict their actions.
And in the bloody mud on the Shaman King’s chest, a lump of squirming
flesh covered in black sticky liquid drilled out right on the heels of Suah’s
arm, forming the body of this Abomination.
“He” was like a huge tree that had been splashed with oil. The extended
branches were arms which had various strange objects protruding out.
On the surface of the trunk that was covered in thick black liquid, bloodshot
eyes kept rolling. It cleared the minds of the onlookers, turning them into
rabbits, goats, and pigs.
The dozens of arms rapidly extended outwards. Some of them sealed off the
sky, while others burrowed into the ground. The rest either surrounded them
from all sides or headed straight for Klein and Reinette Tinekerr.
At the same time, Abomination Suah let out a roar that pierced straight into
one’s Spirit Body. It caused the two targets to tremble at the same time,
causing a certain degree of stiffness to rear its head. It made the crimson
moonlight in midair become even richer, allowing a scene to appear on the
red “screen.”
The core to this scene was a mummy wrapped in a yellowing bandage. “It”
had been pierced by countless brown tree branches and was suspended in
midair.
Its stomach bulged, and at times, different parts bulged and shriveled, as if
it was giving birth to new life.
The mummy’s mouth was agape as it kept screaming. Although Klein
couldn’t hear any actual sounds, he felt pain resonating with his body and
soul, slowly burdening him with the mummy’s predicament.
The Chained God!
The roar of Abomination Suah was formed from ancient Hermes words that
exceeded the imagination of humans. It was essentially praying to the
Chained God and “He” had successfully received a response!
The Mother Tree of Desire was unable to infuse too much power into
reality. If one wanted to pray to “Her” and obtain feedback at the angel
level, they required a large-scale ritual. Of course, the influence the Mother
Tree of Desire directly exerted and “Her” attention via the Chained God had
qualitative differences.
The Chained God was originally not a true god, but “He” had contained the
Mutant pathway’s Uniqueness and two Sequence 1 Beyonder
characteristics, making “Him” a King of Angels. After giving birth to
Abomination Suah, “He” even lost a Sequence 1 Beyonder characteristic.
When “He” was completely overwhelmed by the Mother Tree of Desire,
“He” similarly suffered a life of isolation.
Therefore, regardless of the essence of the Mother Tree of Desire, the effect
“She” had on reality was limited due to the indirect methods used. But no
matter what, the trap targeted at Reinette Tinekerr was luxurious enough!
As the projection of the Chained God appeared, the entire land was dyed
with a dark red color. Klein felt that his connection with the spirit world had
been severed, and he could no longer use Teleportation.
His figure instantly leaped into a sea of flames. Taking advantage of the
opportunity when Reinette Tinekerr was fighting against Suah, he reached
his hand into the void and grabbed at different spots.
Finally, Klein pulled out a silver-black jewelry box embedded with various
gems. Then, without any hesitation, he opened the second level.
Box of the Great Old Ones!
This Grade 0 Sealed Artifact’s second level could transfer all living beings
within its range to a particular scene recorded by it!