Chapter 955

Ancient Wraith
Fors’s pupils dilated as though she was trying to absorb more light into her
eyes to better see Xio’s current circumstances.
Meanwhile, the light in front of her suddenly exploded with a flash several
times more blinding than old-school cameras, blanketing the surroundings
with whiteness.
Following that, her finger swiped on a page on Leymano’s Travels as black
fog soared from her feet, enveloping her entire body.
The thick black fog quickly transformed into palm-sized illusory bats as
they flew in different directions of the underground hall.
This was Wings of Darkness which The Moon had recorded in Leymano’s
Travels!
Its original use was to enhance one’s speed and bestow temporary flight
capabilities while producing a horde of blood-sucking bats to attack the
enemy. However, Fors didn’t use it for this purpose. Instead, she used it as a
“prop” for her performance.
After the illusory bats flew away, the space where Fors stood was already
empty.
At some point in time, she had appeared more than ten meters away!
After subconsciously escaping and defending herself, Fors could finally
calm down as she hurriedly cast her gaze onto Xio, who had turned
abnormal.
However, Xio only appeared to have slightly disheveled blonde hair with
malt-colored skin due to her continuous forays out in the sun. Besides
looking somewhat blank as though she was surprised as to why her friend
had such a huge reaction, she didn’t show any signs of being influenced by
wraiths or ghosts.
sor
as
“What happened?” Xio asked warily.
Fors narrowed her eyes without directly replying to her. Flipping through
Leymano’s Travels’s pages, she asked, “Xio, how tall are you?”
Seemingly realizing something, Xio answered, “152. Isn’t that so?”
Just as she said that, Fors’s fingers slid across the notebook’s page which
was filled with symbols and magical labels.
Silently, a holy light swirling with fire plummeted down from above.
The unadulterated and bright light instantly enveloped Xio before rippling
outward with sunlight.
As the blazing light stabbed into Fors’s eyes, she saw the hall collapse and
the surroundings space shatter like glass.
This feeling was gone in a flash as Fors realized that she was still in her
original spot. She had yet to flee.
That was an illusion? She hurriedly turned to the side and saw Xio looking
at the damaged region of the heavy door.
Fors deliberated for a moment and asked, “Xio, how tall are you?”
Xio glanced at her and angrily said, “Stop asking such inane questions!”
Phew, she’s real… Fors heaved a sigh of relief as she quickly described her
encounter to Xio.
After a few seconds of thought, Xio used her lantern-wielding hand to
nudge Fors’s arm.
“Let’s retreat. Perhaps the closer we are to that door, the easier it is to
hallucinate.”
“Yes, that’s possible!” Fors nodded in agreement as she quickly moved
back a few steps.
Following that, she surveyed the area and asked in puzzlement, “Why can’t
we find any wraiths or ghosts here?
“Such an environment should be something that they enjoy.”
Xio was perplexed as well. She then did a careful observation before
landing her gaze on the blob of sunlight floating above Fors’s head.
“Try extinguishing it,” she suggested.
Fors came to a realization as she immediately dispelled the light. Silent
darkness blanketed the area and ruled the underground hall once more. Only
the lantern’s faint yellow light put up a resistance against all of this.
Then, Fors saw two figures in her Spirit Vision.
They were rather close to the bronze door. One was a female with coiled
hair, wearing a knight’s trousers and a garish shirt for ease of movement.
The other was a man wearing silver-black armor as he held a sword that
was almost snapping due to rust.
The former’s face was a blur as it kept wandering between the door and
where Fors and Xio arrived. The latter was loitering beside the door,
muttering something
These are the two ancient wraiths? Fors nudged Xio and said with a
suppressed voice, “I see Spirit Bodies.”
“I see them as well. They aren’t hiding at all.” Xio curved her back as she
readied herself for a fight.
Fors hurriedly nudged her.
“Don’t be hasty. We aren’t sure that they’re the targets.”
She attempted to take three steps forward, but the two relatively blurry
figures didn’t even look at her.
Fors thought and suddenly said, “Ma’am, what are you doing?”
She had heard of stories in other mysticism circles that wraiths, shadows,
and other higher-level Spirit Body creatures could be communicated with.
However, she regretted it the moment she said that. This was because
communication didn’t allow her to achieve her goal. There was no way she
could persuade the other party to kill themselves and hand over the cursed
item and remnant spirituality of an ancient wraith.
O
m
Just as Fors was considering if she should launch a direct attack, the lady in
the garish shirt and knight’s trousers replied with a flat tone, “I’m searching
for my husband.
“He’s a guard here.”
Communication is really possible… Fors pressed out of curiosity, “Where
did he go?”
At this moment, Xio approached as she wore a look of extreme vigilance.
The blurry-figured lady answered blankly,
“He’s a guard here. He told me that magical power seeps out from behind
the door, corrupting his teammates. He got me to leave as quickly as
possible with a messenger.
“He said that he would ensure that I escaped safely, but I don’t wish for
that. I want to leave with him… After sending off the messenger, I returned
midway and returned underground. But I can’t find him…”
With the age of this castle exceeding the present Epoch, the last defender
has definitely transformed into an ancient wraith. Hmm, this lady’s story
has moved me. I really can’t bear to attack her… Fors’s mind whirled as she
carefully took a few steps and circled around the ancient female wraith and
approached the bronze door.
This time, she and Xio didn’t suffer any more hallucinations. This seemed
to imply that her encounter was subconsciously created by the lady.
A distance from the silver-black armored knight with a rusty sword, Fors
attempted to ask, “Sir, what are you doing?”
The knight paused and said with a humming voice, “I’m guarding this Door
of Blackness. I need to ensure that my wife has escaped safely.
“If you meet her, tell her that her knight will fight for her to the very last
moment.”
Ah… Door of Blackness. It’s clearly a bronze door… Wait, what did he
say? He said that he’s guarding the door to ensure that his wife can safely
escape? I-isn’t this the other half of that woman’s story which she
described? This is her husband? Fors was taken aback as she kept looking
back and forth between the two ancient wraiths.
The lady wearing a garish shirt and knight’s trousers slowly approached the
bronze door before returning to the middle of the hall repeatedly. As for the
silver-black armored man, he was patrolling about the door with a rotting
sword in hand. At times, they would pass by without noticing each other.
Such a scene must’ve gone on for at least fifteen hundred years, or even
longer… Fors commented silently as she turned to glance at Xio. She
realized that her friend’s eyes were already welling with tears.
What an easily touched person… Fors couldn’t help it as she shouted at the
female wraith, “Look at the door. Your husband has been there all along!”
The lady slowed down her pace and first glanced at Fors before casting her
gaze at the heavy door.
Her blank gaze penetrated the knight, landing behind him.
“Why can’t I find him…” the wraith repeated her words and repeated her
actions.
Fors felt an explicable sense of sorrow, and just as she was about to shout
again, she saw the knight turn to look at her and Xio. He shouted, “Who are
you?”
Just as he said that, the female wraith cast her gaze at Xio and Fors again.
Fors immediately felt her thoughts slow down as a coldness quickly formed
inside her body and rippled out, freezing her flesh and joints. As for Xio,
she too was suffering from the same condition. The area around the lantern
dimmed significantly.
At this moment, two bolts of lightning lit up in Xio’s eyes.
This made the wraith let out a painful cry as his body turned faint.
Xio instantly escaped from her frozen state and threw out the triangular
blade in her hand towards the female wraith.
Bolts of illusory lightning swirled around the triangular blade’s tip, stabbing
straight into the lady.
Psychic Lashing!
The female wraith screamed as her body turned faint.
Fors instantly snapped awake as she slid her fingers across the open
Leymano’s Travels.
Life seemed to immediately gather from the surrounding shadows, turning
into a pitch-black chain that restrained the male wraith to the ground,
sealing off his “mouth.”
Abyss Chains!
Meanwhile, Xio rushed out, and with an illusory brand in hand, she
stamped it on the female wraith.
With her holding back the female wraith, Fors’s actions became more
composed.
She flipped through Leymano’s Travels and slid her fingers.
Silver lightning that branched out and blasted out of thin air, smiting the
male wraith and turning the area into a lightning hellscape.
Finally, a holy pillar of light that had flames swirling around it appeared. It
enveloped the male wraith and completely purified him.
With one enemy taken down, Fors immediately turned and dealt with the
female wraith with Xio.
She didn’t hold back on using powers from Leymano’s Travels. She came
up with wise combinations of them, and using Xio’s suppression, she
switched between restrainment powers and offense from time to time. Soon,
they finished off their target.
Everything fell silent as Fors heaved a sigh of relief. She then looked at the
battlefield with a look of disbelief.
“Is that it?”
She originally imagined that two ancient wraiths had unique powers, and
with their higher levels, they weren’t something sub-Sequence 5 Beyonders
could deal with. However, she realized that everything happened rather
smoothly.
This made her truly realize how godly Leymano’s Travels was. She also
began looking forward to the next Sequence as a Scribe.
Xio was somewhat astonished as she thought for a few seconds.
“It’s no wonder someone told me that, beneath the level of demigods, the
number of Beyonders, their cooperation, and usage of powers are more
important than the Sequence.”
Just as she said that, she heard knocking sounds resonate.
It broke the silence of the hall, and it came from behind the bronze door.