Chapter 1275

: A New Journey
Bornova Gustav… Klein’s gaze swept across the young man’s face, landing
on the floating items and the mannequin made from metallic components.
The mannequins have a postmodern style… Some of the physical laws here
seem to have changed a little… Klein nodded in thought.
“I want to take the mirror.”
He very honestly stated his request.
Bornova’s expression didn’t change, as though he was just a puppet.
“You’re a Blessed of Evernight?”
“I guess so,” Klein said with a smile.
Bornova nodded.
“Then take it away.”
He’s of the impression that I’m asking for the spoils of war for the Church
of Evernight? Klein didn’t explain as he politely took off his hat and bowed
slightly.
“Thank you very much.”
As he spoke, Klein’s figure suddenly faded and vanished.
He had only come in the form of a Historical Void projection.
Following that, in the carriage where Ikanser and the Machinery Hivemind
member were, nothing happened.
Of course, they were only situated in a historical scene, and the actual
situation in the car had been covered up without their knowledge.
On a carriage more than ten kilometers away, a mirror suddenly appeared in
Klein’s hand.
It was silver in color, and the patterns on its back were ancient and
mysterious. On both sides was an eye-like ornament.
“Don’t speak.” Klein looked into the mirror and gave a simple instruction.
“Yes, Supreme Master.” Silver words surfaced from the depths of the
mirror.
Klein immediately took out a pen and paper and used the magic mirror as a
backing to write.
He thought for a moment and wrote with a faint smile:
“Dear Mr. Azik,
“It seems like I haven’t written to you for a long time, as I went to the
Forsaken Land of the Gods and had a wonderful journey.
“There are only two types of living creatures there. They are either living
sentient creatures, or monsters. Those sentient beings either bear a curse or
have obvious physical mutations. They’re even more tragic than I imagined.
“I tried helping them. This wasn’t only for the ritual, for my anchors, or to
satisfy my sympathetic heart. It holds meaning on its own…
“Putting aside the suffering, the situation in the Forsaken Land of the Gods
is completely different from the outside world. It’s like an oil painting with
a black theme… What’s surprising is that Artificial Death can influence the
undying creatures there. I was very confused back then, but today, I finally
had a guess. I suspect that this is related to the River of Eternal Darkness,
one of the nine sefirot…
“This reminds me of Calderón City in the spirit world. I’m reminded of the
golden phoenix accessory you mentioned before… Rumor has it that the
Phoenix Ancestor—Death of the Fourth Epoch—could use the River of
Eternal Darkness to a certain extent. I wonder if you know anything about
this?
“The war that lasted for more than a year has finally ended. The Evernight
Goddess clinched victory in the end, and the God of Combat has perished. I
believe that, with your level and status, you should know what this means…
“No matter what, the long-awaited peace has finally arrived. People are
gradually returning to their normal lives. This is a scene that I like to see,
but some wounds may never heal…
“I don’t know if the apocalypse will arrive on time, and I don’t know when
you’ll wake up. I can only hope that everything’s heading in the right
direction.
“Finally, let me mention something trivial. I’ve already advanced to
Sequence 2 and am now a Miracle Invoker. This is both a curse and hope.
“I wish you well.
Your eternal student,
Klein Moretti.”
After he finished writing, Klein examined it carefully before folding the
letter. He blew Azik’s copper whistle and summoned the bone messenger.
When the gigantic messenger emerged from the ground, its bones trembled
as though it had sensed the aura of “the great ruler above the spirit world.”
Klein chuckled softly and handed the letter to the messenger whose number
was unknown. He watched it clumsily bow before disintegrating into a
fountain and burrowing into the ground.
After doing this, Klein cast his gaze at the magic mirror on his thigh.
Sensing his gaze, the aqueous light on the surface of the mirror rippled and
produced silver words:
“Great Master, where are we going next?”
Where to next? Klein repeated the question inwardly. He really wanted to
“Teleport” to the main peak of the Hornacis mountain range and enter the
ancient palace that bordered reality and foggy town. He wanted to see if he
had the chance to take away the most useful Card of Blasphemy from the
Antigonus family’s Half-Fool.
With his present strength being equivalent to half a Sequence 1, this wasn’t
an impossible task. Back when Zaratul was a Sequence 2, he had managed
to obtain the main ingredient of Attendant of Mysteries from The Half-Fool.
Of course, the premise was that the Evernight Goddess maintained the
suppression and seal of the Antigonus family’s ancestor.
Hence, he had gone full circle, circling back to a deal with the Evernight
Goddess.
The present me is the owner of Sefirah Castle. I can split a portion of the
Worms of Spirit to stay above the gray fog, constantly responding to any
prayers. This way, apart from having certain latent problems to my mental
state, I’ll gain quite a bit of benefits in other aspects. Yes, I can help my
main body at any time, giving me another resurrection method… Even if
my main body is completely destroyed, with the Worms of Spirit above the
gray fog, I can still reassemble my will and body… However, if I were to
walk in the real world and get “Concealed,” and also end up having my
connection with Sefirah Castle severed, the Worms of Spirit left in Sefirah
Castle will lose control and turn into monsters, just like Zaratul from back
then… Klein quickly analyzed the situation. With his current strength, he
felt that it was best if he didn’t venture deep into Calderón City for the time
being.
Even if he were to search for clues regarding the River of Eternal Darkness,
he would have to fulfill many wishes and obtain the true strength of a
Miracle Invoker.
With this in mind, Klein patted the mirror and said with a smile, “Next, let’s
go wander together.
“Where do you want to go?”
“Trier—no, you can go wherever you want,” Arrodes replied humbly.
Klein smiled and jumped off the carriage, heading towards the city closest
to him.
After the carriage continued for several meters, it disappeared inch by inch
and returned to the fog of history.
At the same time, Klein’s trench coat turned into a black robe. His top hat
changed in shape, giving off a classic vibe.
This made Klein feel like a wandering magician walking through the streets
and alleys.
…
In a rather intact house in Backlund.
Dressed in holy white robes, the beautiful Demoness of Unaging, Katarina,
put down the mirror in her hand and turned her head to the young man who
was rocking in a reclining chair.
“The war is over. They finally decided to summon me back to
headquarters.”
“I’ve been waiting for this day for too long,” the young man sitting on a
reclining chair scoffed.
He was wearing a long black robe with red patterns. He had a pale-white
brown-skinned face with a soft outline. He was the Gatekeeper possessed
by the Red Angel evil spirit.
Katarina pressed down on the table with both hands and sat on it. The
corners of her lips curled up as she said, “You don’t seem testy at all.”
“When you get locked underground with two detestable fellows for nearly
two thousand years without being able to escape, you’ll know that two
years of waiting is extremely easy and relaxing. I’m not in a rush at all,” the
Red Angel evil spirit said with a chuckle. “After this matter ends, I’ll let
you experience it. Of course, I’ll remember to throw you two male
companions. As for how long you can last, it’s up to you to decide if you
can hold yourself back.”
As “He” said this, the Red Angel evil spirit’s two cheeks didn’t reveal any
retorting mouths. This was because, to “Them,” this was the truth.
“They” and two other detestable fellows had been locked underground for
nearly two thousand years without any means of escape.
Upon hearing this answer, Katarina’s eyes darted around as she asked with a
faint smile, “Aren’t you worried that Primordial would learn of this once
you head to our headquarters?”
“So what? There’s always a need to take risks in doing things. Furthermore,
the worst outcome is to fuse with ‘Her.’ I’m already three in one, so
becoming four in one isn’t a problem,” Sauron Einhorn Medici said with a
nonchalant attitude.
“Let’s set off.” Katarina hopped off the table with a smile.
Just as she finished speaking, a red-haired man with a trademark imprint on
his forehead was reflected in her eyes.
The Gatekeeper, who wore a black, red-patterned robe, stopped breathing.
His skin and flesh rapidly rotted, turning into yellow-green pus.
In just a few seconds, there was only a white skeleton and a Beyonder
characteristic left on the reclining chair.
Katarina waved her hand, pulling the Beyonder characteristic over by using
invisible threads. It fell into her palm.
Immediately after, she lost all corporealness and suddenly entered the
mirror she had used before.
A dark and illusory path that appeared surreal presented itself in front of the
Saintess of White. It formed a complicated and mysterious “web” with
similar objects in her surroundings, interweaving into a strange world that
was different from reality.
Katarina quickly traversed the mirror world and approached the target node.
At that moment, she felt a powerful suction force. She couldn’t help but
deviate from the path and cast a dark and blurry fog. It represented a mirror
in the real world.
In an instant, Katarina, along with the Red Angel evil spirit, left the mirror
and came to an unfamiliar room covered in carpets.
At the edge of the room, a young man with ordinary facial features who was
dressed in common clothes leaned against the staircase railings and smiled
at the Demoness of White.
His left hand was constantly tossing an item, a strange crown covered in
rust and blood.
Before Katarina could react, the young man took out a crystal monocle and
put it on his left eye.
“Heh…” The Red Angel evil spirit’s sneer echoed in Katarina’s mind.
The next second, the young man took off the monocle and shifted it to his
right eye before saying with a smile, “Sorry, I wore it in the wrong spot.”