Chapter 1402

: An Ordinary Person“s Daily Life
8/8
The scene in front of him was so ordinary that Barton didn’t feel that there
was anything wrong with it.
Although he vaguely felt that there was something familiar about it, he
didn’t think that it was worth puzzling over it.
How could a daily scene not be familiar?
His gaze shifted as he looked up into the sky. He saw the crimson moon
quietly hanging in the sky, shining with light, causing his mood to settle
down involuntarily.
At that moment, Barton seemed to have let go of an invisible burden. His
body and mind were unusually relaxed. He no longer had the same fear,
anxiety, and frustration from before.
His spiritual intuition told him that Vernal’s matter had come to an end, and
it would no longer affect his life.
“Holy Lord of Storms. Lord, thank you for your blessings.” Barton
immediately struck his left chest with his right fist and muttered to himself.
Without anxiety and tension, he felt exhaustion overwhelm him like a flood.
It surged from the depths of his soul, drowning his brain, limbs, and every
cell in his body.
Barton couldn’t help but use the back of his hand to cover his mouth. He
yawned, but a satisfied smile appeared on his face.
He didn’t stay in the study any longer and turned around to leave. He
returned to the bedroom and took a pleasant bath, enjoying himself as he
drank a small glass of red wine.
That night, Barton didn’t dream anymore and slept exceptionally soundly.
When he woke up in the morning, his mind was relaxed and his spirits were
rising. It was as if he had obtained a new life.
Looking at his wife who was still sleeping beside him, Barton carefully got
up, changed his clothes, and walked around the neighborhood.
He had never realized how wonderful his district was.
The air was fresh, the environment was peaceful, and the scenery was
pleasant. Even the pedestrians were cultured.
This made Barton’s mood even better. Once again, he deeply understood
that the matter with Vernal had come to an end, and he had returned to his
normal, peaceful life.
He maintained his mood and went home to enjoy breakfast with his wife
and children.
During this process, he even told his wife about a joke he read in the
newspapers and fulfilled his children’s tiny requests.
Seeing the smiles on his wife and children’s faces, Barton felt satisfied.
Then, he put on his coat, hat, and cane before heading out to take a trackless
public carriage. He walked all the way to the Loen Relic Search and
Preservation Foundation at the periphery of the city.
After entering his office, Barton found his usual daily pace. He didn’t get
right down to work but prepared the special herbal black tea he had
prepared himself.
With the black tea, he leisurely read the newspapers that he didn’t subscribe
to at home. Then, he picked up the letters and documents he had received
and read them.
Such a process and pace made him feel exceptionally comfortable.
The only difference was that Barton was still a little worried about receiving
yet another letter from Vernal.
However, this concern didn’t turn into a reality.
About fifteen minutes later, someone knocked on his office door.
“Please come in.” Barton picked up his cup and took a sip of his black tea.
The person who entered was the ordinary-looking deputy director of the
Compliance Department, Pacheco Dwayne, who didn’t have any
characteristics that stood out but still managed to give off a warm and
friendly vibe.
“Did you sleep well last night?” asked Pacheco as he stood at the door.
“Excellent.” Baton didn’t hide anything.
Pacheco nodded and smiled.
“Seems like you’ve really gotten rid of the effects from this matter.”
Barton didn’t mention the “nightmare” he had had. Instead, he asked,
“What about you?”
“I also slept very well,” Pacheco replied with a smile. “The police have
already taken over this matter. It’s said that they found Vernal last night.
Unfortunately, he apparently encountered some misfortune.”
“Poor soul, I hope he can rest in peace.” Barton didn’t pray that the Lord
would protect him, because Vernal had already abandoned his faith in the
Lord of Storms. If there were really any blessings to be bestowed, then it
would definitely be lightning blasts and storms.
With that said, he thought of the help that Pacheco had provided and his
friendly attitude. He said, “Shall we have lunch together later?”
“Are you treating?” asked Pacheco with a smile.
“Of course. It’s a pleasure to meet a friend like you.” Barton stood up and
bowed gentlemanly.
Pacheco nodded slightly and said, “Then I’ll wait at the Compliance
Department for your invitation.
“Before 12?”
“No problem.” Apart from being grateful to him, Barton also felt that
knowing the deputy director of the Compliance Department would be a
great help to his future work.
Furthermore, he believed that Pucheco was just like him. In some aspects,
he was stronger than the average person.
After seeing Pacheco leave his office, Barton sat down again, silently and
slowly exhaling.
As an ordinary person with a normal IQ, he could tell that the matters
regarding Vernal were very strange. It involved the problems of mysticism
and religion.
In addition, he was actually very interested in the details of the Tamara
family’s fracturing and the secret history of the Fourth Epoch, and the
details to which Vernal had encountered.
However, he knew that he couldn’t probe further. It was thanks to the great
luck of an ordinary person for him to be able to see the tip of the iceberg
without dying. If he wanted to figure out the situation beneath the water
surface, he would definitely drown to death.
The past archaeological expedition made Barton not dare to take the risk,
nor did he want to take any risks.
To him, curiosity was probably the most worthless thing.
After pondering for a while, Barton continued his work.
When it was almost noon, he tidied the items on the table and picked up the
coat and top hat hanging on the clothes rack. He left the office and walked
to the door of the Compliance Department.
Knock! Knock! Knock! Barton knocked on the wooden door in front of
him.
Soon, Pacheco opened the door and glanced at Barton.
“Give me another five minutes. I still have some matters to settle.”
“No problem.” Barton didn’t mind at all.
“Come on in and wait,” Pacheco said casually.
Barton didn’t stand on ceremony. He walked into the Compliance
Department and found a chair to sit down.
As his gaze moved, he realized that there were about six to seven members
in the Compliance Department.
Just then, he heard someone knocking on the door.
Without waiting for the employees of the Compliance Department to get up,
the door creaked open.
The first to enter was the vice president of the Loen Relic Search and
Preservation Foundation.
He was a lively old man. He looked around and paused for a second before
saying, “Seems like everyone is here.
“Let me introduce you to a new colleague.”
As he spoke, the vice-president took a few steps forward, revealing the new
employee of the Compliance Department behind him.
She was a woman in her twenties. She had a high nose bridge and a pair of
moist, full lips. Her eyes were dark gray and her face was pretty. She wore a
common blue dress.
However, there was no expression on her face. She didn’t look like a real
person. She looked more like a wax statue.
The gazes of Barton and Pacheco froze.
The vice president continued smiling and said, “She will be like Pacheco,
taking on the role of the deputy director of the Compliance Department. Her
name is Alicia Tamara.”
—The End to An Ordinary Person’s Daily Life—
Author’s Note: There’s no way to go in-depth in the end to “An Ordinary
Person’s Daily Life.” This is just a showcase of the tip of the iceberg
without going deep. Yes, it’s also an experimental form of narrating the
story.
If the ending is meant to have the effect of horror without any consideration
of values, then it will be written as such:
As he spoke, the vice-president took a few steps forward, revealing the new
employee of the Compliance Department behind him.
She was a woman in her twenties. She had a high nose bridge and a pair of
moist, full lips. Her eyes were dark gray and her face was pretty. She wore a
common blue dress.
The gazes of Barton and Pacheco froze.
At that moment, the lady’s lips curled up as she said with a radiant smile,
“Hello everyone. I’m Alicia Tamara.”