Chapter 183

: A Lesson on Mediumship
After dinner, Klein engaged in small talk before reclining on the sofa. He
picked up the recently delivered Awwa Evening News and started leisurely
reading.
Benson wore a bitter expression as he sat opposite his sister. In front of him
was the dining table which had been wiped clean by Bella. On it was
grammar books, classic literature, accountancy notes, and other materials.
In front of Melissa were her notes and stationery, including but not limited
to pens, paper, rulers, compasses, etc.
“It’s like I’ve been taken some ten years back. Back then, I was still a
student at the Church’s Sunday school,” Benson complained, but he
continued to study with his head down.
That’s not too bad. This scene makes me feel the achievement of being a
parent…Klein smiled and said, “Knowledge can change one’s destiny, and
diligence will result in glory.”
I made up the latter half of that saying. I wonder if Roselle has said that
before… He lampooned in his heart.
The room quickly became quiet except for the sound of pens scratching
across pages or of books being flipped. Bella had finished doing the dishes
and tidied up the kitchen before returning to her room on the first floor—a
small room that was formerly the guest room.
Klein sipped on his Sibe black tea as he read the newspaper, occasionally
engaging in small talk with his siblings. It was relaxing.
Suddenly, the gas lamps in the living room and dining room turned dark at
the same time as if they had run out of fuel.
Benson and Melissa looked up towards the lamps, in an attempt to figure
out the cause.
Klein also looked towards the lamps.
At this moment, he felt something touch his arm.
He was the only living person in the living room, but something had
touched his arm!
His hair stood on end. Klein retracted his arm and turned to look over. He
saw five thin, pale fingers growing on the tip of a tongue. Underneath them
was an irregular row of sharp teeth!
Klein instinctively reached for his pockets. Within them were the Requiem
Charms and Slumber Charms. But he caught a glimpse of a neatly folded
piece of paper in the fingers’ grasp.
A letter…
A messenger!
Klein heaved a sigh of relief.
At that moment, the five pale fingers prodded his arm again.
Klein saw Melissa about to stand up and check on the gas lamp. He reached
out with his left hand and grabbed the letter, then he quickly retracted his
arm and hid the letter under the stack of newspapers on the table.
He then saw the fingers, tongue, and the irregular row of sharp teeth fade
away and disappear from the corner of his eyes.
With a thought, Klein tapped his left molar and silently activated his Spirit
Vision.
He once again saw the five abnormally thin fingers. He saw the long red
tongue adorned with sharp, white teeth. He saw them retracting back into
the transparent face on the ground.
A second later, the face disappeared completely. The lights in the living
room and dining room were restored back to normal.
“Strange…” Melissa pouted, finding no faults with the lamps even after a
serious check.
Why is the lady in our house responsible for such things, while the men
watch from the side? Klein shook his head and deactivated his Spirit Vision.
When spirits were willing to be seen and had the corresponding abilities,
even an ordinary person could spot them. What happened just now was an
example.
After discussing the problem with the gas lamps, the Moretti siblings
became quiet once again. Benson and Melissa once again delved into the
ocean of knowledge.
Klein used the newspaper as a cover and unfolded the letter with one hand.
He placed the paper between the newspapers and started reading the reply
from Spirit Guide Daly, “… I have to emphasize again, I prefer the title of
Spirit Medium.
“I’m going to give you an positive response regarding what you asked. Yes,
mediumship rituals can also be used on living beings, not just living
humans.
“But this is troublesome and poses some level of danger. The souls left
behind by the dead are pure. They have few impurities or chaotic thoughts.
We can communicate with them, asking them questions and receiving
answers without any barriers. Of course, you can use the method of dream
divination to directly receive images from them.
“But that cannot be replicated with living humans. The subject still has a
will and would fight against unprotected communication between souls.”
Klein’s lips twitched when he read the letter. He confirmed that it was Daly
herself who wrote this letter.
Unprotected communication… That really is the way she speaks…
Klein returned to the letter after taking a quick glance at his siblings.
“We only have two methods when faced with such a situation. First, we can
use our powerful spirituality and sophisticated mediumship rituals to
triumph over the will of the other person, engaging in a barbaric method of
communication. Second, we can use medication to make the other party
relax. What I use the most are the Amantha essence and Eye of the Spirit
medication. Heh heh, I’m sure that you still have a lingering impression of
those.
“After reaching the stage of channeling the soul, you must take note that
you’re also in a spiritual state, unlike when you’re communicating with the
souls left behind by the dead. In simpler terms, your spirituality is entering
the spirituality world of the other party.
“Take note, a professional Spirit Medium wouldn’t lack the means of
protecting themselves under such a state. But you cannot do that. You
would not be able to learn or use the techniques that I know of even if I
explained them to you.
“So you have to maintain a certain level of lucidity and rational thought.
Only through this method can you fight back against the torrents of the
other party’s random and chaotic thoughts before arriving before his spirit
and establishing communication. At this point, you’ll be communicating at
the level of the Body of Heart and Mind.
“At this stage, you have two options. One is to use a technique to forcefully
read the memories of the other party, but you have to be very careful, for
you cannot be sure if the things you’re reading are the things that you want
to know. If you indiscriminately receive a large amount of memories from a
person, it’s very likely that your soul would collapse. Furthermore, it will
cause severe damage to your target’s soul, sometimes even destroying them
completely. Unless you’re a professional Spirit Medium, I do not suggest
using this method.
“The second option is to gently communicate with the other party’s Body of
Heart and Mind. No matter how you entered, whether it be through violence
or medication, the target will definitely be in a groggy state. They would
generally not be able to lie, just like you couldn’t… no, you cannot recall
what happened to you! Although I know you’ve definitely forgotten about
it!”
Sorry, Madam Daly, I was very awake back then… Klein chortled inwardly
as he lowered his gaze and read the rest of the letter.
“Such communication can allow you to obtain real answers, but they won’t
necessarily all be the truth. You should understand what I mean. As long as
you read the news, you must have heard Emperor Roselle’s famous quote. I
don’t remember the actual quote, but the essence of the quote is that what
one says shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. In
short, a spirit might not remember everything because a lot of memories are
in one’s subconscious or collectively be in the subconscious. Oh, I
shouldn’t mention that. Dunn calls it the evil theories of the Psychology
Alchemists.
“Thus, you must be able to guide the soul and be good at designing your
questions, do you understand? The corresponding techniques include…
“These are all under normal circumstances. What should we pay attention to
when we’re trying to communicate with the soul of a Beyonder who has
gone insane?
“It’s the same—maintaining your lucidity. You must not fall into a daze at
all. This is because a Beyonder’s spirituality is very potent and their spirit is
filled with chaotic thoughts. Let me give an example. An ordinary person’s
consciousness is an island. The subconscious is the portion of the sea
beneath the island. The collective subconscious is the surrounding sea. The
sky belongs to the spirit world. As for a Beyonder, his ‘island’ might have a
controllable active volcano. A lunatic’s island might have a volcano that can
erupt at any time. It would quake the foundations and pollute the ‘sea.’
“When you come into unprotected contact with the spirit of an insane
person, his chaotic thoughts might infect you, just like how polluted water
in the sea would flow outward, spreading further.
“Yes, channeling his spirit under such conditions is like linking your ‘sea’ to
his; thus, you need to pay close attention to this pollution.
“A few examples are when a Spirit Medium is careless when doing similar
things and didn’t use any protection. After that, they can develop mental
problems similar to that of the target.
“Under normal circumstances, mental diseases are not contagious. But in
the domain of mysticism, in the world of channeling spirits, they can indeed
be contagious.
“Maintaining your lucidity and not being affected by the chaotic thoughts of
the target are things that you must pay attention to. Following those would
be the guided questions, which can be used to effectively communicate with
an insane person.
“If you wish to try this, I suggest applying a Sedative Agent before doing
so. The corresponding formula is available behind Tingen City’s Chanis
Gate. There’s also the formulated product. It can be effective in helping you
maintain rational thought during the process.
“Of course, you can also get Dunn to apply for help from the Backlund
diocese. I’m very willing to see the spirituality state of an insane Sequence
7 Psychiatrist.”
Lucidity and rational thought… That’s my expertise. I maintained lucidity
and rational thought even when my soul was being channeled… Of course,
I’m not someone who lets confidence get to my head. I’ll still apply for the
Sedative Agent, Amantha extract, and Eye of the Spirit medication! Klein
heaved a sigh of relief, a little eager to make the attempt.
He put down his newspaper and stood up. He then entered the bathroom
and ignited the letter with his spirituality before tossing the ashes into the
toilet bowl and flushing them.
That night, Klein once again tried the ritual for summoning himself and
brought the Flaring Sun Charm back to the physical world and into his
room.
He also didn’t receive Mr. Azik’s letter even though he had expected a swift
reply.
Perhaps he needed some time to recall the knowledge… or perhaps, he’s not
free to give a reply for now… Or perhaps he’s worried that he would
interrupt my sleep.Klein dispelled the wall of spirituality as he speculated.
He made his way to the bed.
…
The following day, Tuesday morning.
Klein entered the Blackthorn Security Company and knocked on the door to
the Captain’s office as usual.