Chapter 1173

Advice
Good question… The Fool Klein inwardly praised her, and he explained by
using the Red Angel evil spirit’s explanation in his own words:
“The seven deities wish to have a Black Emperor, but ‘They’ are not
unanimous in their candidate for the Black Emperor.
“When George III successfully obtained the ticket to becoming one through
secret preparations, the seven deities had no choice but to accept it,
regardless of whether they approved of ‘Him’ or not.”
So that’s the situation… Apart from The Moon Emlyn and The Sun Derrick,
the other members of the Tarot Club were enlightened. They roughly
understood why the Churches acted in a rather contradictory manner when
faced with the tragedies of the Great Smog of Backlund, the deaths caused
by the Feysacian air raid, and George III’s assassination.
Following that, they suddenly had a question:
Since George III had already made preparations and had reached the final
step of carrying out the ritual while obtaining the tacit approval of the seven
deities, why would “He” fail?
They immediately thought of an answer:
Because Mr. Fool didn’t agree to it.
Hmm… In the destruction of George III’s Black Emperor ritual, the
Churches probably didn’t do anything to stop it. Perhaps, they even
provided some help to Mr. Fool’s subordinates… Did the Church of the
Lord of Storms make use of this chaos to secretly do something? No, they
likely wouldn’t conceal it too much… Leonard recalled all the details he
had previously discovered, and he was confident of his grasp over the
overall situation.
The seven deities’ tacit approval… Mr. Fool vetoed it and sent The World
and other Blessed to secretly destroy George III’s apotheosis ritual… But
what has this got to do with the Queen? Why did she discover that Gehrman
Sparrow has gone missing? Hmm, Black Emperor… The Queen might’ve
participated in the operation led by Mr. Fool, and later, discovered that a
participant had gone missing… Cattleya made a guess at the truth through
her rich knowledge and insight.
And at this moment, Emlyn had just managed to make heads and tails of the
discussions that had just been discussed, and he managed to understand the
developments outside during his time in protective custody.
George III had secretly plotted to become a god and received the seven
deities’ tacit approval. In the end, Mr. Fool’s Blessed destroyed “His” ritual,
causing him to die on the spot!
Seeing that everyone was silent, The Fool Klein looked at The Hermit
Cattleya and said, “Any other questions?”
“There’s nothing else this time.” Cattleya bowed her head even lower. She
was more respectful than before towards the mighty figure at the end of the
long bronze table.
Although she had long known that Mr. Fool had the Snake of Fate, Death
Consul, and Ancient Bane under “Him,” and was in secret control of the
Life School of Thought, she still never expected that the powers Mr. Fool
could mobilize in the real world were able to destroy a king’s apotheosis
ritual. Furthermore, “He” had foiled a plot of a King of Angels, the son of
the Creator.
Mr. Fool’s hidden forces are more exaggerated than I imagined… What
effect do the members of the Tarot Club exert on “Him”? A backing
faction? Individual growth? Or is it just a backup plan? Cattleya instantly
thought of many things and momentarily forgot that she was already a
Sequence 4 demigod. No matter which organization she was in, she was
considered a member of the upper echelons.
Just the feats displayed by Mr. Fool is enough to make a saint lack
confidence… Justice Audrey only took a glance at Ma’am Hermit before
she interpreted her mental state.
At this moment, The Fool Klein nodded.
“You may begin.”
Upon hearing this, Leonard immediately turned to the other end of the long,
mottled table and said to The World, “How’s your situation now?”
Fors, Xio, Audrey, and the other members of the Tarot Club also cast their
gazes over, expressing their concern for The World Gehrman Sparrow’s
situation.
From their point of view, Mr. World, who was stuck between Mr. Fool and
Angel of Time Amon as a combat tool, was probably in a bad situation. His
survival meant that he was already considered lucky enough.
Feeling the varied concern, Klein controlled The World and chuckled
hoarsely.
“Not too bad, but not too good either.
“It’s all thanks to Mr. Fool’s grace that I finally obtained a secret from
Amon, but I haven’t completely escaped from ‘His’ grasp”
Without waiting for everyone to respond, he continued, “I’m currently in a
rather sticky situation.
“I relied on Mr. Fool’s powers to enter a certain concealed state and
temporarily extricate myself from Amon’s grasp. However, if I were to
dispel this state and return to the real world, I’ll only find myself back
where my body is. And it’s very likely that Amon is still loitering nearby.
“I would like to make an attempt at finding a solution. I wonder what your
opinions are regarding this matter?”
The meaning behind The World Gehrman Sparrow’s words was very clear.
He wanted to rely on himself first, leaving Mr. Fool’s help as a last resort.
And his actual meaning was essentially the same: Find a way to bypass the
restrictions first. And in the case that his solution didn’t really work, then he
would consider living in the state of being undead.
Solution? Alger and company were suddenly a little excited because the
suggestions they provided would be used to fight against a King of Angels.
If they were employed and were of use, then this would be a proud moment
in their life, one that would remain for the rest of their lives!
Audrey was just about to speak in excitement when she retracted her words.
This was because she knew that she couldn’t give random suggestions;
otherwise, it could lead to Mr. World getting caught by Amon.
Xio thought about it seriously and realized that she couldn’t come up with
any useful suggestions. She could only choose to observe and learn.
“Must it be where your body originally was? Do you have any blood or hair
that was kept elsewhere?” Alger thought for a moment and gave a
suggestion using a question.
The Fool Klein thought for a moment and made The World shake his head.
“No.”
Compared to his original body, a single tube of blood was too little.
Thinking of this, Klein suddenly had an idea:
Perhaps he could use those two tubes of blood as ingredients, combining
them with other methods, using Alchemical Life to create a new body!
There are two problems. Firstly, Alchemical Life requires the Spirit Body’s
involvement; otherwise, the final product might not be considered my body.
Secondly, I don’t know any demigods who can complete Alchemical Life.
The only one barely related to them is Frank Lee… Will I end up becoming
a mushroom man? Then, I’d be better off as an undead… As Klein thought
about it, he nearly shivered.
After The Hanged Man’s suggestion was rejected, The Hermit Cattleya set
off from her knowledge of mysticism. She deliberated and asked, “Do you
have a Sequence 3 Sealed Artifact?”
“Why do you ask?” The World asked.
“A Sequence 3 Sealed Artifact can respond to prayers within a certain
range. You can make use of that,” Cattleya explained simply.
Klein roughly understood what Ma’am Hermit was thinking.
“You’re talking about ‘descent?'”
“That’s right. Get someone to set up a descent ritual at the periphery, and
you should be able to respond to it in your own concealed state.” Cattleya
first glanced at The Sun and described the specific plan. Then, she realized
something as she asked, “Do you really have a Sequence 3 Sealed
Artifact?”
She originally wanted The World to seek Mr. Fool’s bestowment.
“I’m already a Sequence 3 Beyonder,” Klein replied simply as he controlled
The World.
“…” The members of the Tarot Club were momentarily speechless.
They knew very well that Mr. World must’ve advanced to Sequence 4 at the
end of June to become a demigod.
And now, it was December of the same year!
The Queen once said that using the blood of the Snake of Fate to advance
would make it easier for me to become a Sequence 3 Clairvoyant than
others… Besides, the Tarot Club has given me plenty of precious mysticism
knowledge. It has greatly helped me digest the potion… But even so, I still
need another half a year before I have a chance of attempting to reach
Sequence 3… The Hermit Cattleya subconsciously looked around and
discovered that the other members wore stupefied and envious looks.
She sighed silently and said, “Is my suggestion useful, Mr. World?”
The World Gehrman Sparrow shook his head.
“There is a huge restriction when responding in that state.”
Once he chose to descend, it would mean that he would begin the rest of his
life—no, afterlife—as an undead.
Perhaps, I can combine the two methods… Yes, I can use the method of
praying to The Fool, Sea God, or Protector of magic and drama performers
to leave the Forsaken Land of the Gods, but that’s not urgent. It’s too easy
to reveal the truth… The Fool Klein made The World look at The Star
Leonard while in thought.
Leonard instantly understood what he meant. He tersely acknowledged.
“I’ll go back and do some research to see if there are any other ideas.”
Clearly, his true intention was to ask Old Man when he was back. “He” was
an angel who knew Amon rather well. Perhaps, he could come up with
suggestions that no one else could think of.
This was the answer that Klein wanted. He immediately made The World
say, “Okay.”
After the discussion of how to escape his predicament came to an end, The
World Gehrman Sparrow looked at Fors.
“Help me ask the Abraham family if they still have any Worms of Cosmos
that have yet to lose their spirituality. If there are, what will be the price for
the exchange.”
A Worm of Star was a high-level spiritual material. Most of the time, it
didn’t contain any Beyonder characteristics. Therefore, their spirituality
would suffer an irreversible loss. Without any special methods, it would be
difficult to preserve it for too long.
Worms of Cosmos… Fors was taken aback before she nodded.
“Alright.”
After receiving an answer, Klein made The World cast his gaze at The
Hermit Cattleya.
“If Miss Magician isn’t able to exchange for a Worm of Star from the
Abraham family, I would like to entrust you with a mission.”
“What mission?” Cattleya asked with interest.
The World said with a smile, “Hunt the Aurora Order’s Saint of Secrets,
Botis.”