Chapter 1387

Method
Behind the endless curtain of darkness, in the darkness with aqueous light
ebbing gently.
A young man with black hair, black eyes, a broad forehead, and a thin face
suddenly sat up as though he had experienced a nightmare.
Dressed in a classic black robe, “He” stretched out “His” right hand,
attempting to take out a crystal monocle from the void and wear it over
“His” right eye.
But this time, “He” didn’t obtain anything.
“His” right hand paused in midair for two seconds before “He” retracted it
and pinched the right eye rim.
At this moment, “He” heard a gentle but emotionless voice:
“To him, there’s something more important than life.
“To you, apart from yourself, there’s nothing worth caring about.
“When the matter develops to a point where one’s life is put on the line, it
would imply your loss.”
The corners of Amon’s mouth curled up as though “He” wanted to smile
and reply, but “He” ultimately didn’t say anything.
The voice continued:
“Born as a Mythical Creature, your lack of normal anchors is also a
problem.
“This makes you know what courage and sacrifice are, but it’s hard for you
to understand.”
Amon’s expression changed as “He” stood up from the slightly glistening
darkness.
“He” looked at the human-skinned glove that was thrown to the side before
but seemed to be very happy. “He” retracted “His” gaze and curled the
corners of “His” lips.
“This seems very interesting.
“I plan to leave this place and enter the cosmos. That place is much more
exciting than the real world. Perhaps I’ll understand the two things you
mentioned as a result of this.”
“That’s very dangerous. Once you enter the cosmos, and before I succeed, I
won’t be able to provide any help. However, this will let you avoid ‘Him’ at
least,” the calm and indifferent voice replied without any emotion.
Amon didn’t say another word. “He” raised “His” hand and pinched “His”
right eye rim and vanished from the endless shadow screen.
…
In the ancient palace above the fog.
As Amon was completely obliterated under the power of a supernova, Klein
couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief.
If he had a choice, he naturally didn’t want to sacrifice himself to revive the
Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings. He hoped to personally
protect this world and seek out the meaning of life again.
Of course, if he didn’t have a choice, he wouldn’t hesitate to awaken the
Celestial Worthy. He was certain that he could do this, and Amon was also
aware of this. Therefore, “He” didn’t force him, and only attempted to
escape.
In the battle just now, it had developed into a battle of courage towards the
end. The one who wasn’t afraid of true death would yield the absolute
advantage.
Clearly, Amon wasn’t prepared to sacrifice “Himself” for this matter.
After heaving a sigh of relief, Klein’s face under the cold and bizarre mask
suddenly grimaced.
Under his translucent dark-colored cloak, the slippery and sinister tentacles
that extended out were either hitting the ground or rising up high. It was
completely out of his control.
He could feel that the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings
in his body was rapidly waking up, and it seemed like he couldn’t stop it.
Even if Klein directly died with his will and relied on the powers of a
Miracle Invoker to revive, he wouldn’t be able to escape, as the Lord of the
Mysteries also wielded the authority of “Miracles.”
At that moment, Klein recalled the words of Dark Angel Sasrir, which was
also from the ancient sun god:
“The Primordial One had awoken in my body…”
In the next second, at the spot where Amon’s body had shattered, beams of
light were pulled by a vague invisible form of gravity as they charged
towards Klein.
Some were Worms of Time with twelve rings, some were insects made of
resplendent starlight, while some were just large numbers of light dots…
Klein wanted to stop the Beyonder characteristics from fusing with him, but
the increasingly powerful Celestial Worthy’s will prevented him from
succeeding.
His body swelled into a balloon, and then suddenly became thin as paper.
This repeated itself in an endless loop.
The mask on his face became brighter and more bizarre. The slippery and
evil tentacles that extended out from under his cloak increased and became
more uncontrollable.
One Worm of Time Beyonder characteristic, one Key of Star Beyonder
characteristic, and one… Klein’s mind felt like he was being devoured by
an invisible monster, producing excruciating pain.
Finally, a pair of eyes, which seemed to be formed from pure starlight,
formed from layers of illusory doors and crystal monocles, rushed towards
Klein’s face, straight for the mask’s eye sockets.
Almost at the same time, the strange door of light that was tainted with
bluish-blackness appeared on Klein’s body again.
Sefirah Castle!
At that moment, Klein, Sefirah Castle, Door’s Uniqueness, and Error’s
Uniqueness, all had a strong inclination to congregate.
Once they fused together, the Lord of the Mysteries would completely
awaken and complete “His” resurrection process.
Klein suddenly used his right hand to cover half of his face.
His entire body bent down as if he was fighting with another “self.”
With the anchoring and image disruption from his anchors, Klein finally
slowed down the awakening of the Lord of the Mysteries’s will, reducing
the power of convergence by a little.
The starlight eyes and the crystal monocle stopped in front of Klein’s face,
floating only a few centimeters in the air like planets revolving around the
sun.
Klein believed that he couldn’t maintain this extreme imbalance for too
long. Perhaps a few minutes or even dozens of seconds later, the
convergence would continue without restraint, bringing about an unbearable
change.
“Haha, this can be considered a form of fusion.” Klein laughed in an
unstable manner.
Then, he “Fooled” the Trunsoest Brass Book, allowing it to enter a sealed
state and fly into the junk pile.
Right on the heels of that, Klein left Sefirah Castle and arrived in the astral
world formed from symbolism and authority.
This place seemed similar to the cosmos. It was dark and vast, but in fact,
there were many unique aspects to it. For example, even though there was a
sun-like star hanging in the distance, emitting normal light and heat, if one
tried to get close to it, without getting injured, one would realize that the
astral world there was like a black curtain. The sun was directly painted
with pastel colors, and there were a bunch of concepts and symbols
surrounding it.
Furthermore, the drawing of the sun wasn’t that nice, like a child without
any foundation in art casually scrawled about. It was both comical and
frightening.
From another perspective, this might be a manifestation of the chaos and
madness that underlay everything.
As soon as Klein entered, he immediately sensed invisible gazes.
Some of them came from areas protected by the world barrier, while others
came from broader areas with obvious malice.
The corners of Klein’s mouth couldn’t help but curl up. He suddenly turned
his head and looked outside the world barrier, raising his slippery and
sinister tentacles.
This pair of eyes that seemed forged from starlight and the crystal monocle
also moved.
All of a sudden, all the attention from the cosmos shrank back. Only the
hand-drawn crimson moon was left hanging there as it flashed with light.
“Haha.” Klein laughed as he came to a dark kingdom filled with night
vanilla and slumber flowers.
At the same time, the Evernight Goddess appeared at the borders of the
divine kingdom in a layered, star-speckled dress. “Her” face was covered in
a translucent black veil.
“She” didn’t transform into “Her” giant form as “She” looked at him at eye
level before raising “Her” right hand and revealing the bird-shaped, golden
accessory.
At the head of the bird-shaped, golden accessory, a series of illusory doors
appeared in the bronze-like eyes, allowing a drop of colorless water that had
a strong aura of eternal stillness to land on Klein’s cold and bizarre mask.
The will of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings entered
a state of eternal slumber. Likewise for a majority of Klein’s consciousness.
All he had was a tiny bit of lucidity.
Under such circumstances, he made the mask retract, and he transformed
the cloak into a black windbreaker.
Then, he made the crystal monocle turn into a pair of black gloves, making
the eyes forged from starlight to turn into a cane inlaid with star speckles.
This was only a change in appearance, but it didn’t change anything in
reality. Once the two items were separated from Klein, they would return to
their original state. Of course, if Klein stabilized himself, he could
accommodate them and change their corresponding concepts and symbols
over and over again, allowing them to change their forms forever.
“This can’t be sustained for too long. It just delays the matter for a while.”
The Evernight Goddess gently reminded him. “If the River of Eternal
Darkness’s water is used repeatedly, the Lord of the Mysteries will awaken
even faster. This is because ‘He’ will trigger some unknown changes and
adjust ‘His’ condition. Similarly, the specialness of Sefirah Castle and my
blessing will gradually be erased, allowing you to enter a state of eternal
slumber.”
It was as though Klein wasn’t discussing his own matters. He smiled and
nodded.
“Got it.”
The Evernight Goddess said in a tone that seemed to be comforting Klein’s
psyche,
“Regarding this matter, the method Amon used, and the actions ‘He’ did
had exceeded my expectations. ‘He’ is indeed the true God of Deceit.
“It’s not that you have no chance at all in what comes next. You can first try
to completely control Sefirah Castle and pull the will of the Lord of the
Mysteries to enter a state of eternal slumber. In the dream, you can resist
and fuse with ‘Him.’ I can bless you, but the most important thing is still
left to you.
“Becoming a Great Old One doesn’t have any rituals involved. No ritual
can change the awakening of the Primordial One’s will, but the ancient sun
god believes that the order to accommodate them can increase one’s self-
awareness to a certain extent, increasing the success rate of the matter.
“First become a Sequence 0 of a pathway, then control and fuse with the
sefirah. Only then do you accommodate the other Uniquenesses. That’s the
best order.
“Become a dual-pathway true god and then controlling and fusing with a
sefirah is an order that isn’t good or bad.
“Only fusing with the sefirah at the final step will be the worst choice.”
Klein smiled and said, “That’s a good idea. As long as one wakes up, a Lord
of the Mysteries will be born.
“This might be ‘Him,’ or me. Yes, after completely controlling Sefirah
Castle and entering a state of eternal slumber, I should be able to weaken
the seal of the Western Continent, creating a weak spot that allows one to
enter and exit.”
The Evernight Goddess didn’t say a word when “She” heard Klein’s words.
Klein continued smiling.
“This is my choice.
“I had anticipated this day a long time ago. I will finally face ‘Him.'”