Chapter 841

: Keeping Each Other in Check
What terrifying intuition. Despite not realizing that the “Gehrman Sparrow”
in front of you is a double, you still feel that something is amiss… Hidden
in a faraway building, Klein inwardly drew a gasp. His mind raced as he
quickly came up with a corresponding strategy.
He controlled Senor and made the marionette reply in a deep voice, “I’m
also a little worried.
“After opening the ‘door,’ if you leave first, you can ambush me from the
outside once I’m out. You don’t even need to ambush me. You can just wait
outside.
“I believe that I should be the first to leave. And before that, you need to
return to me my flesh and hair. When the time comes, you can be closer to
the ‘door.’ This way, you will have enough time to pass through the ‘door’
before your Spirit Body Threads drift to the top of the cathedral.”
Panatiya listened in silence and returned with a question, “Then how do I
prevent you from destroying the ‘door’ after you leave?”
“This is also a problem for me,” the marionette answered without giving
any signs of weakness. “When I obtain that special symbol, I’ll show it to
you. That way, even if I close the ‘door,’ you will still be able to open it
again.”
Panatiya closed her mouth as though she was thinking through the details,
but she appeared somewhat irascible and could hardly compose herself. It
was as though her inclination for insanity had filled her mind.
After about ten seconds, she said again, “I think a pure curse might not be
able to harm you. Seers do not lack the means to avoid harm, just like the
Paper Figurine Substitutes you used before.”
She really isn’t leaving behind any loopholes. Thankfully, the person in
front of you is a fake from top to bottom… As Klein lampooned, he made
Senor take out one paper figurine after another. Then, he burned them all in
front of the Demoness of Despair.
“I can’t be sure that you haven’t hidden one,” Panatiya said in suspicion,
still somewhat neurotic.
“Gehrman Sparrow” twitched the corners of his mouth in a deadpan manner
and said, “You can try divination. Aren’t Witches good at that?”
Panatiya smiled impatiently and said, “The spirit world cannot be
communicated with in here, and my spirituality…”
She didn’t finish her sentence as the look in her eyes turned somewhat
dangerous.
Klein knew what the Demoness of Despair was getting at. Her spirituality
had been corrupted due to half a year of “eating.” It was somewhat chaotic
and crazy, making it give unreliable “answers,” especially against a
Beyonder that was best at divination.
The two reached a stalemate, momentarily unable to resolve the problem of
trusting one another.
At this moment, on the roof to the left, a hoarse and muffled voice sounded.
“I can be your ‘witness.’”
“Gehrman Sparrow” and Panatiya turned their heads at the same time and
looked over. Mr. A’s figure grew out from the shadows as he wore a blood-
red hooded robe.
“How will you bear ‘witness’?” Klein made Senor ask.
Mr. A pulled down his hood and said with a deep chuckle, “I’ll use flesh
and blood magic to drill into your body and control your condition. Once
you stop controlling the Spirit Body Threads, or if you try to use Paper
Figurine Substitutes, I’ll immediately give a warning or attempt to stop you.
“Once that ‘door’ you speak of opens, I’ll leave your body and pass through
the door before my Spirit Body Threads are affected.”
Do you think “Gehrman Sparrow” is an idiot? Klein made his marionette
curl his lips.
“Based on what I know, Rose Bishops can hide in the bodies of others, but
the host will immediately die once they leave.”
“No, using that method is to evade investigations; therefore, there’s a need
to fuse with the host’s flesh and blood. But there’s no need to do so in this
situation. I’ll silently wait inside your stomach,” Mr. A explained in detail.
No, it’s not my stomach. It’s Senor’s stomach… Klein made Gehrman
Sparrow take out a gold coin and pretend to attempt a divination.
This crazy adventurer muttered under his breath as the gold coin in between
his fingers was flipped.
With a ping, the gold coin flew into the air and landed in his palm.
“Gehrman Sparrow” carefully glanced at it.
“From the looks of it, you aren’t lying.
“However, you will have to leave my body before I show the special
symbol to Lady Despair.”
If this wasn’t done, “Gehrman Sparrow” might end up being murdered by
their collusion. After all, if Panatiya obtained the door-opening symbol
while wielding the obsidian rock, given enough time, she didn’t need to
worry about any anomalies with her Spirit Body Threads. Then, she
wouldn’t need help from “Gehrman Sparrow” at all. Mr. A’s existence was
only to prevent the use of Paper Figurine Substitutes.
However, “Gehrman Sparrow” didn’t need to be too worried if Mr. A came
out ahead of time. He wasn’t even afraid that Panatiya would lose decorum
after knowing the door-opening symbol, because if that happened, he could
rely on Paper Figurine Substitutes to avoid certain death. On the other hand,
Panatiya wouldn’t carry out a pursuit in the cathedral. This was because she
would end up being hung up with the passage of time; hence, she needed to
seize the opportunity to escape immediately!
Besides, there was no way to take the obsidian rock. “Gehrman Sparrow”
would then have no chance of any subsequent escape attempts.
Although the details of this plan were still flawed, it fully considered the
situation of all three parties. Panatiya raised her hand and grabbed at the
hair that was sliding down her sideburns when she suddenly asked, “If I
were to escape first, aren’t you afraid that I’ll ambush you?”
This was also a problem that Gehrman Sparrow was previously worried
about.
Klein immediately made his marionette curl his lips and say,
“I’m afraid.
“But I still have other means of escape. I’ll take the risk.”
Panatiya took two steps in an irritated manner before finally saying, “We
shall do it as agreed then.”
After making up her mind, her smile became extremely relaxed.
“You really are a special man, a man that made me see hope. After we
leave, I don’t mind letting you experience what extreme pleasure is if you
aren’t afraid.”
“Gehrman Sparrow” shifted his gaze away with great effort before looking
at Mr. A.
“I have no more questions.”
With the sound of howling wind, Mr. A flew down and landed not far from
“Gehrman Sparrow.”
His figure, along with his “clothes,” rapidly melted away, turning into a
sticky glob of flesh and blood.
Right on the heels of that, the flesh and blood piled onto one another and
kept compressing into a “tiny stream” that had the thickness of an arm.
Then, it flowed towards “Gehrman Sparrow.”
Far away in a building, Klein felt somewhat disgusted as he retched. Then,
he made “Gehrman Sparrow” open his mouth.
The “flesh and blood” stream climbed up the marionette’s body and drilled
into its mouth. The slightly warm but slippery feeling passed through the
gullet and entered the stomach.
It’s heavy… However, Mr. A’s flesh and blood is helping to hold up the
stomach, preventing it from sagging too much… Klein inspected the
marionette and made him look up at the shrouded crimson moon and say to
Panatiya, “Let’s begin.”
“Alright.” Panatiya, who could hardly withstand her urges, impatiently
walked towards the cathedral’s entrance.
Klein made “Gehrman Sparrow” follow by her side and first plucked off his
hair before making two meat tendrils grow out from his arm before ripping
it out. It made blood gush out.
If someone very familiar with me were here, they would definitely notice a
problem because I can’t deal harm to my own body so decisively… Hmm,
perhaps in the eyes of others, the crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow, can
probably do such a deed easily… As Klein noticed a problem and gained
experience from his conclusion, he made the marionette pass through the
ajar main door of the ancient cathedral. He then handed the hair and flesh to
Panatiya.
Panatiya slowed down her pace as she took out an ugly, palm-sized puppet
and wiped the flesh over it and tied the hair around its thin neck.
She held the cursed puppet in one hand and finally stepped through the
cathedral’s door. Klein immediately got “Gehrman Sparrow” to control
their Spirit Body Threads. As for Mr. A, as he had overlapped with the
marionette, it wasn’t too much of a hassle.
Hmm, even I can do it. With the powers showcased by Zaratul, “He” totally
has the capability to help Beyonders that are not from the Seer pathway to
resolve the loss of control over Spirit Body Threads in the cathedral. This
way, as long as “He” wants the Demoness of Despair to enter, “He”
could’ve opened the door a long time ago… Why didn’t “He” do it? “He” is
unable to communicate with others beyond the cathedral? That’s why Seer
pathway Beyonders who aren’t Marionettists or higher can’t walk to
“Him”? Klein used his marionette’s senses to analyze the situation
remotely.
And inside the cathedral, the corpses remained dangling in midair. Their
heads were bowed and their eyes were rolled back. From time to time, they
would sway with the wind, producing the ravings “Hornacis… Flegrea…”
When Panatiya saw this scene, her body instantly stiffened, but she quickly
composed herself. Together with “Gehrman Sparrow,” they walked under
the “gazes” of the hanged.
Before long, they saw the pitch-black altar and the statue of the ancient
god’s descendant.
Zaratul remained sitting diagonally behind the statue, wearing a hood and
sporting a white beard.
When “Gehrman Sparrow” and Panatiya approached, “He” slowly lifted his
head and chuckled.
“Very good. Beyonders from the Seer pathway need to know how to use
their brain and not always think of fighting.”
“He” seemed to have foreseen that all of the paper figurines of “Gehrman
Sparrow” would be destroyed. “He” directly reached out “His” wrinkled
palm and grasped at something. “His” grab pulled out a yellowish-brown
goatskin and a quill filled with ink and a bottle of ink.
This made Panatiya involuntarily twitch her brows.
Zaratul picked up the quill and scribbled words and symbols before rolling
it up and handing it to “Gehrman Sparrow.”
“That’s the door-opening symbol, as well as the Bizarro Sorcerer potion
formula you want.
“They can only last for forty-five minutes and cannot be taken out.”
Klein avoided the Demoness of Despair and unfolded the goatskin,
allowing the potion formula and the door-opening symbol to appear before
his eyes.
Suddenly, his pupils constricted and nearly froze.
The door-opening symbol and the symbol provided by the Antigonus
family’s notebook via the Misfortune Cloth Puppet were mostly the same. It
was a vertical eye made up of many mysterious labels!
However, there were tiny differences in the details. A crescent pattern had
switched spots with a dotted-line label!