Chapter 967

“Revelation”
Cold winds blew across the platform at night, causing the hanging gas
lamps to sway.
The light of dusk stretched and shortened from time to time in this scene,
allowing the steam locomotive that was silently parked on the tracks to
oscillate between being cloaked in shadows or escaping the darkness. It had
an indescribable sense of gloom and death.
At this moment, a squad of black-and-white checkered policemen entered
the platform. Under the lead of the railway company’s duty manager, they
walked to the huge train that appeared old.
“For some reason, after the passengers disembarked, all the train staff,
including the train driver, returned to the carriage and never came out again.
I s-sent people to look for them and get them out to have some rest, b-but
they quickly ran out looking like that had been inflicted with a disease. All
they could do was hysterically shout, ‘they’re all dead,’ ‘they’re all dead’!”
The railway duty manager in a blue coat held a lamp, walking as he briefed
the police about the situation.
From his stammering and trembling body, the police could easily tell the
extreme horror in him. It was as though a sudden tap on his shoulder would
literally cause him to jump and abandon everything to rush for the exit.
His emotions infected the police. All of them held their hands to their waists
as they pressed onto their holsters.
Tap. Tap. Tap. The leather shoes hitting the solid, hard ground left
reverberating echoes. The police followed the duty manager and warily
entered the front carriage.
Inside the carriage, there were two people sitting in each row. They were
distributed to the left and right, and they stood away from the windows. At
that moment, they were leaning against the backs of their seats, motionless.
Through the illumination of the gas lamps outside and lanterns in their
hands, the inspectors leading them very quickly recognized the scene before
him. Here were the staff of the steam locomotive. They were wearing blue
uniforms that differed for men and women, and they were sitting in
different seats in silence. Their faces were pale and their eyes wide open.
Although there wasn’t any sounds of breathing, the corners of their lips
were curved up, revealing eight teeth.
Everyone present felt their hair stand up upon seeing the uniform smiles as
they subconsciously held their breaths.
This was an extremely bizarre and terrifying scene. All they wished was to
turn around and leave, beginning investigations only when it was bright!
The leading inspector drew two deep gasps before he instructed the
constables beside him:
“Go confirm if they a-are dead…”
Upon saying that, he glanced at the duty manager.
“Follow him and see if there’s anyone missing or excess people included.”
“A-alright, Officer,” the duty manager said with a trembling voice.
As he and the constables ventured deeper into the carriage, the other
policemen drew their revolvers and remained on high alert.
In an unbearable silence, time slowly ticked by until, finally, one of the
constables stopped at the end of the carriage, turned around, and shouted,
“It’s confirmed. All of them are dead!”
The railway manager stuttered immediately after him, “There are two
missing. The train driver and the train conductor…”
The inspector calmed down significantly when he realized that nothing had
happened all this time. he thought and said to all the constables, “Maintain
the corpses’ present state and await an autopsy.
“Meanwhile, split into two teams. One team is to head to the other carriages
to search for the train conductor and driver while the other team is to check
the scene for clues and relevant information. Once the sun rises, we will
begin investigations starting with the train personnel and the passengers
who were previously on board. We will search for any commonalities and
peculiarities.”
Although many passengers didn’t present their identification documents
when purchasing tickets, the inspector believed that it was possible to find
people who had registered themselves and learn from them of any
abnormalities on the train or passengers worth paying attention to.
Just as he said that, a biting cold wind stirred, blowing through the carriage.
When all of this came to an end, the inspector was about to emphasize his
orders when he suddenly noticed something amiss.
The steam locomotive staff members who were in their seats still had their
eyes open with their whites showing and their faces pale. However, their
mouths had closed at some point in time and were no longer showing their
eight teeth.
Inside a luxurious hotel room, the wall lamps shone brightly onto the
carpeted region where a desk stood.
Klein had transformed into Gehrman Sparrow and was sitting on a single-
seater. He had his left leg crossed over his right.
Beside him was Enzo who looked like a native. In front of him stood a row
of cultist marionettes.
They were the people involved in attempting to make a sacrifice on the
steam locomotive—the man with the lumpy cheek, the train conductor and
the train driver.
They had circled from different streets donning different looks to gather
here.
“Who made you do the sacrifice?” Klein asked in a deep voice.
After advancing to Sequence 4 and becoming a Bizarro Sorcerer, not only
was he able to read the thoughts of his marionette’s superficial
consciousness, he could also use the increased control of Spirit Body
Threads to do things similar to spirit channeling.
Of course, the higher the level of the marionette, the poorer the effects of
the spirit channeling.
After a brief silence, the conductor who was clearly Loen with rather thick
body hair said blankly, “It’s a revelation from God.”
“Which god?” Klein received the porcelain teacup from Enzo and took a
sip.
The train conductor replied in a daze, “God is God. There are no others.”
Klein lowered his cup and asked, “How did ‘He’ reveal ‘His’ revelation?
What was said exactly?”
The conductor instantly turned reverent.
“He’ gave a revelation through a divine item, requesting us to sacrifice
many lives to pleasure ‘Him.’ In return, ‘He’ will give us eternal life in
‘His’ kingdom.”
Sacrifice many lives… Compared to the Numinous Episcopate, the Rose
School of Thought prefers doing such things. They have always been
infamous for blood sacrifices… But to have eternal life in God’s kingdom is
closer to the Numinous Episcopate’s beliefs. Of course, I can’t eliminate the
possibility that it was fabricated… Klein pondered for a moment and asked,
“What divine item?”
The train driver didn’t reply as he glanced at the man with the red, lumpy
cheek.
The man then took out an item from an inner pocket.
It was a cloth doll of shabby craftsmanship with curved eyes and mouth.
“God will issue us commands at a specific time through it. I bought it at a
flea market,” the man with the lumpy cheek said slowly without any
perturbation in his tone.
This… Klein instantly thought of many possibilities before getting Enzo to
take the cloth doll and scrutinize it carefully, but he didn’t discover
anything odd.
With his experience, this meant that the problem wasn’t with the doll. That
meant that there were two possibilities: First, someone was using the doll as
a decoy while acting as a deity nearby. Second, it was a truly secret
existence who had specially labeled the item to send a revelation.
If it’s the former, the train attendants’ death would’ve been discovered, and
preparations would’ve been made… If it’s the latter, perhaps nothing has
been detected… Klein contemplated for a moment and made Enzo place the
cloth door on the desk in front of the window.
He then stood up and instantly transformed into another train attendant and
stood with the row of cultists.
Similar changes happened when Enzo returned.
After an unknown period of time, the night grew deeper.
Suddenly, on the desk bathed in crimson moonlight, the cloth doll with
curved eyes and mouth moved its limbs and slowly stood up.