Chapter 1050

: Good At Using Hypnosis
As the ancient Hermes words resounded, the areas where Audrey and Hvin
Rambis stood dimmed.
It was as if someone had passed by, blocking the window that was closest to
them, then quickly left.
By the time the light returned, the island filled with a terrifying mind storm
in the illusory world had transformed from Audrey’s to Hvin Rambis’s. The
person that had intruded on the other party’s Body of Heart and Mind went
from Hvin Rambis to Audrey.
Fate Siphon charm!
This was made using a Worm of Time as the material. Using The Fool’s
powers, this charm was created. It could siphon off a corresponding target’s
subsequent fate for a short period of time, exchanging the corresponding
fate with the user!
It was the consultation fee Audrey had received from Gehrman Sparrow
after she treated Hazel’s mental breakdown. With the corresponding charm,
she could divert her future of having her consciousness defenses broken and
losing control over her thoughts to Hvin Rambis. She then siphoned off the
Mind Storm from him and opened her target’s door to the Body of Heart
and Mind. She then directly altered and planted the corresponding
consciousness’s fate.
In an instant, the situation reversed. Audrey went from the edge of collapse
to gaining the absolute advantage.
Of course, this advantage could only last for a short period of time.
Frankly speaking, if it weren’t for her imagining how she could save herself
in a desperate situation, Audrey definitely wouldn’t have thought of using
the Fate Siphon charm. Or it could be said that, by the time she thought of
it, it would be too late. At this moment, just like how she had practiced it
countless times in her mind, she suppressed her surprised emotions from the
effects of the Fate Siphon charm and quickly confirmed her condition. With
her current advantage, she made the Hypnosis and Mind Storm swirl
together, instantly opening Hvin Rambis’s door to his Body of Heart and
Mind.
Hvin Rambis was instantly dumbfounded, as if he was an ordinary person
whose attention had been diverted to Audrey’s golden eyes and thus fall
under her hypnosis.
Yes, at this moment, as a demigod of the Spectator Pathway, he had been
controlled by Audrey, who was only a Sequence 6.
This way, even if the effects of the Fate Siphon charm came to an end, it
wouldn’t change the development in the real world!
However, Audrey knew that, with the help of the magical charm, she was
using Hvin Rambis’s powers to open the door to his Body of Heart and
Mind and achieve initial control. Whatever she wanted to do later would
definitely be rejected by him, and with her Sequence level, she had no
means to resist or control such intense power.
Furthermore, she could clearly sense that Hvin Rambis was subconsciously
resisting his current state. In the real world, a small amount of gray scales
began to appear on his
face.
In no time, he would be able to forcefully extricate himself from the state of
my initial control over his mind… A realization flashed across Audrey’s
mind.
She then cast her gaze towards Hvin Rambis’s head, feeling a little regretful
that she didn’t carry a powerful revolver with her. Otherwise, she could take
this opportunity to shoot at him several times in a row in an attempt to kill
him.
Soon, she recalled that she had Dragon Scales. She believed that Hvin
Rambis definitely had it, and that it was even stronger. It wasn’t something
an ordinary attack could tear through, even most mystical items that were at
the Mid- or Low-Sequences couldn’t do so!
And if she couldn’t kill him in one shot, Hvin Rambis would definitely be
able to use this opportunity to regain consciousness and escape her control.
Without any hesitation, Audrey, who lacked the appropriate offensive
abilities, quickly came to a decision:
Hypnotize him!
He’s best at hypnotizing and is very resistant against this, so he wouldn’t
prepare any additional items that can affect his defense… I can’t let him do
things that will be against his will. With our difference in levels, I definitely
can’t resist the corresponding subconscious resistance he puts up…
Thoughts ran through Audrey’s mind as she spread her slightly parched lips.
She tried hard not to show any signs of abnormality as she looked into Hvin
Rambis’s eyes and said in a gentle voice, “Find a spot inside Glaint’s
mansion and wait. Find me in the garden 15 minutes later…”
Such a subconscious thought didn’t stir any obvious signs of being rejected;
therefore, Audrey was able to complete her control rather smoothly. To
Hvin Rambis, he was indeed looking for Audrey today, and the venue for
the meeting was also Viscount Glaint’s mansion. Audrey’s hypnosis was
simply changing the corresponding time and place, and the discrepancies
were just in a very small aspect. It matched Hvin Rambis’s thoughts and
didn’t waste too much of his effort; therefore, she didn’t encounter any
intense resistance.
“Alright…” Hvin Rambis responded to Audrey’s words.
Audrey didn’t care to let out a sigh of relief. She focused and continued
looking into the other party’s eyes. She gently said, “You will only come
looking for me in fifteen minutes, so you haven’t seen me today.
“Since you haven’t seen me, everything that happened just now definitely
didn’t happen. They will be forgotten.”
As Hvin Rambis had accepted the hypnosis, he followed the logical train of
thought. Although there was resistance, it wasn’t anything intense. Soon,
the golden light disappeared from those alluring eyes.
“Yes, I haven’t seen you before. Nothing happened just now…” Hvin
Rambis repeated with a blank expression. The grayish-white scales on the
surface of his skin had increased significantly again.
After completing this crucial step, Audrey resisted the urge to pat her chest
and thought for a second.
“When you hear my singing, it will become quiet.”
She wanted to hypnotize him with her charm, but she realized that she
wasn’t able to take on a seductive pose, and she couldn’t make the
corresponding expressions. She could only lift her hand to comb her blonde
hair and tilt her head. The ripples in her eyes swirled as her smile beamed.
Following that, she hummed a melody, Manor Under the Moon-in a nasal
voice.
Hvin Rambis looked at the girl in front of him who looked as beautiful as
sunlight, flowers, and gems. Listening to the ethereal voice, his mind
gradually turned silent, as he no longer had any resistance.
Seeing that her initial control was about to be released, Audrey didn’t
hesitate and pointed to the other side of the corridor.
“Go over there, and you will regain consciousness and dispel Dragon Scales
when you see the stained glass.”
She knew very well that on the other side of the corridor, there were
exquisite white stained glass.
This order didn’t pose any danger, nor did it violate Hvin Rambis’s will. He
immediately took a step forward, walked down the corridor, and turned
right.
Only when his back disappeared from her sights did Audrey slowly exhale,
allowing the fear, alarm, and anxiety to surge into her heart.
Her body trembled slightly as she opened her mouth slightly. She couldn’t
help but gasp and exhale.
Ten seconds later, Audrey used Placate on herself and calmed herself down.
Then, she glanced at the wall clock and stood there, raising her hands and
placing them in front of her mouth and nose, reciting Mr. Fool’s honorific
name in a low voice.
She prayed for an angelic blessing again and requested this great existence
to tell The World Gehrman Sparrow that she had confirmed when Hvin
Rambis would arrive and would summon him two minutes ahead of time,
allowing him to arrive at the appropriate moment. There was no need to be
in a rush or to be too close to prevent Hvin Rambis from being aware of an
ambush.
During this process, Audrey only briefly mentioned what had happened.
She didn’t elaborate on it to prevent wasting any time.
Following that, she raised her hands and pressed her cheeks, completely
restoring her expression to normal. She began hypnotizing herself, allowing
herself to sing the melody the moment she saw Hvin Rambis.
After doing all of this, Audrey went to the main hall and first found the
golden retriever, Susie. She then retrieved the Lie necklace and the Alcohol
Nemesis diamond brooch. The latter, which could resist any mental
influence, could only be worn for half an hour; otherwise, the damage one’s
liver and brain suffered would be irreversible. Therefore, Audrey prepared
to wear them again after she left Glaint’s residence to prevent Hvin Rambis
from finding her midway.
Susie didn’t notice anything amiss with Audrey as she watched her wear the
brooch and necklace.
After a few minutes, Audrey folded a black fishnet glove into her equestrian
pocket and used the excuse of going to the washroom, making a detour to
Viscount Glaint’s garden.
Then, she looked at the large clock hung up on the attached tower, her mind
tensing up as she memorized the time.
To her, she was afraid that Hvin Rambis wouldn’t come, but she was also
worried that he might come early or be late.
Time passed by slowly and Audrey used Placate twice to calm herself
down.
When there was still two minutes and fifteen seconds left, she took off the
feather accessory on her hat and flicked her wrist.
The scarlet flames soared, igniting the white feather.
This was Lie’s Flame Controlling ability.
As the flames burned, they turned pale. In just two or three seconds, the
feather which was a product of Artificial Death was reduced to ashes.
Nothing happened around her.
Looking at the clock, Audrey took out a charm made of tin and recited a
word in ancient Hermes:
“Lightning!”
The charm lit up as though many tiny electric snakes were entangling with
it.
It was a charm that summoned Gehrman Sparrow.
When the lightning dissipated, the charm completely disintegrated and
melted into the void. However, there was still silence without so much as a
sound.
Xio and Fors should’ve found a Church of Evernight cathedral and begun
praying… Audrey calmed down and pretended to enjoy the flowers of the
remaining autumn days.
She didn’t lift her head to look at the large clock, counting the time in her
heart.
Three, two, one… She slowly raised her head and looked around, but she
didn’t see Hvin Rambis.
He discovered something strange and distanced himself from this place?
Audrey’s heart tightened as she couldn’t help but think back to what she
had missed.
At that moment, she heard a gentle voice:
“What are you looking for?”
Audrey’s pupils dilated. From the corner of her eye, she realized that the
silver-haired, blue-eyed Hvin Rambis had appeared beside her at some
point in time, a hint of suspicion hidden in his voice.
Having already hypnotized herself, she didn’t hesitate at all. She followed
her subconscious and started humming the melodic “Manor Under the
Moon.”
Amidst the ethereal voice, Hvin Rambis calmed down and listened
attentively.
Suddenly, he realized that the distance between him and Audrey had
become very far despite them remaining in their respective spots.
The dark night enveloped the garden despite it being late in the afternoon. A
huge crimson moon rose over the top of the building as a figure stood there,
wearing a black trench coat and a half top hat. His face looked hazy due to
the back lighting.