Chapter 303

: Rookie
North Borough, Aulka Street.
Kapusky Reid was sitting in a reclining chair in his activity room, lost in
thought. In front of him was a fireplace burning with charcoal.
As a senior educator at a public school, he received a salary of more than
four pounds a week, which was enough for a bachelor like him to live quite
well, but the clothes he wore at home were patched up, and the teacups on
the table looked extremely simple.
Without taking off his wig, the most striking thing about Kapusky was his
high cheekbones and puffed-up chest—a deformity in which the sternum
protruded outwards.
On his knee was a book of poems in ancient Feysac, but he hadn’t flipped a
single page even after some time had passed.
Kapusky’s eyes were unfocused as he stared blankly when he suddenly
heard a light chuckle in his ear.
“I’m very curious as to why you didn’t run and chose to remain at home.
Aren’t you afraid of the police coming for you?”
The voice was low and hoarse, like a boy whose voice was cracking during
puberty.
Kapusky shuddered and almost jumped out of his reclining chair.
He abruptly turned his head to look and saw that there was a figure sitting
on the sofa a few steps away from him!
The figure wore summer wear—a linen shirt and light trousers. Its face was
hazy and indistinct.
“Wh-who are you? What are you doing here?” Kapusky asked immediately
as he gripped the armrest.
Klein, who had used his hallucination powers, leaned back, crossed his
hands, and leisurely said, “Just last night, heh, it should be earlier this
morning, I saved all of you.”
“Saved us?” Kapusky relaxed a little when he realized that the intruder
didn’t seem to mean any harm. “Y-you’re that person in the forest? You
took care of the corpse we awakened?”
As he spoke, he moved awkwardly, showing obvious fear.
He was able to infiltrate without me realizing it while I was awake. I
definitely wouldn’t be able to resist… Such thoughts quickly flashed
through Kapusky’s mind.
“You guys are quite lucky that I happened to pass by; otherwise, there
would only be corpses left strewn on the ground in the forest—corpses that
would’ve been bitten to shreds.” Klein laughed. “Answer my previous
question, I’m very curious why you stayed at home. Do you know what
crimes you’ve committed?”
From the way that he had conducted the resurrection ritual and the reaction
he had before and after the ritual, Klein had confirmed that Kapusky was a
rookie who didn’t have the means to hide his true emotions. Therefore, he
intended to only use Spirit Vision and interrogation to get to the bottom of
the matter. At most, he would verify it with divination at the end.
“I-I know, secretly buying corpses and robbing corpses from tombs. These
are all crimes that can land me in jail for more than ten years. Moreover, I’ll
definitely be punished by the Church.” Kapusky, who didn’t look thirty,
drew a breath and said with a wry smile, “However, as long as I didn’t
cause too much trouble, those children and their parents wouldn’t snitch on
me because they also did the same thing. Even if they wanted to get a
lighter sentence by helping the investigation by turning themselves in, they
would still end up in jail for some time.”
“Heh.” Kapusky gave a self-deprecating laugh. “Some of the children have
already told their parents who I am. They’ve gotten gangsters to warn me to
resign within a week and stay away from school. I agreed.”
Klein gently nodded his head.
“It’s a good thing to change environments. Of course, don’t do similar
things again. Bewitching ignorant children to commit crimes is a heinous
act.”
“I won’t, never again. I never imagined that it would be that dangerous. I
just saw that they had the same interests as I did which was why I wanted to
teach them and lead them to search for the secrets of immortality. As for
digging graves, many doctors did it a long time ago.” Kapusky sighed with
some lingering fear.
The color of his emotions matches his current state of mind… From the
sound of it, he doesn’t seem to be a member of the Numinous Episcopate…
Klein thought for a moment, then he bluntly asked, “Where did you learn
the Spirit Dance from?”
“Spirit Dance? Ah, I usually call it the Dance of Death.” Kapusky was taken
aback at first before he came to a realization. “An old gentleman taught it to
me.”
“An old gentleman?” Klein pressed.
Kapusky’s mind turned adrift as he recalled his memories.
“He was a vagabond. He fainted in front of my house because of a serious
illness.
“At the time, I didn’t know that he was ill. I thought he had simply fallen
unconscious, so I helped him home. I gave him a heated towel and applied
some ointment for him.
“After he woke up, he told me not to send him to a hospital or clinic and
that death was not the end.
“I experienced the deaths of my parents and several relatives and was very
interested in such things. So, I chatted with him and found out that he had
profound knowledge and an admirable philosophy in this area. He seemed
to be very satisfied with my curiosity and even performed a miracle of
killing a mosquito and waking it up.”
This introduction… I’ve read at least ten novels with similar openings in my
previous life. They were all novels about bringing an old grandpa, who was
on the brink of death, home out of kindness, only to have a fortuitous
encounter… Klein’s mouth twitched.
“So, you left him at home?”
Kapusky nodded solemnly and said, “Yes. If it wasn’t for the lack of time, I
would have even wanted to become his student.
“During those few days, he taught me a lot of knowledge and the Dance of
Death. Unfortunately, this period of time was too brief. As soon as I built
momentum, he died, leaving behind only a copper whistle.”
Before he finished his sentence, Kapusky took out an exquisite copper
whistle that didn’t seem old.
“This is it.”
I have one too… It’s probably at the Ancestor grade though… Klein
lampooned, and he thoughtfully asked, “How long ago was this? What did
he look like? Where did you bury him?”
“Half a year ago. His most obvious feature was his graying hair and red
spots on the side of his face. He told me to bury him in the garden out
back.” Kapusky did a calculation of the dates.
It’s not Mr. Azik, but the chances are that he’s a member of the Numinous
Episcopate and not someone of a low Sequence… Klein changed the subject
and asked, “Apart from the Spirit Dance, you also learned the resurrection
ritual?”
“I’ve only learned half of that ritual. I used some scattered knowledge and
folklore to slowly improve it bit by bit,” Kapusky answered very honestly.
Improved it based on folklore? Oh, that poor black cat, may the Goddess
bless you…Klein resisted the urge to draw a crimson moon on his chest.
“What else?” he pressed.
“Yes, and this copper whistle. I think it’s the key to communicating with the
world beyond our senses.” Kapusky raised it and blew at it, sighing. “Every
time I finish blowing it, I can feel the surroundings turn cold. It’s as if
someone is watching me and tugging at me…”
While he was speaking, Klein, who had his Spirit Vision activated, saw
water patterns ripple out from the ground. A cold air spread out alongside it,
and the fire and light dimmed a little.
Next, a skull with three protruding, unfocused eyes emerged from the
ground. Around the skull, there were many black jointed tentacles.
A tentacle reached out, touching Kapusky’s leg and tugged at his clothes
from time to time, appearing rather impatient. However, Kapusky didn’t
respond at all, as though he hadn’t noticed.
Is this a messenger? The copper whistle is used to summon their
corresponding messengers… What’s the meaning of you summoning it
without giving it a letter?Klein was stunned seeing this scene.
At that moment, Kapusky looked at him excitedly.
“Did you feel it? The surroundings turned cold! The gas lamps have
dimmed too!
“I’m not lying! Someone is watching me and tugging at me!”
The horrific-looking messenger tried to touch Kapusky, over and over
again, but in the end, it didn’t receive a letter and went back “underground”
in resignation.
The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched slightly as he saw this scene. He
whispered to himself in his heart, I take back what I said about him. He’s
not a rookie, he’s an utter noob.
He’s not even a Beyonder!
I had thought that he was someone who had just stepped through the door
of mysticism to learn the basics, but now, it seems like he hasn’t even found
the location of the door…
Corpse Collectors of the Death Sequence pathway can all see ghosts and
spirit bodies directly…
Combined with how Kapusky had acted by using the copper whistle to
command the zombie after the ritual, Klein was convinced that he wasn’t
lying. He sighed silently.
Then, he thought of a question, If I were to write a note and hand it to that
messenger, where would it be delivered?
A true member of the Numinous Episcopate? Some senior member?
Suppressing this thought, Klein nodded and said, “It has indeed turned
cold.”
After replying, he quickly changed the topic. “Have you felt anything
unusual since the old gentleman’s death?”
“Eh… Not before, but in the last two weeks, I’d have the occasional feeling
that someone around me is like a corpse—the kind that can be awoken.”
Kapusky asked feeling both curious and afraid, “Is it a hallucination?”
It’s in line with what Adol said. He isn’t lying… Klein stole a glance at the
colors of Kapusky’s aura and sincerely told him, “I suggest that you go to a
cathedral at least three times a week for the next two months, attend mass,
and listen to preachings.
“If you do not wish to do so, you can first prepare a grave for yourself.”
“Alright…” Kapusky answered, feeling disappointed.
He thought that it was a manifestation of his improvement!
Klein contemplated for a moment and said in a commanding tone, “Take
me to the old gentleman’s corpse.”
“Ah? Okay.” Kapusky was about to refuse, but then he instantly recognized
the reality of the situation he was in.
He picked up his tools and led Klein out the back door from the kitchen,
into a withered garden, and stopped in front of a slanted tree.
Klein stood by his side and watched Kapusky skillfully dig through the dirt,
revealing the slate underneath.
Having finished with the upper layer, Kapusky used his tools to pry open
the slate.
Oof!
The slate was pressed against the soil that had been dug out just moments
ago. The not-so-deep tomb was veiled in the crimson moon’s luster that
faintly penetrated through the clouds.
Kapusky subconsciously looked over when he suddenly let out a miserable
scream, retreated a few steps, and fell to the ground.
There was no rotting corpse or bones in the tomb. The bottom layer was
littered with white feathers, dyed in yellow oil!