Chapter 1235

Most Valued Support
The silver-black, three-tiered accessory box with many embedded gems
quickly opened, revealing the interior of the second level.
It was dark. Even the surrounding barriers seemed to blend in with it. It
gave one the feeling that it was a pocket of infinite space.
In an instant, the darkness lit up with countless resplendent speckles, as if
they had transformed into a miniature cosmos, a miniature universe.
These bright points of light rapidly spun as the surrounding scene changed
several times in a second.
What Klein expected was to move Abomination Suah, the Rose School of
Thought Shaman, and many of their followers to the ruins of the battle of
the gods. By making them leave the Southern Continent, they wouldn’t be
able to immediately sense that Klarman had been attacked. This way, they
wouldn’t be able to provide any timely and effective assistance. However,
the second level of the Box of the Great Old Ones had an element of
randomness to it. The act of sending things to the designated scene
succeeded a handful of times. Most of the time, the selected destination
would suffer an unavoidable change. This was something that couldn’t be
influenced with luck, and at the very least, no one below Sequence 0 could
do so.
Therefore, when he opened the second level of the Box of the Great Old
Ones, Klein didn’t know what would happen. It was the same as not using
any Beyonder powers to cheat at gambling. He had to rely solely on
observation to push out all his chips. This left his heart filled with anxiety.
Of course, he wasn’t too worried. No matter where the Box of the Great Old
Ones brought him and Miss Messenger, it was impossible to harm him in
any way. After all, Reinette Tinekerr was fake, the Box of the Great Old
Ones was fake, and even he himself was fake.
With this in consideration, even if he was thrown underground by the Box
of the Great Old Ones and faced a terrifying corruption, Klein could
instantly dispel the Historical Void projection, enter Sefirah Castle to do a
complete “disinfection” and sever all connections.
Building on this foundation, he had the ability to help Miss Messenger’s
main body resist the corruption. Since it wasn’t directly experienced—
through the layer of a historical projection—the outcome was relatively
better.
The only thing he needed to worry about was that the random scene
selected by the Box of the Great Old Ones was where Miss Sharron and
Emlyn were attacking Shaman King Klarman. That way, it would be
equivalent to leading the main enemy force to head straight for his
headquarters. This meant that they could only consider giving up on the
operation, and he and Reinette Tinekerr would undertake the responsibility
of helping all participants escape from the battlefield and escape the
Southern Continent.
The probability of this happening was very low, but he had to be wary.
At that moment, due to the influence of Abomination Suah’s aura, Klein’s
spirituality had “frozen” quite a bit. It seemed to bind his body and soul, but
it still flowed into the Box of the Great Old Ones, maintaining its open
state.
In the blink of an eye, the scene in the second level of the Box of the Great
Old Ones changed, revealing a tiny, vast sea.
Klein, Reinette Tinekerr, Abomination Suah, the hooded Shaman King, and
many Rose School of Thought believers and subordinates saw endless
yellow sand and the extreme cold of the night.
Other than the projection of the Chained God, all the living beings on the
battlefield were instantly transported to a desert!
As for the projection, due to the departure of Abomination Suah, the
connection was severed, preventing “His” powers from seeping into reality.
Without the luxury of time to examine where he was currently, Klein
dispelled the Box of the Great Old Ones and snapped his fingers,
summoning a scarlet flame as he constantly jumped within them.
He had done so to avoid the attention of Abomination Suah, as well as grab
the opportunity to complete the summoning of the Historical Void
projection.
At that moment, he heard an extremely evil roar. His mind suddenly went
blank, and he temporarily lost all his thoughts.
The scarlet flames he was immersed in came alive as well and, like a cage,
bound him to the ground.
With just a roar and the influence of some auras, Abomination Suah had
already restrained him to a certain extent.
If it wasn’t for the fact that Reinette Tinekerr, who was in “Her” peak
condition, was his teammate, Klein’s projection would’ve been helplessly
executed. Perhaps his actual body would suffer certain effects.
At this moment, the huge doll the size of a castle took a step forward and
opened its tightly shut mouth.
There was no sound, but the distorted “wood” that was covered in pitch-
black liquid seemed to encounter a flood dike. It repelled backward and
raised the arms with strange protruding objects.
This was a curse that Reinette Tinekerr had been silently accumulating for a
very, very long time. The root of the curse was the anger, hatred, and “Her”
grudge that had emerged after “She” suffered an attack!
However, Abomination Suah didn’t show any obvious changes. “He” only
staggered a little and froze for a second before returning to normal.
High-level existences were always able to restrain low-level Beyonders of
the same pathway. They could even exert a certain influence over space!
And using this opportunity to escape the restraints of the flames, Klein used
Creeping Hunger to flash to another side, avoiding the Blood Moon Arrow
created by the Rose School of Thought’s Shaman King.
He didn’t dare to look directly at Abomination Suah. He seized the
opportunity and reached out with his right hand to pull out from the void
ahead.
This time, he didn’t drag anything out.
Klein continued Blinking about and repeated his actions. Then, he
successfully dragged out a figure. It was none other than the leader of the
Church of Evernight’s ascetics, the angel of the Concealment domain,
Arianna, who wore a simple linen robe and a tree bark belt!
My report from before worked after all… A thought flashed through his
mind as he activated Creeping Hunger once again and teleported elsewhere.
The eyes of Arianna’s projection darted slightly as her eyes instantly turned
dark and deep. Following that, she joined in the battle between Reinette
Tinekerr and Abomination Suah.
With “Her” help, Reinette Tinekerr, who was in a rather difficult situation
and trying hard to create opportunities for him, finally managed to catch
“Her” breath. “She” didn’t get possessed by Abomination Suah, nor did
“She” become a real doll.
The Rose School of Thought’s Shaman King showcased his well-rounded
aspect towards the Darkness and Moon domains. He attempted to use spells
like “Abyss Shackles” to restrict Klein’s movement, but the short-distance
“Blinking” was simply too effective. Without the projection of the Chained
God and “His” influence of the surrounding area, and the interference of
Abomination, Klein was like a fish in water. He was free and relaxed. He
only needed to consider how to deal with his enemy’s spells every two
“Teleports.”
However, the Shaman King could hardly stop him in an effective manner
due to the unpredictability of where he would appear next.
During this process, Klein grabbed at the void a few more times until he
dragged out a figure.
This figure had bronze skin, black hair, and brown eyes. His facial features
were soft and his gaze was cold. He wore a deep black robe embroidered
with golden thread. He wore a golden crown and was none other than the
former Death Consul, Azik Eggers!
Another angel… The Shaman King’s eyelids twitched as he watched. At
this moment, Abomination Suah suddenly inserted multiple black arms into
the desert.
The desert nearby boiled and was blanketed with a thick black liquid. This
extended into the distance and invaded the void, disrupting the overlapping
of reality and the spirit world.
Taking advantage of the fact that his teleportation wasn’t completely
affected, Klein “Blinked” behind Mr. Azik. With “Him” shielding him, he
quickly grabbed at the air a few times.
His arm suddenly sank and he pulled out a silvery-white snake’s tail.
Another angel!
The reason why he dared to directly summon the three angels was because
this Historical Void projection of his was summoned by Reinette Tinekerr
using the Staff of the Stars. The spirituality consumed was borne by this
Ancient Bane, not Fors.
Otherwise, Fors would’ve already fainted the moment the Servant of
Concealment, Arianna, descended. There was no way she could endure
spirituality expenditure such as this.
Fors’s purpose was to first summon Gehrman Sparrow’s historical
projection so that he had plenty of time to set up the ritual and bring the
Staff of the Stars to the real world. Then, the maintenance of the historical
projection would be dispelled, allowing him to return to the fog and have
Reinette Tinekerr summoned another him.
In less than ten seconds, as Abomination Suah had focused his attention on
Reinette Tinekerr and subconsciously belittled Klein, leading “Him” to not
only losing the help of the Chained God’s projection, but also being thrown
from the state of being the one who had laid in ambush to the one being
besieged by four powerful angels.
Without any hesitation, this Sequence 1 angel opened “His” mouth and
chanted in ancient Hermes words. “He” had once again prayed to the
Chained God.
…
When the Door of Summoning opened in front of Shaman King Klarman,
just the extension of two trembling hands was enough for a thought to
abruptly flash across Emlyn White’s mind.
The other angel of the Rose School of Thought, the King of Curses,
Barranca!
This was information provided by Sharron and Maric.
Upon seeing this, Emlyn’s mind tensed up. Without any hesitation, he
waved his arm and threw the Vision of White at the Door of Summoning!
This was partly because he was experiencing a battle at the demigod level
for the first time, so he couldn’t help but overreact. On the other hand, he
wasn’t worried about losing the Vision of White. After all, it belonged to the
Sanguine. At worst, he would repay it in the future over time.
At the same time, even without the Sealed Artifact, he still had other
mystical items to use, such as Leymano’s Travels.
With the notebook, Emlyn could summon the Unshadowed Crucifix to
replace the Vision of White.
After the eyeball-shaped glass sphere flew out, it continuously absorbed the
light along the way, bringing with it extreme darkness.
When it got close to the Door of Summoning, the Vision of White suddenly
exploded into an extremely brilliant glow. Like a blazing sun at noon, it
enveloped both the hands and the door, melting away all evil, degenerate,
darkness, filth, and undead auras.
The full blood moon on Klarman’s forehead was clearly affected. All the
light beams were compressed to his side, preventing him from affecting his
surroundings.
Seizing this opportunity, Sharron’s figure that appeared in midair distorted,
turning into a human-sized puppet.
This puppet was identical to Shaman King Klarman. It had messy, black-
and-white hair and a pair of bright red eyes.
As for Emlyn, he raised his left arm and revealed a translucent ring that was
worn outside his gloved index finger.
The ring seemed to be made of light-red amber, and there was a blood-
colored gem embedded on it.
Lilith’s Ring!
This was a ring personally made by the Sanguine Ancestor, the ancient
goddess, Lilith.
It could project a door that led deep into the spirit world for a certain
amount of time, summoning an unknown creature.
Emlyn wasn’t sure what he would obtain. He only knew that, under normal
circumstances, the summoned object was usually slightly stronger than him,
but the possibility of directly pulling out a demigod wasn’t impossible.
At the tip of the ring, the blood-colored gem emitted a faint glow as an
illusory door covered in mysterious patterns appeared in front of Emlyn.
The door creaked open, the gap in the door widening.
Shaman King Klarman had just recovered his senses from the Sun’s
illumination when he saw a moon rise up behind the Door of Summoning.
It was a bright moon, one that was slightly silver in color.