Chapter 549

: High Elf
As the layered sounds of the illusory pleas rang in his ears, Klein felt as
though he possessed a corporeal body. The deepest part of his head
throbbed with pain, so much so that he yearned to slam his head into the
wall to alleviate the pain with more pain.
The scenes of different people praying to him made him feel an
uncontrollable and abnormally terrifying sense of dizziness. It was as if he
was walking the edge of a deep abyss and could fall down at any moment.
It was only because he had his Spirit Body reinforced with the Dark
Emperor card and Azik’s copper whistle, as well as being accustomed to
being prayed to, which had prevented him from losing control straight away
like other non-demigod Beyonders. They would’ve already collapsed to the
ground in pain, turning into a monster or erupting into a mess of flesh and
blood.
All of the Beyonder characteristics in this area have combined together to
form a Sealed Artifact with the help of the serpent fang. Moreover, the
degree of danger and negative effects have far surpassed that of a Grade 2
Sealed Artifact… Klein didn’t rashly move forward but instead took a few
steps back and left the area where the praying voices were concentrated, to
ease the pain and dizziness that would’ve caused his Spirit Body to
collapse.
He stood next to Kalvetua’s mashed body which resembled slush, and he
stared at the white scepter that was embedded in the half-collapsed pillar.
He considered how he could take it away.
At the same time, he naturally chose a name for the Sealed Artifact: Sea
God Scepter!
Yes, from the feelings and reaction just now, I can barely get close to it and
pull it out, but I can only last a few seconds. There’s no way for me to hold
it or use it… However, it doesn’t matter. Once I have it in my hand, I’ll
terminate the summoning ritual and return above the gray fog. There, I can
effectively block the thousands of prayers and any of the still-unknown
negative effects. It will allow me to study it with ease… Klein quickly came
up with an idea.
In his wraith state, he could instinctively communicate with the spirit world
to receive a revelation without the need to toss a coin.
His spiritual intuition told him that doing so wouldn’t be too dangerous.
After making up his mind, Klein began to clean up the mess and take the
opportunity to see what he could find in the ancient elven ruins.
He first headed to the corner and picked up the translucent Biological
Poison Bottle, screwed the lid back on, and stuffed it into his body. Then, he
turned around to find an iron cigar case that was half-hidden beneath the
slushy remains of Kalvetua.
This… I thought it had been swallowed by Kalvetua and corroded into
dregs… Klein clicked his tongue in wonder and quickly walked over.
Because he had been left feeling numb from the discharged electric currents
from the seawater, he raised his right hand, allowing the iron cigar case to
float slowly in the air before landing in his palm.
Klein glanced around and saw that the surface of the iron cigar case was
covered with corrosion marks. However, it was still barely usable. As for
the other items that were sucked away by the seawater whirlpool back then,
there were no signs of them.
The aura of the gray fog made Kalvetua uncomfortable, so it vomited it out
right away, or has this iron cigar case undergone some sort of mutation that
makes it not prone to corrosion, allowing it to survive until Kalvetua died?
Amidst his puzzlement, Klein placed the cigar case into his body, planning
to study it after he left.
Under such circumstances, he was in a race against time. He couldn’t afford
even the slightest delay, because Klein didn’t know when the Church of
Storms and the kingdom’s military would find this place!
He walked around the half-collapsed pillar from a distance and entered the
rear of the hall which had almost completely collapsed.
There should’ve been many murals here, but with the destruction of the
walls, they had all disappeared. Klein flew all the way to the end before
seeing about a third of an exquisite throne being buried by stones and
pillars.
On the left side of the throne, there was half of a mural that depicted a
confrontation between two figures.
Looking down on the enemy from above was a man treading waves with
dark clouds above him. He seemed to have storms draped over him as he
had relatively softer features. His contours had an oriental trait from Klein’s
past life. He held a spear formed of pure lightning in his hand against an
ocean that had drowned everything.
Beneath the man was a man wearing a simple white robe. His face was
blurry, and it was difficult to discern his age. It was only barely possible to
tell that he was a man.
There was a halo behind the head of the white-robed man. It quietly emitted
a bright light like the sun.
Beneath his feet was an illusionary circle with twelve segments. Each
segment had symbols representing different times.
Behind him was a shadow that was like a curtain, and within the shadows, it
appeared as though there was an eye peeking out from it.
Relying on his solid foundation in mysticism and rich knowledge from
many sources, Klein quickly made an interpretation.
Waves, storms, dark clouds, lightning… This should be the ancient god, Elf
King Soniathrym… Indeed, he’s just like the legends, with the rather soft
facial features of an elf… This ancient Lord of Storms doesn’t give off any
irascible vibes, and his looks are surprisingly good. Heh, this is a mural in
an elven ruin, so it’s normal for them to beautify their own deity…
The sun-like halo and the twelve circular segments that symbolizes time,
this… Isn’t this the father of Amon and Adam, the Creator who’s known in
the outside world as the ancient Sun God and is revered in the City of Silver
as the omnipotent and omniscient God? There’s a shadow curtain behind
him, and behind it hides an eye… Yes, one of the images of the True Creator
is the Eye behind the Shadow Curtains 1 !
As expected, this is the Creator who took back the ancient gods’ authorities
with eight King of Angels following him?
Is this mural a depiction of Elf King Soniathrym’s battle against the
Creator?
Klein retracted his gaze and began searching for something of value.
Following his spiritual intuition, he came to the throne, reached into the
base of the collapsed stones and pillars, and pulled out an object.
It was a flattened golden wine cup.
Its surface was engraved with intricate patterns, and its wine leg was
already bent. At the bottom was a row of elven words: “Calamity,
Cohinem.”
The original owner of this ruin is a high elf named Cohinem? Did he, or
should I say “He” have the title of Calamity? Hmm… It matches the Book
of Calamity that Leticia and company found. Both ruins should belong to
the high elf, Cohinem, and there should be some kind of miraculous
connection between them… Unfortunately, this golden wine cup is just a
simple wine cup. It carries a bit of spirituality simply because it’s inscribed
with the true name of the high elf… If Cohinem hadn’t fallen, just a real
name would imbue the wine cup with extraordinary powers. What a pity…
Klein initially judged that Cohinem was completely dead because Sea God
Kalvetua had inherited his powers.
However, Klein couldn’t be too sure, because despite it being hundreds or
thousands of years later, the Book of Calamity still had the quality of
driving Leticia, a Beyonder whose Sequence wasn’t too low, to lose control.
Furthermore, it doesn’t seem like it’s something Sea God Kalvetua was
capable of… Could the high elf, Cohinem, have the ability to split his
Beyonder characteristics? Kalvetua only inherited a portion. Most of the
remaining Beyonder characteristics is the source of the Book of Calamity’s
unique quality?
Cohinem is dead, but he hasn’t completely perished?
Of course, Kalvetua, who swallowed Cohinem’s Beyonder characteristic,
was just a beast without intelligence. No one knows what happened at that
time; perhaps some of the characteristics were lost and formed a Sealed
Artifact. After Kalvetua’s defeat, it fell into the hands of the Church of
Storms…
Yes, I’ll ask Little Sun via The World at the Tarot Gathering next week. He
should know who Cohinem is. Actually, there’s no need to ask; he’ll be
offering two pages of ancient god legends. Perhaps there might be a
detailed description of high elves next time…
After thinking it through, Klein stuffed the wine cup into his body. After all,
this was made of gold, and even if the high elf, Cohinem, wasn’t dead and
had some sort of connection with the wine cup, the gray fog could still
block him out.
After a thorough check, and seeing that there was nothing of note, Klein
quickly flew back outside and picked up the black hardwood cane before
wiping out any traces of the battle.
Then, he took out a paper figurine. With a casual shake, he threw it into the
seawater, causing it to quickly turn soggy before reducing to dust.
The earlier parts can be interfered with, but I won’t have the time or
opportunity for the rest… Luckily, I am now disguised as Dark Emperor…
As for the remains of Kalvetua, his flesh no longer have any value, and his
bones are too heavy. It might affect my ability to wield the Sea God
Scepter… With the help of Cogitation, Klein stabilized his state and quickly
flew towards the white bone staff on the half-collapsed pillar.
Again, the sounds of illusory pleas filled his ears. Either pious, crying,
fanatic, or numbed worshipers filled his vision, and the throbbing and
dizziness became more and more intense.
Relying on his rich experience and the Spirit Body reinforcement from
using the Dark Emperor card and Azik’s copper whistle, Klein barely
managed to hold on until he finally arrived beside the Sea God Scepter.
He extended his right hand, and he grasped the middle section of the white-
boned scepter.
As soon as the two made contact, the scene before Klein’s eyes became
clear, and the buzzing sound beside his ears instantly became real.
He saw the bald, wheelchair-bound rebel, Kalat, collapsed on the ground,
struggling to reach the shattered figurine of Kalvetua, chanting its honorific
name over and over, his eyes filled with despair.
He saw Edmonton, with his blue sea serpent tattoo, prostrating himself in
front of another Kalvetua figurine which was strangely bleeding, constantly
knocking his head against the ground, creating a bloody mess.
In the slums, he saw believers hiding in their homes, weeping and praying
numbly.
…
Klein’s black armor couldn’t support his body anymore as it quickly
collapsed.
At the same time, his solidified “muscles” tightened as he exerted strength
with his hands. Amidst the layers of resonating prayers and numerous clear
scenes, he suddenly pulled out the short white bone staff that symbolized
the Sea God’s authority!
Whoosh!
The seawater in the ruins surged violently, either churning or transforming
into a whirlpool.
Klein calmly held onto the Sea God Scepter with his pitch-black crown
before immediately vanishing. He directly returned above the gray fog.
When the familiar towering palace entered his sight, the sounds of praying
and the hallucinatory scenes in front of him had already disappeared.
Sitting on the high-back chair belonging to The Fool, Klein lifted his right
hand and examined the Sea God Scepter inlaid with blue gems and stained
with some darkness and the light of dawn.
Countless points of light floated around the Sealed Artifact. Each point of
light seemed to correspond to a praying believer. This caused the milky-
white body of the scepter to glow with psychedelic and holy streams of
light.
At this moment, Klein felt like this scepter was the true body of the Sea
God!