Chapter 1176

: Plot
1176 Plo
In the face of the angel’s embrace, Colin Iliad wasn’t astonished. He
accepted everything with a calm expression, as though he was already
prepared.
The ritual began. He took a step forward, picked up the Silver Knight
potion, and poured it into his mouth.
Without a sound, this Demon Hunter’s body swelled up, turning into a
grayish-blue giant with bluish-black veins covering him. He stood several
meters tall, with black cracks on his forehead.
Every inch of this giant contained the indescribable power of mystery and
terror. Apart from his head which still retained the appearance of a human,
the rest of his body was akin to a Mythical Creature that exerted a strange
mental influence.
In the next second, the skull underlying Colin Iliad’s head seemed to soften
as it sank inwards. With the black crack as its core, his head slowly
squirmed, as though it was forming a nebulous vortex.
Such pain made the City of Silver’s Chief, who had killed many powerful
creatures, unable to restrain himself. He let out a series of howling cries that
could make the minds of ordinary creatures split apart.
If it wasn’t for the fact that Colin Iliad had already evacuated the members
of the spire in advance, leaving behind only the demigod-level Waite
Chirmont to watch over him and prevent any accidents from happening,
many Beyonders would’ve definitely lost control.
The remains of the six powerful living creatures that were situated in
different spots floated up under the invisible power of the ritual, circling the
mutated Colin Iliad, using some sort of mysterious connection to awaken
some of the memories of this peerless Demon Hunter.
It was the experience of hunting “demons.” It was him painfully ending the
former Chief’s attack with his own hands. It was his life of defeating
powerful monsters again and again.
These manifestations appeared like painting on an altar. Sometimes, they
would be integrated into Colin Iliad, and sometimes they would be
extracted from him, helping him define himself. He maintained a certain
level of clarity during the extreme pain and changes.
Only at this moment did Colin Iliad finally understand the essence of the
ritual.
As a Sequence 4 Demon Hunter, the hunting of every powerful creature was
a battle of intense mental catharsis. It left a deep impression in his life.
With these powerful mental imprints, he was able to locate himself after
consuming the potion, and not be lost in pain and madness.
This made Colin Iliad recall a term recorded in some of the books in the
City of Silver: “Anchor”!
At Sequence 3, he was considered a deity in a certain sense. He could
respond to prayers within a certain range, so an anchor was required.
As this wasn’t the level of an angel, an anchor didn’t necessarily need to be
a believer. It could be replaced by other things, such as the clear marks in
one’s life that had meaning in mysticism.
In the memories that had been awakened, Colin Iliad slowly regained his
self-awareness. He felt his body again and grasped its changes.
Right on the heels of that, a layer of wings formed from illusory light
extended out from behind him. They fused with the surrounding “paintings”
as they constantly shrank inwards. The surface of Colin Iliad’s body
collapsed into a silver armor that was firm and beautiful, but it didn’t
possess any weight to it.
After the Demon Hunter advanced to a Silver Knight, due to the difference
in the deity’s blessing, there would be minute differences between Silver
Knights. Previously, the leader of the King Court’s Chasers, Light Culler
Murskogan, had received blessings from the Giant King. Therefore, the
various aspects of the Silver Knight domain were much stronger.
On the other hand, Colin Iliad could occasionally make his body condense a
Silver Rapier that could teleport. While in combat, it would appear at
random during an attack, with beneficial tendencies, bringing about
unpredictable changes.
In addition, he could also obtain a certain uniqueness when using Mercury
Liquefaction.
As the silver armor finally took form, Colin Iliad had completed his
advancement. Apart from not having a single vertical eye on his head, he
was equivalent to a Mythical Creature.
At this moment, he raised his right hand and waved it to the side.
At a small hill outside the City of Silver, a silver beam erupted out of thin
air. It tore apart everything around it, splitting the small hill into two halves.
…
During Colin Iliad’s advancement to Silver Knight, Derrick Berg completed
the bestowment ritual and obtained a small metal tube.
Seizing the opportunity of the City of Silver’s Chief creating abnormalities
and drawing away most of the attention, Klein suddenly reached out while
in the ancient palace above the gray fog. He had summoned a bullet and
Death Knell from the Historical Void.
Right on the heels of that, he did a divination in advance, confirming that
there weren’t any signs of Amon’s parasites around Little Sun. Without any
hesitation, he opened the revolver’s cylinder and stuffed the Deceit bullet
into it.
Pa!
With a shake of his right hand, he closed the cylinder and used the
mysticism connection to aim at the spot where he had died.
Bang!
He calmly pulled the trigger and fired the only bullet.
At the same time, taking advantage of this Beyonder effect, he willed
Sefirah Castle’s powers into mobilizing.
The gray fog boiled once again, including the space around them. A
majestic but slightly dark energy surged out like a tidal wave, wrapping
around the bullet, passing through the gap and shooting towards the real
world.
The light in Sefirah Castle suddenly dimmed. Suppressing his fear and
horror, Klein used Death Knell’s historical projection to simulate the feeling
of a sudden descent. He “leaped” towards the crimson star representing The
Sun and leaped towards the tiny tube of his blood.
On the barren moors of Chernobyl, all of the Amons wearing pointed hats
raised “Their” heads and looked at the lightning that streaked across the
sky. “They” looked at a deep and quiet swath that even the lightning
couldn’t illuminate.
The Amons nudged “Their” monocles, and after a moment of silence,
“They” laughed.
“He doesn’t seem like someone who can come up with such a solution…
“Pallez?
“‘He’ joined this organization codenamed the Tarot Club?”
…
In the Berg household in the City of Silver.
The darkness in front of Derrick suddenly turned dark, as if the candles in
the room had been burned to ashes.
To the residents of the City of Silver, this wasn’t a good thing. Derrick’s
eyes immediately lit up with the light of the sun.
At that moment, bits of light burst out from the deep darkness like
transparent squirming worms.
The metal tube that Derrick had received shattered automatically as fresh
red blood floated out from it and suspended itself in midair. It didn’t spread
apart but instead merged with the fragments of light.
In just two or three seconds, these “light fragments” condensed into one,
forming a huge ball of light.
The spherical light ball stretched out and changed, quickly forming a figure.
The figure had a deep outline and a cold expression. He wore a silk half top
hat and a black coat while holding a black iron-black revolver. It was none
other than Gehrman Sparrow.
Having successfully deceived the laws of mysticism, Klein used the help of
his old blood to complete his resurrection!
Without needing any introduction, Derrick had already recognized the
visitor through his special temperament. After being stunned for a moment,
he instinctively revealed an uncontrollable smile.
“Mr. World?”
Klein raised his head slightly and looked at Little Sun, who seemed to have
grown taller. He subconsciously reached out and pressed down on his top
hat.
He then nodded gently and said, “I will be in the Forsaken Land of the
Gods during this period of time.
“However, I have to leave now. I can’t lure Amon into the City of Silver.
“If there’s a chance in the future, I will cooperate with you.”
Having understood what Mr. World meant, Derrick nodded heavily and
said, “Alright!”
Just as Klein raised his right hand and was about to snap his fingers to leave
with Flaming Jump, Derrick looked at him and suddenly pointed to the
storage cabinet in the room.
“Mr. World, do you need to bring some food with you? There are
mushrooms that can produce milk!”
“…” Klein controlled himself, not letting the corners of his mouth twitch.
He maintained his cold attitude and said, “I don’t drink milk.”
As soon as he finished speaking, he snapped his fingers, causing a scarlet
flame to fly out of his pocket, wrapping around him like water.
The fire quickly dissipated like falling stars, and Klein’s figure disappeared
from Derrick Berg’s room.
Outside the City of Silver, in a deformed forest, flames flashed
continuously, extending all the way to the moors leading to the north.
After he truly left the City of Silver did Klein slow down his “footsteps”
and summon a lantern from the Historical Void.
He had long expected that the revival process would go so smoothly. After
all, once he found the correct solution, there was no way that Amon could
stop him.
In the City of Silver, Amon only had a few avatars at the Sequence 4 or 3
level, so Klein could use his “true vision” to locate them and eliminate them
ahead of time.
And if they could form an avatar at the Sequence 2 level, Klein, who had
gained initial control of Sefirah Castle, could stir powers at the power of an
angel, allowing him to easily fight such an avatar while being above the
gray fog, and would stay undefeatable since he couldn’t be attacked. He had
the confidence to defeat his opponent.
If Amon moved “His” true body to the City of Silver, then Klein could
choose to revive at his original spot.
Of course, Amon could create an avatar that was almost at Sequence 1 and
send “Him” to the City of Silver. However, under the premise of the
conservation of Beyonder characteristics, how many avatars could “He”
create?
Not more than two!
As for Klein, he could split his remaining blood into multiple portions. He
could use the bestowment ritual to send them to Mr. Hanged Man, to
Ma’am Hermit, and to The Star Leonard. There were too many spots where
he could revive, so there was no way that Amon could guard all of them.
This was an “above board” plan based on his own level, Beyonder powers,
and the special ability of Sefirah Castle. Before he attempted to revive
himself, Klein was already quite certain of the outcome. The only thing he
was worried about was that “Deceit” would be detected by Amon ahead of
time, allowing “Him” to interfere in a timely manner, causing his respawn
location to change.
Fortunately, his divination had confirmed that the level of danger wasn’t
high. This was one of the reasons why he dared to try.
Phew, I’ve really escaped from Amon… As he advanced amidst the dim
yellow light, Klein felt the presence of his body, and he heaved a sigh of
relief.
Of course, he knew very well that he was going to encounter the relentless
pursuit of Amon’s main body and various avatars!