Chapter 1306

Seal
The black figure froze as it released its grip on Bernadette’s neck. It was as
though it was staring at Queen Mystic with its non-existent eyes.
A dry, hoarse voice echoed in the concealed space:
“Home…”
This voice was filled with hesitation and confusion as though it was seeking
confirmation. It was as if it had come from another world.
The corrosion that Bernadette encountered vanished. Her connection with
the Sealed Artifact was instantly restored.
Pale Death once again ate at her vitality little by little. This helped her resist
the chaos in her thoughts, maintaining her basic clarity and rationality.
Just as she was about to say something, the black figure suddenly stretched
out its palm.
But this time, it didn’t strangle Bernadette’s neck, but instead, it pushed her
hard.
Following this push was the collapse of the concealed space. It was a voice
filled with pain as though it was resisting something.
“Leave!”
As the voice echoed, the black figure vanished.
In an instant, it appeared on the huge, black, high-backed chair in the
middle of the platform.
Two cracks appeared on its face, as though two asymmetrical eyes had
grown out.
However, the “eyes” didn’t have any pupils. It was blood-colored.
Right on the heels of that, another crack appeared beneath the two “eyes.”
They too were filled with a pure, blood-red light.
This allowed the black figure to finally open its mouth.
It faced Bernadette as obvious sounds of pain resounded around it as though
it was resisting something.
“Leave this place!”
After being pushed out more than ten meters away, Bernadette easily found
her footing. However, she didn’t follow the voice’s order by leaving the
Black Emperor’s mausoleum. She stood there, staring blankly at the central
platform. As she looked at the black figure, her expression revealed an
unspeakable sadness.
She could sense and now confirm that the black figure was her father, the
man who called himself Caesar—Roselle Gustav.
In the next second, more cracks appeared on the black figure’s body. They
ruptured from top to bottom, blooming blood-red flowers in different parts
of his body.
This made Roselle look like he was left with a shadow that wrapped around
a blood-red object that emitted pure light.
When Klein saw this scene above the gray fog, he naturally thought of the
crimson moon high in the sky.
At that moment, Roselle seemed to have transformed into a shadow. He
wanted to block the crimson moon, but openings ruptured from his body,
allowing more and more moonlight to shine into the real world.
When these openings were connected together, the black shadow would
completely split apart and give birth to a brand new crimson moon.
When that happened, something extremely terrifying would definitely
happen.
At that moment, Roselle’s black figure turned much more illusory, as
though it had become an illusion.
This made him look like he had been isolated in another world. There was
an invisible barrier between him and the real world.
Then, Roselle raised his right arm with great difficulty and pinched his
forehead.
The frequency at which blood-red cracks appeared on his body instantly
decreased to a nadir. However, the “eyes” that had already appeared blinked
repeatedly.
However, this didn’t bring any negative effects on the surroundings. It was
as though it was just a simple change of order. The new “growth” of blood-
red cracks was constantly being distorted to its original state of only having
gradual activity.
After completing this, Roselle raised his head and looked at Bernadette who
was dozens of meters away. He said with a hoarse voice, “You really have
become an important figure in the mysterious world. You managed to come
here alone.
“Come over, let me see how my little princess has grown.”
Bernadette’s eyes reddened as she took a step forward.
Roselle laughed again.
“Back when I made sketchbooks, textbooks, and invented all kinds of small
games for you, you were just a tiny midget. Now, you’re able to save your
poor old father.
“I remember that you liked the clothes I designed for you when you were
young. Unfortunately, you can’t wear layered dresses after you’re an
adult…”
The Emperor rambled on, as if he had arrived in his twilight years and was
someone who enjoyed reminiscing about the beautiful past.
Bernadette walked faster and faster. Above the gray fog, Klein frowned
indiscernibly.
Suddenly, Emperor Roselle lowered his head and said with great force,
“Stop!”
His voice carried an indescribable pain.
Bernadette was stunned for a moment before she slowed down and stopped.
She looked at the dark figure and her eyes gradually revealed an
indescribable sadness.
Roselle raised his head again and coughed lightly.
“Didn’t you really want to ask why the Black Emperor’s mausoleum has to
be engraved with the order one implemented and the style that one ushered?
In fact, this wasn’t necessary. I just wanted to let anyone who sees it
remember my greatness…”
Before he could finish his sentence, the Emperor gripped the armrest by his
side tightly. He suppressed his voice and said in extreme pain, “Don’t come
near me!
“I’ve been corrupted…”
The sadness in Bernadette’s eyes deepened.
Her guess had finally been confirmed.
At that moment, the red cracks on Roselle’s face began to turn chaotic.
They “closed” and “opened” randomly with no signs of having a unified
will.
The Emperor took the opportunity and straightened his body. He looked at
Bernadette and shouted with great difficulty, “Seal me!”
Seal… Queen Mystic Bernadette repeated the word silently. Her blue eyes
quickly turned moist as a faint mist enveloped them.
Even though she had lived for many years and was no longer the little girl
she had been in the past, she was still unable to contain her emotions.
However, she didn’t ask for the reason, nor did she hesitate. With just a
slight struggle, she firmly raised her right hand and pressed it on the pale-
white metal mask.
She calmly made a decision, just like how she had faced all the major
events that happened on the Element Dawn over the years.
On the surface of Pale Death, the metal instantly turned soft as it reformed
into a new face with two black eyes.
In the deep-black parts of the eye, white lines appeared, forming an
extremely complicated and mysterious three-dimensional symbol. It was
like a long-feathered bird or a coiled feathered serpent.
The symbol absorbed the surrounding light and quickly turned corporeal.
Then, it separated from Bernadette’s eyes and extended its “body” before
flying towards Roselle Gustav on the iron-black chair.
Along the way, the strange symbol caused the surroundings to become
increasingly dim. The floor tiles and stone walls suffered another round of
weathering as if the deity in charge of death had passed the final judgment.
The falling rubble and flying dust followed the corporeal symbol and came
to Roselle’s side. Then, they coiled around him, enveloping the illusory
black figure that seemed to exist in another world.
During this process, Roselle failed to control himself several times. He
attempted to leave the iron-black chair, but he ended sitting back down. He
didn’t resist the seal that Bernadette had exerted on him.
As the symbol fused with his figure, he immediately had a connection with
Pale Death. He saw the illusory deity that lorded over the countless undead
and the swollen body of a water ghosts loitering in a dark river.
Roselle’s aura immediately vanished as the cracked red openings closed one
after another.
What awaited the Emperor was a quiet and peaceful sleep.
As for the symbol, it was sealed within Roselle’s body, constantly
influencing him until Pale Death stopped responding.
In the blink of an eye, several blood-red cracks appeared on Roselle’s body
again. After his aura declined to a nadir, it gradually began to glow as he
fought back against the corporeal symbol.
Klein, who was above the gray fog, sighed when he saw this. He clenched
his fist and pressed it against his mouth.
The “curtain” he draped around himself suddenly rose up, and the entire
Sefirah Castle “boiled over” in an obvious manner.
Silently, the aura of new life that Roselle had just obtained began to
dissipate.
After vanishing to a certain point, it gained new life once again. Then, it
was affected by the Pale Death and continued to fade away.
Using the power of the Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder characteristic and
Sefirah Castle, Klein directly “Grafted” new life and death, and skipped the
process in between.
The corruption that Roselle suffered was no longer able to recover to the
extent needed to break through the pale seal.
Following that, Klein extended his right hand and used the power of Sefirah
Castle to draw out the mysterious symbol behind The Fool’s high-back
chair—the mysterious symbol made up of the Pupil-less Eye and the
Contorted Lines.
The symbol absorbed the aura of Sefirah Castle and quickly turned
corporeal. With a wave of Klein’s wrist, it entered the prayer light
representing Bernadette and landed on Roselle’s black figure, fusing into
his body.
Every time the “Grafting” vanished, this symbol that was directly related to
The Fool and Sefirah Castle would draw upon new powers and complete
the “Grafting” process once more.
As he constantly passed away and gained new life, Roselle’s face, which
seemed to be a pure shadow, obtained facial features. Then, he looked to the
top of the mausoleum, as though he was looking into an infinite height.
He then retracted his gaze and looked at Bernadette. He said with an
abnormally weak voice, “This seal is good. I can sleep in peace…”
With that said, he frowned slightly as his tone changed:
“Who taught you how to dress like this?”
Bernadette felt a little lost as she listened. It was as if she had returned to
her teenage years.
At that time, when she had dressed up to the nines for a ball held by other
nobles. Roselle would use a similar expression and a similar tone to pepper
her with a series of questions.
The mist in her eyes became obvious, and she could no longer control
herself. She lowered her voice and shouted, “Daddy…”
Roselle’s facial features immediately turned gentle before tensing up again.
He sternly said, “Leave.
“And never return!”
Bernadette opened her mouth, wanting to say something, but her vision
went black as though she could see the shadow of order.
In the next second, she found herself back at the edge of the primitive
island.
Bernadette stared blankly at the mountain peak in the middle of the
primitive island for a few seconds before slowly turning around and
walking towards the sea.
This time, she didn’t stubbornly insist on walking straight without looking
back. Every few steps she took, she would stop and turn back to take a look.
Soon, she returned to the Dawn and entered the captain’s cabin. She opened
the room that was specially used to hold her collection.
At a glance, Bernadette saw books, stacks of textbooks, clothes, and skirts.
She saw the chess game that few people in the world knew, and the neat
pile of wooden block toys.
She leaned against the wooden door, slowly curled up, and sat on the floor.
She raised her head to look at the dark sky outside the captain’s cabin and
pinched her lips with her right thumb and index finger. She whistled a
melodious tune—it was a gentle, sweet, and sad melody that could calm
people down.
As the melody echoed, water beads fell from Bernadette’s face and dripped
onto the floor.
After an unknown period of time, the captain’s cabin was filled with a
suppressed whimper.
“Daddy…”