Chapter 1212

Spreading Radiance
Just now, as Klein was thinking of a solution, an image naturally came to
mind.
The clouds in the two mountains began to “boil” rapidly as they spread out
to the left and right, revealing a crack whose bottom couldn’t be seen. The
orange-red rays of the sunset filled it and formed a corporeal path.
This was a scene created when Blasphemer Amon entered the projection of
the Giant King’s Court.
And just as he felt that he didn’t know enough about the corresponding
powers and planned on switching to another method. The red, green, blue,
and transparent gems on the Staff of the Stars had already begun to emit a
faint glow as they automatically activated.
The solidified grayish-white fog was similarly “boiling,” but it wasn’t that
intense.
They were churning backward as they parted, but the area right in front of
him remained an endless grayish-white mass. There was no end to it.
Klein sighed in his heart. As he focused on controlling his thoughts, he
made other attempts.
In the past three minutes, he had tried hard at least ten times. Seven times
were of his own will, while three times were him venting out, but he was
ultimately unable to open the invisible barrier.
…Indeed, normal methods don’t work… With a flick of his wrist, he
allowed the historical projection of 0-62, which was close to its limit, to
disappear from the real world.
He stared at the silent grayish-white fog and didn’t move for about a
minute. It was as if he had turned into a statue.
Finally, Klein closed his eyes and looked away. Holding the lantern in his
hand, he walked towards the nearby humans who were watching.
He didn’t plan on making blind attempts, because there was a high chance
that he wouldn’t succeed. He planned on asking the people who had stood
guard in the vicinity for two to three thousand years. It was obvious that
these ancient survivors had explored the grayish-white fog. He wanted to
see if he could find inspiration from their years of experience.
Based on Klein’s assumption, the humans would definitely react
excessively towards him, so he had already prepared the corresponding
powers to allow them to speak to him calmly. However, when he looked at
the light of dusk on both sides of the lantern, he realized that the ugly or
deformed humans were staring at him with their mouths agape. They looked
confused and shocked, as if they had temporarily lost their ability to think.
Klein frowned slightly. In the darkness, he walked unhurriedly to the
ancient survivors and stopped about two to three meters away.
“What do you know about this fog?” Klein asked in Jotun with a deep
voice.
The language that could stir the powers of nature didn’t have any
differences because of geography. There was only a slight difference in the
accent, but it wasn’t much. If the original version was modified, there was a
chance its effects in ritualistic magic would be lost.
It was only when Gehrman Sparrow raised the question that A’dal seemed
to snap out of his daze. His lips quivered as he answered in an ambiguous
tone, “We… We have never caused the fog to change before…”
Just now, Gehrman Sparrow had caused the fog to boil like water and part
to the sides. This scene had really frightened them, as though they were
witnessing a miracle.
The two to three thousand years of hard work from numerous generations
of Moon City inhabitants were inferior to a person holding a staff with an
attempt that didn’t last more than two hundred heartbeats!
This was also the main reason why they had given up on resisting when
Gehrman Sparrow approached them.
They instinctively believed that, no matter how they avoided him, it would
be to no avail.
After two seconds of silence, Klein continued asking, “Do you have any
corresponding records?”
At this moment, A’dal understood what Gehrman Sparrow meant. He
hesitated for a moment and slowly nodded.
“Yes… However, only the High Priest and the others would frequently look
through it.”
Wearing a black trench coat and half top hat, Klein thought for a moment
and suddenly reached out to pull out an item from the void.
It was a cross covered in bronze, with several sharp spikes protruding out
from it.
It was the historical image of the ancient sun god’s Unshadowed Crucifix!
With the cross in hand, Klein raised it a little higher and aimed it at the
ancient survivors.
Pure, bright, and warm light bloomed, dispersing the darkness around them
and illuminating them.
Their combat experience made them instinctively attempt to defend
themselves, but their actions stopped midway through the process.
The brightness and warmth wasn’t something a bonfire could compare
with!
This made the remaining members of the Moon City hunting team recall the
deities described by the ancient books and the High Priest. “They” were
deities who emitted boundless light and brought boundless warmth.
Under the illumination of the bright, pure light, a distorted, struggling
illusionary black gas that seemed to have a life of its own began to boil
from the bodies of A’dal, Xin, and company, quickly rising and dissipating.
The members of the Moon City hunting team felt their bodies become more
relaxed, and the pressure within their souls disappeared.
After purging the cumulative corruption and ailments of their bodies, Klein
shook his wrist slightly, causing the Unshadowed Crucifix to disappear in
front of him.
Right on the heels of that, he grabbed another cane that looked an ordinary
wooden color.
This was the former City of Silver’s Sealed Artifact, Life’s Cane!
Although he had already sacrificed it to the Evernight Goddess, as long as it
was once owned by a Scholar of Yore, it would only accompany them in a
different way.
With Life’s Cane in hand, Klein took a few steps forward and used the end
of the cane to tap the leader of Moon City’s hunting team.
The experience from before made A’dal unable to dodge. The tumors on his
face began to crack as pus flowed, faded, and disappeared. In the end, there
wasn’t even a single scar left.
From the looks of his team members, A’dal knew that he had undergone a
change. He hesitantly raised his right hand and touched his face. From top
to bottom and back up again, he kept repeating it.
During this process, he realized that he was in an unprecedented healthy
state, one that was better than when he first became an adult.
Klein didn’t look at him. He took a step diagonally and used Life’s Cane to
treat the rest of the ancient survivors.
With A’dal as an example, Xin and the others were on their guard and alert
as they accepted contact with the cane, and they felt that they had obtained
a new lease of life.
Amongst them, the two deformed beings who were easily emotional
couldn’t help but tear up.
Unfortunately, I can’t treat natural defects… Mental illnesses can be treated,
but some crazy tendencies can’t be treated… Klein retracted his right hand
and let the historical projection of Life’s Cane disappear.
He walked to his original spot and turned around. He looked at the ancient
survivors and said, “I’m not here to destroy, but to spread the radiance of
my Lord, bringing light and warmth.
“Go back and tell your leader that I’m here. If he’s willing, he can come
over.”
He didn’t attempt to find out where the gathering point of these ancient
survivors was, nor did he plan on going there directly. This would trigger
the strongest form of resistance and vigilance.
Hence, giving them the choice was the most suitable solution.
At that moment, A’dal, Xin, and the others were already shocked by
Gehrman Sparrow’s constant pulling out of mystical items. They felt that
they were walking into a miracle and had already been cleansed by the
divine light, allowing their physical condition to recover to its optimum
state. It even exceeded their peak.
“…Alright.” A few seconds later, A’dal responded.
Just as they turned around and prepared to return to Moon City, flames lit
up from the depths of the darkness as they rapidly approached.
The leader was an old man wearing a dark brown beast hide. His hair was
gray and unkempt, and his face was full of real cracks.
“High Priest…” After recognizing the other party, Xin blurted out.
It was none other than Moon City’s High Priest, Nim.
Behind Nim followed Rus and the other members of the hunting team who
had returned to the city ahead of time, as well as several other High-
Sequence Beyonders.
Nim nodded at A’dal, Xin, and the rest before walking to the front of the
group. Looking at the man who claimed to be a missionary, Gehrman
Sparrow, he crossed his arms and bowed.
“Honorable guest, I am Moon City’s High Priest, Nim.
“Moon City once belonged to vampires, but that civilization had been
destroyed in ancient times.
“Afterwards, we accepted the orders of the great sun god, the Lord who
created everything, and we moved here to watch the grayish-white fog and
make the corresponding attempts. That continued on even though the land
was cursed and the Lord didn’t respond to us.
“To date, 3,722 years have passed.”