Chapter 504

: Red Skull Pirate Crew
A Beyonder was allowed to leave the fleet? Without Danitz’s deliberate
explanation, Klein easily understood why he found it strange.
In a Nighthawks team, even the civilian staff would experience strict
restrictions. Even a normal resignation would require them to sign a life-
long confidentiality agreement. They weren’t allowed to leave the
Nighthawks team’s area that they originally belonged to, and once they
were approved to move to another city, they had to immediately register at
the local Evernight Church.
From such rules, it could be seen how the officials treated Beyonders
powers and related matters. A Beyonder who had drunk a potion wouldn’t
be able to leave their organization so easily.
Klein clearly remembered that Miss Justice initially had the means and
channels to become a Beyonder, but she didn’t attempt them. The reason
given was that she didn’t want to lose her freedom.
Similar thoughts ran through his mind, but they didn’t become words,
because the polite but cold Gehrman Sparrow wouldn’t be interested in
such rumors.
“So what?” Klein looked at the tableware on the table and calmly asked.
Do you know how to make conversation!? Blazing Danitz secretly drew a
breath and squeezed out a smile.
“Haha, I just found it strange. We all suspected that he had joined MI9, and
that he was using his identity as a captain to monitor the sea routes.”
It’s possible… Klein picked up a glass of water and took a sip.
The dishes he ordered were served one by one according to their type. The
restaurant even gave him two complimentary cups of sweet, bubbling, and
light gold pre-meal wine.
Klein stopped talking and concentrated on enjoying the food, feeling that it
was indeed much better than the second-class dining room.
The melodious tunes of a violin resonated amidst the sounds produced from
the slight contact between the cutlery and plates. The blue and open sea
outside the window rippled quietly, and everything seemed perfect.
As Klein was about to be served dessert, a crewman came stomping in and
ran to the table where Elland was sitting.
“Captain, there’s a pirate ship!” He didn’t suppress his voice.
Most of the passengers were shocked and stopped eating.
Klein looked up, looking across him at Danitz with his eyes dark and cold.
Blazing Danitz stiffened for a second, then he smiled bitterly. He lowered
his voice and said, “If I were to say that this has nothing to do with me, will
you believe me?”
Klein’s eyelids twitched as he slowly smiled.
“Guess.”
Guess? You son of a b*tch! Danitz was so furious that he almost cursed.
He maintained his smile and said, “Your wisdom is enough to judge
everything.”
At that moment, Elland quickly asked about the situation. He stood up and
said to the panicking first-class passengers, “There’s only one pirate ship.
We have enough power to deal with it.
“Ladies and gentlemen, please return to your rooms in an orderly manner
and await the arrival of good news. Believe me, the damage caused by
chaos far exceeds whatever damage those pirates can do. I don’t wish to
hear rumors in the future that although we, the White Agate, had succeeded
in repelling the pirates, a handful of passengers had fallen and injured
themselves.”
Under his arrangements, and with the support of the crew, Donna and the
others left the dining room and returned to their own cabins, which included
Klein and Blazing Danitz.
“I thought you were going to temporarily take over the White Agate and try
to keep it safe from harm,” Danitz commented inside room 312 as he closed
the door, as though he was watching a play.
To be able to immediately throw out an olive branch and talk about creeds
and remuneration after finding a suitable candidate showed that he was an
extroverted boatswain who liked to talk with others.
Klein glanced at him, then went to the window, and looked out. He saw a
large ship with a red skull flag fluttering as it cruised towards them. There
were chimneys and sails.
“Know them?” Klein held his hands in his pocket and stood behind a thick
glass window.
Danitz walked to a spot diagonally behind him. After looking into the
distance for two seconds, he said, “Red Skull. A small-medium band of
pirates.
“The captain is Sea Wolf Johnson with a bounty of 900 pounds. The first
mate is One-Eyed Anderson with a bounty of 500 pounds.”
In the pirate world, a bounty was an important reference point that
determined one’s status and standing.
Considering that he didn’t have the ability to move underwater adeptly, it
would be easy to have innocents die if he allowed the pirates to board the
ship. Klein was silent for a few seconds before asking, “Do they know
you?”
“Of course!” Danitz instantly straightened his back. “They’re qualified to
participate in distinguished gatherings between pirates. I once kicked them
in the ass.”
As expected of a famous pirate worth 3,000 pounds… Klein’s asked without
a change in expression, “Do they have binoculars?”
“That’s an essential item. Even if a ship is placed under control, there will
be sailors standing on the observation deck, using binoculars to observe the
surroundings to prevent any surprise attacks,” Danitz replied scornfully.
He could finally tell that this dangerous fellow was a new adventurer, and it
was very likely that this was his first time at sea.
Was he a famous bounty hunter? A member of a secret organization? Danitz
subconsciously guessed Gehrman Sparrow’s past.
“During such times, will the captain and the first mate use their binoculars
to observe us?” Klein originally wanted to address them as 900 pounds and
500 pounds, but he found it a bit impolite.
“Definitely, they have to keep track of their target,” Danitz replied, slightly
puzzled.
He didn’t understand Gehrman Sparrow’s goal for asking such questions.
From his point of view, if he had his powerful strength, he definitely
would’ve allowed the Red Skull pirates to approach, find an opportunity to
board their ship, and then eliminate everyone.
Klein tilted his head and looked at Danitz before revealing a gentlemanly
and warm smile.
“That’s good.”
What do you want to do? Don’t smile like that! Danitz suddenly panicked
and summoned the courage to fight back.
“Take off your wig,” Klein calmly ordered.
Ah? Danitz was puzzled as he slowly removed the wig from his head.
Klein took out a special bottle of extract from his secret pocket and handed
it over.
“Wipe your eyebrows and face clean.”
This was a mystical “Makeup Removal Extract” he had prepared before
advancing to Faceless. He had used it when attacking the Wraith from the
Rose School of Thought.
Although Klein no longer needed it anymore, he had been reluctant to
throw it away.
“…” Danitz was even more confused. However, he was unwilling to throw
himself into an irreversible situation unless he was really attacked,
physically. He had no choice but to do as he was told, removing the
disguise on his face and restoring his original appearance.
Putting away the small metal bottle, Klein opened the window and let the
sea breeze pour in.
“Stand here and look outside,” he pointed directly behind the window and
said to Blazing Danitz.
Danitz warily walked over in a daze and stood firmly behind the window.
Klein observed for a few seconds, then he calmly said, “You have two
choices. One, crawl out and hang there in an eye-catching manner. Two,
you get held by the collar by me and hung there in an eye-catching
manner.”
“What do you want to do?” Danitz blurted out.
Klein revealed his amiable smile again.
“Show you to the pirates. I believe Rear Admiral Iceberg’s fourth boatswain
holds sufficient weight to persuade them to retreat.”
“No, don’t do that!” Danitz subconsciously rejected the notion.
He could imagine what the people from the Red Skull pirate crew would
think when they discovered him. Either Blazing Danitz had been captured,
and there was a very terrifying powerhouse on the ship, or the ship was
already being targeted by Rear Admiral Iceberg, and that other pirates were
to immediately keep their distance.
And the way I’m hung up decides which thought they would have… Danitz
thought sadly.
Klein smiled even more genially.
“I’m a very easy person to get along with, really—as long as you do as I tell
you.”
At this moment, Danitz once again felt the indescribable sense of hunger.
He felt as if his flesh and soul could be torn from his body at any moment.
After weighing the pros and cons for a second, he half raised his hands,
gritted his teeth, and smiled.
“I’ll do it myself.”
Holding back his anger and grievances, Danitz turned and climbed out of
the window. Using his balance and strength from years of experience, he
hung himself off the cabin with his forearm.
“Don’t try to escape. I’m not a patient man.” Klein’s face turned cold as he
gently reminded.
Phew… Danitz resisted the urge to release his forearm and jump straight
down.
On the pirate ship in the distance, the crew responsible for observing the
White Agate sent a message to Sea Wolf Johnson.
“Boss, there’s a weird guy hanging out the window over there!”
Johnson was stunned for a second. He raised his binoculars and placed it in
front of his eyes.
He quickly discovered the strange fellow who his subordinate was talking
about. The man’s position was simply too eye-catching.
Isn’t that Blazing Danitz? Johnson’s brows twitched as he recognized the
man.
How did he get on the White Agate? What’s the meaning of him hanging
outside? This is Rear Admiral Iceberg’s prey? After a series of questions,
Sea Wolf came to a conclusion.
He raised his right hand and said, “Everyone take note; stay far away from
this area immediately!”
…
In room 305, Cleves stood by the window with the revolver gripped tightly
in his hand as a precaution against the potential sea skirmish.
Donna’s family was a little frightened. They didn’t return to their respective
bedrooms, but they instead sat in the living room, waiting for the
bombardment to begin. Cecile and the other bodyguard, Teague, stood
guard beside them, fully alert.
At this moment, a look of confusion appeared in Cleves’s slightly aged
eyes.
After a few minutes, he took a step back, lowered his muzzle, and said to
the people, “The pirates have left.”
“What?” This development left Urdi Branch and the others surprised and
confused. They had no idea what the pirates were thinking.
…
Room 312.
Blazing Danitz crawled back and couldn’t help but give a snort.
“You’re borrowing my captain’s reputation! She really hates these kinds of
things!”
Just wait for Rear Admiral Iceberg to teach you a lesson! Danitz thought
angrily.
Klein quietly listened and asked, “I remember her reward in Loen was
26,000 pounds?”
… This madman… Danitz couldn’t find the words to respond.