Chapter 1229

Collective Wisdom
Seeing that Miss Magician had yet to react, Klein made The World add,
“You don’t need to be there. Just summon my historical projection in
advance.”
“…Alright!” Fors nodded hurriedly.
At that moment, because Gehrman Sparrow had accepted his mission,
Emlyn clearly relaxed.
From what he knew, this meant that the success rate of the matter had
skyrocketed.
In the next second, The World looked at him and hoarsely asked, “What
kind of payment can you provide?”
Emlyn fell silent for two seconds before saying with his eyes darting
upwards slightly, “Once I become a Shaman King, I’ll provide a free
promise on similar matters.
“Also, I only want the Shaman King’s Beyonder characteristic. The
members of the Rose School of Thought temperance faction should have a
clear goal. The rest will be yours.”
Mr. Moon isn’t very stolid. He doesn’t have much confidence… Through
his actions and words, Audrey came to a conclusion.
This fellow, Emlyn, has learned how to use “consumption loans”… Klein
secretly laughed and made The World indifferently reply:
“It looks like you can only afford a demigod like me.”
If Mr. Moon can provide a large amount of food, I don’t mind
participating… Justice Audrey mumbled inwardly.
However, she didn’t need to say anything to know what Mr. Moon would
say.
Why would we Sanguine be hoarding so many snacks?
To the Sanguine, their staple was the blood of humans with abundant
spirituality. Bread and meat products were all non-essentials.
Seeing that The World Gehrman Sparrow didn’t reject his offer, Emlyn
secretly heaved a sigh of relief.
“What other requests do you have? I’ll try my best to fulfill them.”
Gehrman Sparrow thought for a moment before saying, “Give me a
mystical item or a Sealed Artifact that can greatly increase the wielder’s
spirituality for a short period of time.”
This was for Miss Magician, allowing her to maintain the Historical Void
projection for a few more minutes. And there was no doubt that the Moon
domain had such Beyonder powers. For example, the Scarlet Scholar could
create a full moon state, allowing their spirituality to be enhanced.
Phew… Emlyn quickly nodded.
“Alright, no problem.”
Seeing that the human and vampire had come to an agreement, Fors
hurriedly raised her hand and said, “No Full Moon.”
That way, ignoring the enhancement of her spirituality, she would be
considered lucky if she didn’t die on the spot. After all, the higher the
Sequence, the clearer one could hear Mr. Door’s ravings. Fors had long
since advanced from Sequence 6 Scribe to Sequence 5 Traveler.
Emlyn also knew about Miss Magician’s “full moon curse,” so he had no
questions about it. He acknowledged tersely, indicating that he had taken
note.
At this moment, Alger, who was listening to the completed transaction
beside him, said in thought, “Although the Beyonders of the Rose School of
Thought are easily controlled by their emotions and instincts, this didn’t
mean that their brains had already disappeared along with their
zombification. Even if they’re gone, they still have members of the Moon
domain.
“Since their demigods were directly involved in the Southern Continent’s
war and have exposed their locations, they wouldn’t dismiss the possibility
of an attack from the Sanguine and temperance faction. I believe there’s a
high chance of them laying a trap.”
“That’s right.” Leonard echoed, “Many dossiers indicate that, although the
Beyonders of the Rose School of Thought are well known for indulging
themselves in bloodshed, cruelty, and desires, they still act very
meticulously. Their actions show certain cunningness and sinisterness.”
Xio glanced at her friend and said, “I encountered a supernatural incident
involving the Rose School of Thought two months ago. The target was
obviously deceived and fell into a trap.”
The World Gehrman Sparrow listened attentively before scoffing. He then
said to Emlyn, “Which Shaman King is your target?”
Emlyn didn’t hide anything.
“The Shaman King who led the natives from East Balam’s North Olite
County to attack the Loen’s main colonial city.”
Upon hearing this, a thought flashed across Klein’s mind:
The Mother Tree of Desire doesn’t seem to want the Goddess to control the
Uniqueness of the Death pathway. “She” was driving the natives and using
the war to waver the fundamental faith of the Church of Evernight in the
Southern Continent.
As this thought flashed through his mind, he made The World Gehrman
Sparrow look at Emlyn and chuckle.
“Then my target will be another Shaman King. This has nothing to do with
your operation.”
There was no need for him to be too direct. Emlyn, Cattleya, and company
quickly understood his plan.
This was a simple plan:
Gehrman Sparrow hunted another Shaman King and took the initiative to
step into a trap to attract the hidden forces of the Rose School of Thought.
And at that moment, the Moon and the Rose School of Thought’s
temperance faction would take the opportunity to attack the real target.
“Isn’t this too dangerous?” Emlyn subconsciously replied.
The danger was of course directed to Gehrman Sparrow who would be
walking into a trap.
The World Gehrman Sparrow replied very calmly, “It will just be a
historical projection.”
If he dies, so be it…
Upon hearing such an answer, Emlyn, Leonard, and the other members of
the Tarot Club were at a loss as to what expression to show as a response. It
was unknown if they should reflect on the fact that Sequence 3 demigods
were different, or be envious that Scholars of Yore had such Beyonder
powers.
Klein continued to let The World speak, “If the Rose School of Thought has
any doubts about my sudden attack, and only divert a portion of their
strength to stop me so as to still maintain a relatively complete trap, then I
will try to hunt that Shaman King seriously and turn the false target into the
true target. After all, all you want is the corresponding items. You don’t care
who the original owner is.”
A simple but effective plan… The key point is that Gehrman Sparrow has to
have a strength that exceeds his limits, one that can put up resistance even
when facing an angel… Audrey learned from him seriously and evaluated
this inwardly.
Emlyn no longer had any doubts. After some thought, he said, “Before the
official operation, I need to meet with the members of the Rose School of
Thought temperance faction to finalize the details.”
The World Gehrman Sparrow nodded and said, “Make arrangements for it.”
After the exchange, Klein made The World conjure a paper stack and
distributed it to the members of the Tarot Club.
“Some existences and I will be dealing with a Mythical Creature. You can
raise your opinion and share your thoughts.”
The piece of paper was written with the character and actions of the Dark
Demonic Wolf, Kotar, as well as the various analysis Miss Justice had
made.
He hoped that he could find inspiration through different people with their
different personalities and knowledge.
Mythical Creature… The World has set his sights on Mythical Creatures?
Alger, who had been much quieter than usual, couldn’t help but look at the
bottom end of the long bronze table.
Although he was already mentally prepared for this, he felt that he wouldn’t
be surprised even if The World Gehrman Sparrow suddenly called himself
an angel. However, when he realized that the other party was really
targeting a Mythical Creature, he couldn’t help but feel a little shocked and
perturbed.
Cattleya had similar feelings as well, but she immediately recalled the
Snake of Fate, the Death Consul, and the Ancient Bane.
This matched the Gehrman Sparrow’s words of “some existences.”
It was very normal for three angels and a Sequence 3 Blessed to hunt a
Mythical Creature!
One by one, they retracted their gazes from the bottom end of the long,
mottled table, and they began reading the information in their hands
seriously.
At this moment, as they weren’t involved in the commission or involved in
a transaction, nor were they sharing information; yet, the members of the
Tarot Club had a baffling feeling of working together for one common goal.
They felt like they were starting to feel like an organization.
After reading the contents, Alger was the first to speak.
“According to Miss Justice’s analysis, no bait will trap that paranoid
Mythical Creature. It will only push ‘Him’ to escape further.
“Under the situation of ‘Him’ suspected to wield a Sequence 1 Beyonder
characteristic, ‘He’ really doesn’t need to chase after other things.
Advancing ‘Himself’ is the most important thing at hand. If you want to
deal with ‘Him,’ we can only consider it from this point of view.”
Upon hearing this, Xio said from a professional point of view, “But this
Mythical creature is very cautious. ‘He’ doesn’t leave any clues behind.
And according to the intel, the location ‘He’ can use to prepare for the
Sequence 1 ritual isn’t actually restricted in an environment like the
Forsaken Land of the Gods.”
“Yes, there are too many monsters for ‘Him’ to use.” Derrick confirmed
what Miss Judgment had said.
There was silence immediately. Leonard thought for a moment and said,
“Can we rely on the law of Beyonder characteristics convergence?”
As he spoke, he looked at Klein Moretti.
“That Mythical Creature seems to be from the same pathway as you.”
“Just relying on the effect that comes from the convergence of Beyonder
characteristic at this level to ‘chance’ upon this Mythical Creature might
take a year or two, perhaps even longer. Furthermore, the other party is a
complete Mythical Creature. ‘He’ has the ability to cause some
interference.” Klein overruled Leonard’s suggestion.
Of course, if he augmented the power of Sefirah Castle onto himself, he
might be able to meet the Dark Demonic Wolf the next time he used the
Staff of the Stars’s random teleportation. However, the problem was that if
that happened, the chances of a “coincidental encounter” with Amon would
be much, much higher. This was the standard way of knocking on death’s
door.
After hearing everyone’s discussion, Cattleya said in thought according to
what the Queen found taboo, “Can we use this Mythical Creature’s
honorific name to establish a connection?”
If the Dark Demonic Wolf hadn’t been tracked by Amon in the past, that
might have been possible. But now, what can be thought must have been
thought of by Amon. Under such circumstances, the fact that the Dark
Demonic Wolf hasn’t perished implies that “He” is wary of such matters…
The World Gehrman Sparrow slowly shook his head.
“With ‘His’ paranoid character, ‘He’ definitely wouldn’t respond
automatically.”
Just as he said that, he suddenly had an idea.
Not receiving a response from the Dark Demonic Wolf didn’t mean that
“He” wouldn’t pay attention to the corresponding prayer light!