Chapter 1366

: Set Up
Retracting his gaze, Klein cast his gaze at the Beyonder characteristic that
Pauli Derlau’s body had produced.
It was formed from thin mist, seemingly an unreal, grayish-white brain
from a dream.
He believed that the Garden of Eden was the safest place, so he placed his
true body here. All activities in the outside world are just his many different
identities? Who would’ve known that Hermes, who was supposed to be a
defensive barrier, had abandoned this place. If a real angel were guarding
the Garden of Eden and had fully utilized the uniqueness of this mind city, I
wouldn’t be able to so easily “Deceive” the rules and successfully infiltrate
it… As Klein thought to himself, he randomly made a wish to accelerate the
Beyonder characteristic’s formation and condensation.
Pa! He snapped his fingers and fulfilled his wish.
Following that, he picked up the Dreamweaver Beyonder characteristic and
something that could be used as the supplementary material. He took off the
Pride mask on his face and left the Garden of Eden.
As he left, the remaining parts of the city collapsed and merged into the
boundless sea of collective subconscious.
From that point onward, the legend of the Garden of Eden would emerge in
many dreams, eventually drawn out by some artists, or fabricated into
widespread stories.
And all of the stories would come to a consensus—the Garden of Eden was
eventually destroyed.
Returning to the Hall family manor’s veranda, Klein looked at Miss Justice,
who had already composed herself, and handed over the Dreamweaver
Beyonder characteristics, the corresponding ingredients, and the potion
formula he had seen from the second Blasphemy Slate.
Before Audrey could say anything, he said in a deep voice, “You can go
back on your word before officially advancing.”
Audrey received Mr. World’s gift and nodded silently, indicating that she
would seriously consider it.
Wearing the exquisite straw hat, she watched Gehrman Sparrow turn around
and walk to the edge of the veranda, disappearing step by step.
…
After removing his traces and concealing the clues, Klein cleverly used
“Grafting” and the uniqueness of Sefirah Castle to return to Backlund,
appearing in front of Judgment Xio, who was on holiday.
The MI9 colonel, who was munching on an apple, immediately put down
the food in her hands. As she wiped her mouth with a tissue, she stood up.
“W-what’s the matter?”
She cautiously didn’t address him as Mr. World, nor did she call him
Gehrman Sparrow.
Klein nodded slightly and said, “Mr. Fool got me to ask you if you wish to
obtain the potion formula, Beyonder characteristic, and supplementary
ingredients for Sequence 4 Imperative Mage?”
Xio frowned slightly, not feeling any joy. She asked solemnly, “Then,
what’s the price?”
Klein nodded approvingly.
“The apocalypse is coming. Many changes are beginning to happen, and
Mr. Fool has prophesied some matters.
“When the time comes, it’s very likely that ‘He’ will enter a period of
slumber again. And as ‘His’ Blessed, ‘His’ left-hand man, I’m unable to
escape the same fate. The price you need to pay is that when such a
situation really appears, follow the revelation left behind by Mr. Fool, doing
something that might be dangerous or simple. It might be an attempt that
will take a long while, or just a short moment, so as to awaken Mr. Fool.”
As a King of Angels Seer, the owner of Sefirah Castle, Klein had long been
able to make certain levels of prophecies. Recently, he had seen some blurry
visions and inspiration. Therefore, without any solid plan, he consciously
started putting in place various arrangements.
Right now, I’m a real charlatan… he lampooned himself in thought.
Before Xio could speak, he added, “You can choose to decline. You are not
the only person chosen.”
Xio believed that Mr. World wouldn’t use sarcasm when it came to such
matters. She didn’t immediately answer as she seriously considered the
matter.
Without the pending apocalypse, she felt that she would’ve rejected the
offer. Although a demigod was powerful and terrifying, being able to rule a
battlefield and control the fates of others, and was a creature that truly
possessed godhood, becoming a Sequence 4 wasn’t a matter that was urgent
for her.
As a Sequence 5 Disciplinary Paladin, she was able to ensure that she
completed most of the missions as a colonel of MI9, with her own
capabilities. With her salary and additional income, she could maintain a
very decent life for her family.
Even if she were to encounter danger, she could obtain sufficient aid from
the official factions. Furthermore, she could make preparations by getting
Leymano’s Travels in advance, and ask her friend, Fors, to protect her in
secret.
In addition, she had investigated the cause of her father’s death and fulfilled
her wish to restore his honor.
Therefore, no matter what, she didn’t have to pay the huge price to become
a Sequence 4 Beyonder. Besides, it wasn’t impossible for her to get an
opportunity from MI9.
Of course, Xio had no idea how much longer until this would happen in the
future.
Be it Mr. Fool’s warning, or the various prophecies I deliberately gathered
using my job, it clearly or vaguely points out that the apocalypse is
coming… There are only sixteen years left… Xio subconsciously turned her
body to look at the second floor.
Under my present living conditions, Mom will definitely be able to live for
another sixteen years. At that time, she wouldn’t be too old. Furthermore,
Mr. Moon has provided all kinds of medicine to maintain her health…
Sixteen years later, Rio will be a young man in his prime, at the peak of his
career… Fors might already become a Sequence 3 Beyonder, and in order
to deal with the apocalypse and seek hope, she would be busy running
around, but I wouldn’t be of much help… Xio slowly retracted her gaze as
she fell silent.
Then, she looked at The World Gehrman Sparrow and nodded solemnly.
“Okay.”
“You can set up a ritual at any time and make a wish to Mr. Fool. ‘He’ will
fulfill your wish.” Klein didn’t waste any time and gave a simple
explanation.
His Imperative Mage Beyonder characteristic and potion formula were all
obtained from the New Moon City’s sacrifice. Of course, he had also
bestowed his believers with the Sealed Artifact, General of the Pupil-less
Eye, in exchange.
After Xio made her decision, she stopped worrying about the matter and
said, “Wendel apparently went to Utopia, but strangely, he returned that
very night and didn’t go to court to testify.
“That makes him puzzled and worried.”
“Tell him that there’s no need to worry about this matter anymore. All the
people of Utopia were buried in a natural disaster.” With that said, Klein
turned and walked into the spirit world.
…
In the outskirts of Backlund East Borough, in a cemetery.
Klein silently looked at the niches filled with urns of ashes and didn’t look
away for a long time.
After a while, he slowly walked under a tree’s shade. He took out the
historical projection of the adventurer’s harmonica and blew it.
With four blonde, red-eyed heads and dressed in a dark and complicated
long dress, Reinette Tinekerr immediately walked out of the void.
Without waiting for Miss Messenger to speak, Klein asked, “The various
Churches are preparing to besiege the Rose School of Thought and plan on
joining forces with you.
“Is there anything I can help you with?”
He had learned of the matter from Leonard and Emlyn.
Reinette Tinekerr’s four blonde, red-eyed heads said, “There’s…”
“Nothing…” “For…” “Now…”
“Talk…” “After…” “Locking on…” “Target…”
That is to say that, with the interference in divination, and prophecies, and
the protection from Outer Deities like the Mother Tree of Desire, Primordial
Moon, as well as Kings of Angels like the Chained God, the Rose School of
Thought demigods aren’t that easy to find. They need a certain amount of
time to employ various strategies? That’s right. Even Arrodes wouldn’t dare
spy on them under such circumstances. Perhaps I can summon its Historical
Void projection… Klein thought for a moment and said, “If there are items
directly related to them, using them as a medium I can lock onto the
corresponding target.”
When the time came, he could use Sefirah Castle’s power to penetrate the
shield.
“Alright!” Reinette Tinekerr’s four beautiful heads bobbed up and down at
the same time.
With nothing left to discuss, he planned on letting Miss Messenger return.
He had originally intended to jokingly ask, “Do I need to pay for the
summoning this time?” His spiritual perception suddenly stirred as he fell
silent.
A few seconds later, he took out a gold coin from Sefirah Castle.
This was one of the five gold coins that had been tainted by Sefirah Castle’s
aura.
“The payment this time.” Klein handed over the gold coin with a smile.
“No need…” “This time…” After Reinette Tinekerr’s two blonde, red-eyed
heads said that, the remaining two didn’t say anything.
“She” had powerful spiritual perception capabilities, and appeared as
though “She” had sensed something.
In the next second, one of the two blonde, red-eyed heads that didn’t open
its mouth rose up and bit the gold coin at Klein’s fingertip.
“Alright,” Klein retracted his hand and said with a smile.
Then, he casually asked, “Is Miss Sharron and Maric still in Backlund?”
“Yes…” Miss Messenger informed Klein about “Her” student’s address.
…
In a house, Maric sat at a long table and skillfully played cards with his
zombies.
Suddenly, Sherlock Moriarty appeared on an empty chair. He put down his
hat and took the covered cards from a zombie without any hesitation.
Maric looked up at him. His lips moved, but he didn’t open them in the end.
He let the zombie in charge of croupier duties continue to hand out the
cards.
Just like that, Klein joined them. He played a few rounds, winning and
losing at times.
In the corner, Sharron, who was wearing a black regal dress and a small and
delicate bonnet, appeared at some point in time. She held her face with one
hand and quietly watched the game.
After playing for about two hours, Klein stood up and formally bowed to
Miss Sharron and Maric.
Then, he chuckled, put on his hat, walked towards the door, and
disappeared.
…
Deep in the spirit world, Klein, who had finished a course of three
treatments, appeared outside Calderón City.