Chapter 582

: "Provocation"
Tracy saw two bolts of lightning light up in Helene’s beautiful emerald-like
eyes as the blinding silver occupied her entire vision.
Her beautifully contoured chin was suddenly lifted as though she was about
to let out a tragic scream.
However, she stiffened on the spot, shattering like a mirage. The full-body
mirror placed in the room cracked and quickly crumbled, scattering to the
floor.
Mirror Substitution Spell!
Tracy’s figure, in her pure white shirt, beige trousers, and black leather
boots, appeared in the corner where the full-body mirror was located.
Before she could catch her breath, she heard heavy footsteps and saw red-
haired Helene’s dress fluttering to the back as she charged forward like a
chariot. The glove she wore on her left hand was pale and gloomy green.
Klein had already switched to a Zombie state. His muscles were taut, and
his strength had increased substantially.
His sleeves fluttered as he clenched his fist tightly before throwing it at
Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy like an iron hammer.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Although he continued maintaining Helene’s appearance, his actions were
like a ferocious beast’s. He was fierce and formidable. As he bombarded
Tracy with his punches and kicks, all she could do was desperately parry his
attacks without having the time to use other Beyonder powers.
If a Demoness of Affliction’s corresponding Sequence 9 wasn’t Assassin,
allowing her to have extraordinary combat skills and dodging capabilities,
this barrage of attacks would’ve left her heavily injured.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Klein’s fist emanated a white, frosty air, causing Tracy to tremble with
every time she made contact. Gradually, ice began to form on the surface of
her body.
This was a Zombie’s mastery of frost powers!
Seeing her blood gradually stiffen, Tracy didn’t hesitate and took the blow.
Her lips turned pale as her mouth opened slightly as she let out a formless
scream.
Accompanied by this scream, a blue illusory halo surged out from her body.
It left stacked layers of frost in its wake.
In just one or two seconds, both of them found themselves in a frozen
world. They were surrounded by thick and transparent ice, and there was
loose frost blanketing the exterior. The two looked very close to one
another, but they needed to break through the various obstructions to fight
each other.
A smile appeared on Tracy’s gallant and brilliant face as a silent black flame
ignited within her body.
It quickly melted the surrounding ice as it began to launch a counterattack,
allowing Ailment Maiden to grasp the advantage.
At this moment in time, she saw Helene, who was often frail and indecisive,
snap her fingers without an expression.
A matchstick she hadn’t noticed lit up as scarlet flames leaped. Instantly, it
enveloped the red-haired figure’s dress.
Tracy’s pupils constricted as her spiritual intuition gave her an extreme
sense of foreboding.
In the silent black flames behind her, Klein leaped out in the form of
Helene. He extended both his arms and hugged Tracy, locking her arms in
the process.
At the same time, he opened his mouth and shouted, “Bang!”
A formless Air Bullet shot out with might that exceeded that of a revolver. It
was comparable to the latest rifle models.
It passed through the void and accurately hit the back of Tracy’s head.
Oof!
The bullet drilled through her skull, but Vice Admiral Ailment’s figure
suddenly contracted, turning into a broken black staff.
Magic Staff Substitution Spell!
Tracy rapidly appeared diagonally across him. The buttons on her shirt
dropped as she revealed a mesmerizing view of fair skin.
However, what caught Klein’s attention wasn’t that but the blood on her
palm!
While Klein restrained Tracy, she had clawed behind her, ripping off a piece
of fabric and injuring his thigh.
At this moment, Tracy quickly opened and closed her mouth twice as
illusory black flames appeared from her palms to burn the blood.
This was black magic, a Witch’s curse!
Klein couldn’t help but tremble. A black flame ignited from within, from his
soles to the top of his head. He was rapidly reduced to paper shreds.
Just as he appeared in another corner, he felt countless invisible spider webs
swirl towards him. Some were hard and attempted to bind him, while others
were soft, in a bid to stimulate different parts of his body. Klein, who was a
Beyonder who acted extremely calm during combat, felt his heart race as
his ears heated up. His body turned numb and sore, having the discomfort
of a cold while having the urge to have his blood surge downwards.
Compared to Madam Sharon from Tingen City, Tracy’s spiderweb was far
more terrifying!
Klein didn’t dare to underestimate it as he immediately snapped his fingers.
The snap ignited all the surrounding spiderwebs as scarlet flames extended
from where they came from and surged towards Tracy like a tidal wave.
Back in Tingen, Klein already knew that the spiderwebs from a Demoness
of Pleasure were weak against fire!
Instantly, the middle of the room became a huge ignited web. Tracy was
caught by surprise as the flames swept towards her.
“Humph!” She exhaled as an eerie blue illusory light surged outwards and
froze her within a transparent but gigantic crystal.
The scarlet flames surged over and kept melting the ice, but it gradually
weakened.
Klein didn’t pick up the diamond-inlaid bangle, because he wasn’t sure
what negative side effects it might have.
To rashly use a mystical item without sufficient comprehension of it was
highly likely to be harmful rather than beneficial!
He straightened his body and opened his arms, letting his left glove be dyed
in the lustrous glow of the sun.
Priest of Light!
At that instant, Tracy, who was hiding inside the ice, felt that that extremely
familiar Helene wore a holy luster. In between her brows, an unprecedented
tenacity surged out. She was pretty and no longer frail. Like a blooming
sunflower, she was like a flower of war stained with blood.
Tracy shouted with a clearly hoarse voice, “Who are you?
“Why don’t you dare to show yourself!?”
While wearing a dress, using my own looks would look so odd. It’s more
suitable to use Helene’s appearance… Klein detached himself as this
thought flashed through his mind.
Following that, he praised the sun.
A magnificent pure beam of light descended with golden flames swirling
around it. It completely blanketed the ice and Tracy.
As the ice rapidly melted and vanished at a discernible pace, the bright and
holy light dimmed before disintegrating.
The color in Tracy’s face drained as she did a somersault and agilely
dodged Klein’s Psychic Piercing from his switch to the Interrogator soul,
letting whatever damage she received happen inside the beam of light.
The Light of Holiness was strong against the undead and corrupt, so it was
only considered an ordinary Sequence 5 strike on a Demoness.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Tracy did multiple somersaults and dodged Klein’s Air Bullets, leaving
holes in the carpet.
As she rolled, her figure vanished from her enemy’s sight.
A Demoness’s invisibility… Klein bent his back slightly as he was on high
guard. He then used his spiritual perception and his sense of danger as a
Clown to seek out Tracy’s location.
However, he was unable to find her in that short amount of time.
Furthermore, his forehead was heating up and his lungs were burning. His
throat hurt and itched. He nearly couldn’t keep himself from coughing any
longer.
No, I can’t let this drag out any longer! Klein’s thoughts raced as he
suddenly laughed deeply. He then used a stiff male’s voice and said,
“Helene told me your secrets.
“She also told me all of her secrets…”
Before he finished his sentence, his spiritual perception was triggered. This
was because he discovered an intense emotional fluctuation in a particular
corner. The emotions of rage and hatred were impossible to hide from him.
Klein immediately turned around and looked over.
Instantly, layers of golden scales appeared on his left glove. His eyes were
tainted with a pale gold color as his pupils turned vertical.
Silently, Tracy’s figure was outlined as she wore a painful and twisted
expression.
Her extremely feminine raven-black curly hair grew uncontrollably as they
spread in every direction.
Psychiatrist’s Frenzy!
Tracy, whose emotions had been stirred, nearly broke down when faced
with such an attack. She temporarily lost her reasoning.
Klein took the opportunity and snapped his fingers.
An Air Bullet crossed the distance between them, heading straight for
Tracy’s face that remained beautiful despite the twisted expression.
Suddenly, a wisp of thick, raven-black hair swept over, changing the
trajectory of the Air Bullet. It struck Tracy in the left shoulder, causing her
clothes to tear and blood to spurt. Even her bones were exposed.
“Ah!”
Tracy let out a shrill cry as immense amounts of black flames spewed out of
her body and enveloped her.
Following that, thick ice crystals formed outside the black flames.
Beyond it, raven-black curly hair that frantically grew wrapped Tracy, the
black flames, and the ice in thick layers. It seemed to form a gigantic
cocoon made of human hair.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
Klein’s Air Bullets shot out one after another, but they only penetrated the
black hair and got stuck in the ice.
He paused and made his left glove emit the brilliance of the sun.
At that moment, his throat itched. Unable to control himself any further, he
began coughing violently. He failed to produce the attacks he was preparing
to deliver.
Inside the black-haired cocoon, Tracy had recovered her senses. She raised
her voice and shouted sharply, “Enemy assault!
“Enemy assault!”
At that instant, Klein paused for a second. In his moment of adrift thoughts,
he felt as though he had returned to Backlund, returning to the first time he
encountered the Devil dog. He knew he wasn’t its match and could only
shout “murder” and “save me,” before successfully escaping from the
danger.
At that moment in time, Tracy’s cries had the same effect.
Even if there weren’t a dozen Beyonders on the Black Death, the number
was close to that. Furthermore, there were relatively many Beyonders of
relatively high Sequences.
Indeed, killing a pirate admiral in a short period of time is too difficult,
even if it’s an assassination… Klein coughed twice and snapped his fingers.
He stopped attacking and hesitating. He turned and ran for the window in
the captain’s cabin.
The last thing he noticed was the diamond-inlaid bangle, but he didn’t dare
to retrieve it.
Firstly, he was afraid that the severe negative effects would affect his
escape, and secondly, he was afraid that Tracy would be able to lead a
bunch of Beyonders to pursue him with the help of the item’s location after
she recovered. A pursuit at sea would then unfold.
I can’t be greedy! Klein turned his head and smashed through the window
and fell onto the deck.
Two pirates happened to come over as they thrust their cutlasses forward.
Oof! Oof!
Their cutlasses pierced through a paper figurine.
Klein’s figure instantly appeared behind one of the pirates, as he extended
his left hand, opening up a ferocious and creepy mouth on his palm.
Creeping Hunger bit down on its “food” while Klein lifted the pirate up
before other Beyonders rushed over. He took wide steps and ran to the
shipboard. Under gunfire, he plunged into the dark sea under the night sky.