Chapter 938

Writing
Above the endless gray fog, in the magnificent and ancient palace.
The warped picture of the Lord of Storms, one that’s suspected to be left
behind by a Rose Redemption member… Hmm, Red Angel Medici is one
of the founders of Rose Redemption… Klein sat in the high-back chair
belonging to The Fool as he silently looked at the crimson star representing
The Hanged Man.
Using his feedback, he had basically confirmed that the one possessing Ince
Zangwill was the Red Angel evil spirit!
In the eternal silence, Klein silently sat at the seat of honor of the mottled
table as though he had become a deity’s statue.
After an unknown period of time, he nodded indiscernibly and slowly
exhaled.
His figure vanished and returned to the real world. He continued his nap
without thinking of any plans or considering anything related to Ince
Zangwill.
He slept till the next morning and got out of bed. He repeated his habits
over the past few days, walking to the window barefooted and drawing the
windows.
On the streets outside the hotel, Danitz, who had dressed up like a West
Balam native with an extra hooded cloak, held his iron-black boxing glove
close to his chest before rushing to the square on his right. Based on his
previous report, Klein knew that he was meeting one of the local ruling
factions today to understand their stance on the arms deal.
Anderson didn’t follow. He had ruffled his parted short blond hair in a mess
as he leisurely strolled around the perimeter of the square, sat down, and
wore a funny-looking puppet over his left black-gloved hand and began
putting on a ventriloquist act for the people who walked by.
The man and puppet each had different voices as they mocked each other
with witty remarks. It was quite good at attracting attention.
The only problem was that it was done in the Intis language and not
Dutanese. Few people understood it, so after standing around to watch for a
moment, they walked off.
Klein focused on the Fog Sea’s Strongest Hunter with the same expression
as before. His eyes betrayed how deep in thought he was.
East Balam, in the temporary office for Soest’s Red Gloves.
Cindy, who had long, wine-red hair, walked in with a few telegrams as she
said excitedly, “New clues!”
“What clues?” Soest put down the white porcelain coffee mug in his hand
as Leonard and Daly cast their gazes to the door.
As Cindy handed the telegram to her captain, she said, “Emperor Roselle’s
quote ‘wherever he steps, whatever he touches, whatever he leaves, even
unconsciously, will serve as a silent witness against him,’ really makes
sense. We’ve found people witnessing Ince Zangwill in several places,
forming a complete trajectory. “From this, we’ve realized that Ince
Zangwill’s thoughts seem to be contradictory. He often approaches the
colonies of Intis, staying for a short moment, before leaving it. He then
approaches it once again and leaves it repeatedly as though-as though…”
Isn’t this what Klein mentioned? That his actions are inconsistent? Leonard
was delighted as he offered a better description for Cindy:
“As though he’s oscillating.”
“Yes, oscillating!” Cindy heaved a sigh of relief and began describing the
findings, “In addition, Ince Zangwill has killed a few Intis military spies
and has purchased several Beyonder ingredients. It’s unknown what he’s
trying to do.”
This… Leonard deliberated and said, “Which pathway’s Beyonder
ingredients are being bought by Ince Zangwill?”
“They are from the Warrior, Hunter, and Bard pathways.” Cindy pointed at
the few telegrams that Captain Soest was reading.
Indeed, there’s the Hunter pathway… Having failed to find an excuse to get
his teammates to take notice of Hunter-related clues, Leonard exhaled
silently and no longer had any doubts regarding Klein’s theory. He believed
it to be the truth!
Next, how should I make everyone realize that Ince has been possessed by
an evil spirit of the Hunter pathway… Leonard fell into deep thought. He
waited until Soest finished reading the telegram and handed it to the other
teammates before he came up with something. He decided to take a risk.
Before he spoke, he subconsciously glanced at Daly Simone. Dressed in a
Spirit Medium’s attire, this lady lowered her hand slightly, indicating that
he shouldn’t be too anxious, and to stop whatever he was about to attempt.
Ma’am Daly is telling me that it isn’t time, that I should wait for a better
opportunity? Amidst his hesitation, he saw Daly flick the telegram in her
hand and looked around the room.
“I have an idea.”
“What is it?” Soest asked.
Daly smiled.
“I suspect that Ince Zangwill is possessed by an evil spirit.”
She… She just said it like that… She will be suspected! Leonard jumped in
fright.
Without waiting for Soest, Cindy, and company to raise their doubts, Daly
continued, “Ince Zangwill was once a Gatekeeper, and now, he’s a
Nightwatcher. His body can accommodate evil spirits and use their powers.
Furthermore, he also has 0-08’s help. If I were him, I’d definitely try to seek
out stronger evil spirits and raise my strength as much as possible.
“This way, before he obtains complete control over the evil spirit, there will
be backlashes. Ince Zangwill will take actions that seem contradictory. This
can explain what’s mentioned on the telegram.
“In addition, haven’t we been puzzled as to why Ince Zangwill has been
trying to contact important members of the Numinous Episcopate, and we
had come up with various theories? Perhaps getting them to help him
exorcise, purify, or completely control the evil spirit is his goal!”
Soest thought for a moment and deliberated over his words.
“That possibility cannot be ruled out, but this is fundamentally a subjective
theory of yours… How did you come up with this? Which details gave you
the inspiration?”
Leonard became nervous as Daly chuckled.
“This is a woman’s intuition. It’s just like how I know your thoughts, as
well as those of the rest of you at times.
“Besides, since this is a discussion and analysis, we should list down all the
possibilities. We should then eliminate the possibilities based on the actual
investigations. This will aid us in finding the correct answer. Therefore, we
need to let our thoughts wander. No matter how ridiculous the idea is, we
must dare to propose it!
“From the various details we obtained from our feedback, I believe my
theory is the most likely one.”
Ma’am Daly sure is good with words. At least, she has convinced me… She
raised the theory of an evil spirit’s possession to protect me and direct the
risk towards herself? On this matter regarding Ince Zangwill, she seems
willing to take on everything… Leonard became enlightened as he felt
poignant.
After hearing Daly’s reply, Soest nodded slightly.
“Indeed, since this is a discussion, we shouldn’t limit our thoughts.
“The possibility of an evil spirit possession scenario is quite high. I’ll report
this to Her Excellency Goddess’s Eye. I’ll leave it to the archbishop and
high-ranking deacons to decide the subsequent investigations. After all, we
know too little about 0-08.”
“The Red Gloves team led by Soest discovered Ince Zangwill’s
abnormalities from the feedback from various telegrams. Daly Simone used
this opportunity to mention the assumption of an evil spirit’s possession and
had received a unanimous agreement.
“She claimed it to be a reasonable theory, but she was already in the know.
She had learned it from Leonard Mitchell, who has a Parasite, and Leonard
Mitchell’s information source came from a letter sent by Reinette Tinekerr.
Who could be the one who mailed it?
“Meanwhile, Leonard Mitchell and Daly Simone had already suspected that
the evil spirit possessing Ince Zangwill belongs to the Hunter pathway…”
A classic quill dabbed in black ink was writing rapidly on an ordinary
notebook as though it was held by an invisible hand.
Suddenly, a silently pale hand reached out and grabbed the quill.
The owner of that hand had dark blond hair with facial features akin to a
classic sculpture. One of his eyes was so blue that it was nearly black, and
the other was filled with small but obvious blood vessels.
He lowered his wrist and continued writing:
“But is this the truth to the matter? Will everything develop according to
what Daly Simone, Leonard Mitchell, and Soest’s Red Gloves team have in
mind?”
In the Forsaken Land of the Gods, in Nois City which couldn’t be
illuminated by the lightning.
The figures looked over without making any sound, giving Derrick a fright.
He nearly stopped the illumination effect as he dodged to avoid facing them
directly.
However, having trained from a young age, and with his experience over
the past year, he didn’t end up flustered. He didn’t rush to end it as he
forcefully held back his horror and waited for the Chief to give the next
order.
Two dark green, complicated symbols appeared in Colin Iliad’s eyes. He
took in the streets that were blanketed with faint mist and the seemingly
normal figures which didn’t take any action.
Suddenly, he grunted and genuflected, his hands grabbing the two swords
that were stabbed in the ground.
At the back of his neck, his bluish-black skin swelled a little as
indescribable and complicated mysterious symbols appeared. They were
half illusory and half real as they crept to either higher or lower levels.
At the same time, Shepherd Lovia let out a painful grunt as she raised her
hands and held her head, vomiting some blobs of squirming flesh and
blood.
Her palms and her body seemed to have silver armor strangely appear,
overlapping on top of her.
“Stop,” Demon Hunter Colin muttered softly one second later.
Derrick hurriedly ended the illumination and allowed the thin mist to cloak
the figures, allowing the dead silence to once again blanket the ancient Nois
City.
Everything quickly returned to its former form as Colin Iliad slowly got up.
He cast his heavy gaze at the tower, cathedral, and other buildings that
could barely be made out through the thin mist.
“It’s a bit different from my last expedition. I’m not sure why there are such
changes either.” Demon Hunter Colin retracted his gaze as he surveyed the
team members. “Do you have any ideas or thoughts?”
Shepherd Lovia had already crouched down to pick up the blobs of flesh
and blood that had fallen to the ground. However, she wasn’t in a rush to
stuff them into her mouth, to munch on them before swallowing. She
offered, “We can change directions and explore Nois City’s other entrances.
Perhaps we might discover something.”
She had been maintaining her silence and kept the attitude of a spectator the
entire journey. This was the first time she was voicing out her thoughts and
giving her point of view.