Chapter 1372

: The Other Use of the Magic
Wishing Lamp
Queen Mystic Bernadette seemed to have a sense of foreboding when she
saw Gehrman Sparrow’s arrival. Without any surprise, she put down the
ancient scroll in her hand and cast her gaze at the visitor at the door.
Klein didn’t stand on ceremony and said directly, “I wish to borrow the
Magic Wishing Lamp for a day.”
Bernadette nodded gently and raised “Her” hand to pick up the Magic
Wishing Lamp beside “Her.”
“Her” invisible servant immediately held the unique lamp and brought it to
Klein.
Klein took it and said in a deep voice, “Thank you.”
Bernadette didn’t make any requests. It was as though she wasn’t afraid that
she would end up having accumulated an additional wish and dying a
strange death.
She believed that Mr. Fool would be able to resolve this problem because
the existence had displayed this ability the last time.
In the next second, Klein, who had transformed into Gehrman Sparrow,
vanished from the Dawn and returned to Sefirah Castle.
When he placed the Magic Wishing Lamp on the table in front of him, he
immediately saw the candlewick light up, emitting a sticky light that
formed a distorted, blurry golden figure.
“You haven’t fulfilled your promise yet, so I won’t fulfill your wishes
according to your will again,” Genie said with a majestic and dignified
voice. “You should know that the current owner of this lamp is Roselle’s
daughter. The first wish you made was to place ‘Her’ accumulated wishes
that could allow ‘Her’ to suffer a backlash at the level Above the Sequences
on you. And this time, I won’t permit you to transfer ‘Her’ wishes onto
yourself.”
When Klein had used the Magic Wishing Lamp to escape, he hadn’t
changed the ownership of this Grade 0 Sealed Artifact. It still belonged to
Bernadette, and its wielder was still Queen Mystic.
Therefore, his wish would simultaneously be accumulated on himself and
Bernadette.
At that time, his first wish was to transfer the two wishes that Bernadette
had previously made under his name. This cleared Bernadette’s
accumulated wishes, and he was burdened with two wishes.
But at the same time, this first wish was also accumulated. Therefore, after
it was fulfilled, Bernadette’s count became 1, and Klein’s was 3.
Following that, Klein made a second wish. It would undoubtedly be
counted towards both Bernadette and him.
Finally, Bernadette’s wish count was 2 without exceeding the critical point,
while Klein reached 4. Without any surprises, he encountered the backlash
from the rules that were at the level of an Outer Deity. He died on the spot
in Adam’s corpse cathedral and successfully escaped.
Under the premise that Klein made another wish, it would make
Bernadette’s wish count reach 3, causing her to unavoidably suffer
something terrifying.
Of course, he could also mimic the first wish he did previously, transferring
Bernadette’s wish count onto himself and spending one chance at “revival.”
However, the Genie had already made it clear that “He” would distort any
similar wishes, allowing the wish to be realized in a way that Klein didn’t
wish to see.
Sigh, it’s also because I was in a rush the last time. And Roselle was
affected by the Primordial Moon, so the wish we came up with was
definitely flawed… At that time, I should’ve added a description to make
the first wish only count under my name. Or perhaps, I should’ve added
another wish between the first and second wish to transfer the ownership of
the Magic Wishing Lamp to me. After all, my death would result in the
ownership being cleared, and the Magic Wishing Lamp would return to its
wielder… As Klein sighed inwardly, he smiled at Genie.
“You should be no stranger to ‘Tampering’ and ‘Reassembly.’
“With your level and current state as this lamp, I can now rely on Sefirah
Castle to ‘Graft’ its ownership from Bernadette onto me. Or perhaps, we
can use a different method and directly use ‘Theft’?”
Genie’s blurry golden figure fell silent. After a few seconds, “He” said,
“Although you aren’t as cunning as ‘Him,’ you’re just as shameless.
“However, this is of no use. After you accumulate your wishes and die, the
ownership of this lamp will still return to Roselle’s daughter. And I will
distort the rules and place your wish count onto ‘Her.’
“Also, I said earlier that before you fulfill your promise, I won’t fulfill your
wish normally again.”
Klein maintained his smile.
“I once heard a story regarding investors.
“When a company is in trouble, the ones who are more willing to provide
aid will definitely be the original investors. Although they have already paid
a lot, if they don’t continue investing, they might not be able to recoup their
investment and end up losing all their money.
“Of course, if they could use other means to retrieve their own share, or
exchange their investment for greater benefits, it would be another story.
“Which type do you think you are?”
Genie stared at Klein, who was sitting in The Fool’s seat, and laughed.
“After you gain a deeper grasp of Sefirah Castle, you also seem to have
obtained the eloquence of a Swindler. However, unless you help me remove
the seal now, it will be difficult for me to affect matters at the level of
Sequence 0. At most, you will encounter a backlash from Above the
Sequences laws and die again.
“However, this won’t be of any help to what you wish to do now. Death
means failure. Furthermore, you should know very well that losing control
during your advancement will affect all your avatars. It’s not something that
can be avoided by cutting off all connections.”
Klein smiled and nodded.
“Indeed, I haven’t thought of a wish yet. I’m just making preparations.”
With that said, he looked at the Magic Wishing Lamp.
“Actually, this lamp has another use that can affect matters at Sequence 0.
“I heard that a true god once attempted to destroy this lamp, but failed in
the end. Indeed, how can a lamp that can seal an Outer Deity be so easily
damaged? It definitely has the power of the Lord of the Mysteries or Sefirah
Castle.”
As he spoke, the smile on Klein’s face gradually became obvious.
“It’s such a waste not to use something as sturdy as this as a shield.”
“…” Genie fell silent for a long time.
After such a friendly exchange, Klein and Genie exchanged their views.
The fact that both of them were connected by fate had allowed “Them” to
come up with a preliminary agreement.
Then, Klein placed the Magic Wishing Lamp into his pocket, prepared to
use it at any time.
After completing all of this, he cast his gaze at the fragments of light related
to the Hornacis mountain range in the fog of history.
He was almost done with his preparations. Next, he would create another
avatar and steal the undigested Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder
characteristic from himself. Then, he could face the ancestor of the
Antigonus family.
And this might very well trigger a divine battle.
To be frank, Klein didn’t wish for that to happen. This was because a war of
deities would likely have a negative impact on the real world.
Back when the Rose Redemption stopped the resurrection of the Primordial
One, in the divine battle to assassinate the ancient sun god, which involved
the help of Dark Angel Sasrir, it directly brought about a disaster that
affected the entire Eastern Continent. This caused more than 99% of the
living creatures there to die, making large swaths of the terrain to resemble
the abyss.
The War of the Four Emperors and the Pale Disaster had nearly destroyed
the Northern Continent, causing countless people to die and mutate. This
caused the mountains to turn into lakes, valleys into peaks, rivers changing
paths, the land to collapse, and the ocean to go berserk.
The battle between the Evernight Goddess and the God of Combat
happened in the astral world. It happened in the Evernight Goddess’s divine
kingdom, and it was relatively brief. Therefore, it had the least impact on
the real world. However, before that, the world war that exceeded a year
had drained the blood and tears of countless people.
If it was possible, Klein was actually willing to give up on Sefirah Castle
and live on as a Sequence 1 or even a Sequence 2 angel. The matter would
then develop in the most peaceful way.
However, along the way, there were already too many existences who
provided him with kindness, help, and faith. At this moment, if Klein were
to give up, he would put them into danger. This wasn’t being kind, but
selfish.
From time immemorial, which successful person didn’t bear the fates of
many people?
If he gave up, what about the rest?
The members of the Tarot Club, The Fool believers of the City of Silver and
Moon City, Azik Eggers, Reinette Tinekerr, Will Auceptin… Various faces
quickly flashed across Klein’s mind.
Finally, he let out a long sigh.
If Amon could be trusted, it wasn’t that Klein couldn’t hand over all of this
to “Him.” However, this God of Deceit had always been reckless. Even
“His” believers were all “Himself.”
If Klein were to give up just like that—notwithstanding his own safety—the
people or demigods he had just thought of might be caught by his enemies
or directly end up wearing a monocle on their right eye. Among them, Will
Auceptin and The Fool’s believers were in the most danger.
Believe in the might of deities, but do not trust “Their” benevolence!
This was Klein’s decision. When facing the Evernight Goddess, he had used
the Lord of Storms and company as an example. This was telling “Her” that
he wouldn’t let “Her” down after all the help “She” had given. This was the
existence that had bet the most on him. If Klein were to give up, the
Evernight Goddess might have to pay a greater price to obtain the River of
Eternal Darkness. “She” might even not be able to obtain it forever. This
was because after the appearance of the two pillars—Lord of the Mysteries
and God Almighty—it meant that the threat from the Outer Deities would
be reduced to its lowest level. There wouldn’t be any need for additional
Great Old Ones to appear.
Phew, I’ll later use Sefirah Castle to “Graft” the main peak of the Hornacis
mountain range to the astral world. This can prevent the war of deities from
bringing any harm to the real world to the greatest extent. It can also allow
the deities who are guarding the cracking barrier to unleash “Their” full
strength. After all, most of my supporters are orthodox deities… Klein’s
mind raced as he came up with a solution.
He then snapped his fingers and used Sefirah Castle to create an avatar to
stand beside him.