Chapter 646

: Leymano’s Spellbook
Backlund, outside the steam locomotive station.
Fors wore a finely checkered black veiled hat with embedded blue flowers
and stood by the hall at the station’s entrance, awaiting her teacher, Dorian
Gray.
The drizzle on the streets and the cold winds blowing underground had
made this female author tremble slightly. She felt that she had
underestimated Backlund’s spring.
I wonder what Xio is doing that makes her busy all year round. Sigh, she
said that she wouldn’t even get out of bed when her father was still alive.
Apart from going to the bathroom, both food and water would be served to
her by her servants. Now, she’s leaving early in the morning every day and
only returning late at night regardless of the weather. She has completed
one mission after another, capturing one fugitive after another. With this in
mind, Fors couldn’t help but admire Xio.
Last week, this female Sheriff had already paid off her debt and had even
saved up 200 pounds!
I have to say that, as a Beyonder job, a Sheriff is really suited to being a
bounty hunter. Of course, the choices available to her are limited to Low-
Sequence Beyonders… Fors’s thoughts wandered as her gaze that was
directed outwards had suddenly caught sight of a familiar figure.
It was a man of medium build, and he was dressed in a black suit, the most
popular attire in Loen. He wore a half top hat, and in a rare instance, his
shoulders appeared broad. It was broad in an almost exaggerated sense.
He was none other than Fors’s teacher, one of the few remaining members
of the Abraham family, Dorian Gray Abraham.
Fors was delighted as she immediately went over with her umbrella in hand.
With so many people on the streets, she didn’t directly approach him.
However, her gaze met his and saw him raise his clenched right fist towards
the first button on his black suit.
This… means danger! Fors’s expressionlessly diverted her gaze away. She
smiled as she cast her gaze to a young gentleman behind Dorian, and as
though nothing happened, she passed him and walked forward.
An ancient family had unimaginable experience in all kinds of matters, so
Dorian Gray had long informed Fors of the signals and gestures to use in
urgent situations. The action from before was extremely simple. It was to
inform her to stay away!
The young man behind was somewhat taken aback to be stared at by the
languid, mature lady. Following that, he instinctively adjusted his clothes
and pressed down on his hat.
Just as he finished these series of actions, Fors had overtaken him and
continued heading forward.
Under the drizzle, Fors circled the area and boarded a rental carriage and
headed for Hat Trick Inn on Cherwood Borough’s 22 Hope Street. This was
the place that Dorian Gray had reserved in advance.
Having spent so many years in mysticism circles, Fors, who had plenty of
experience, calmly got a neighboring room and stood before the window to
observe the guests that came to the inn.
Finally, she saw Dorian Gray get off a carriage and walk through the door.
Fors quickly turned around and came to the bend of the stairwell. She
covertly observed her teacher being led to his room by an attendant.
After a while, she took off her hat, messed up her hair a little before coming
to Room 2016, and she knocked on it.
Her plan was very simple. If her teacher’s response wasn’t problematic, she
would enter the room to converse with him. If it was abnormal, she would
pretend as though she had come to the wrong room or that she was a
prostitute trying to get some business.
Creak. The door slowly opened as Dorian looked at his student in front of
him before looking both ways down the corridor.
Then, he raised his right arm and spread his fingers to press on the second
button of his suit.
This meant that he wasn’t controlled and that the abnormality was over.
Fors let out a silent sigh of relief and instantly entered the room.
“Teacher, what happened just now?” she asked, feeling worried and
concerned.
Dorian closed the door and smiled wryly.
“I saw someone familiar.”
He sighed and added, “An enemy.”
It was his former student who had later betrayed the Abraham family with
Traveler Boulaya and nearly wiped out the upper echelons of the Abraham
family.
According to what Dorian knew, his former student had already joined the
Aurora Order and was likely one of the 22 Oracles.
“What did he do? Is he very strong?” Fors asked curiously.
Dorian fell silent for a few seconds and divulged a little.
“Lawrence, Laubero, Aulisa, and I belong to a particular organization. A
few members betrayed it and dealt a heavy blow to it.
“That was one of the traitors.”
He didn’t mention it as a family, nor did he mention the conflict between
bloodline members and the apprentices so as to prevent Fors from getting
her feelings involved.
“How despicable!” Fors immediately recalled the kind Mrs. Aulisa and the
friendly and amiable Mr. Lawrence.
“Alright, let’s not chat about such unhappy matters.” Dorian took out a
piece of paper that had been folded a few times and handed it to Fors.
“Here’s the Astrologer potion formula. Your digestion of the Trickmaster
and Apprentice potions has exceeded my expectations. This is the greatest
surprise I’ve had in the past ten years.”
“I specially joined a circus.” Fors didn’t hide the fact, and she even felt that
it was worth flaunting.
As she spoke, she unfolded the piece of paper to read the Astrologer’s
potion formula.
At this moment, Dorian nodded in relief.
“I’m very sorry. Due to the previous losses, I’m unable to provide you with
the main ingredients of the Astrologer potion. Just treat it as a final test.
“However, I have prepared a gift for you.”
As he spoke, he took out a palm-sized notebook from his inner left pocket.
Its cover looked hard, and it was entirely bronze-green in color. It looked
rather ancient.
The notebook was comprised of three types of paper. The yellow-type of
parchment had the fewest pages, while another was a yellowish-brown
goatskin of about ten pages, while the rest was ordinary white paper. On the
cover there were the words written in ancient Feysac: “I came, I saw, I
record.”
Fors’s gaze moved away from the Astrologer potion formula and onto the
notebook. She recognized it to be the item left behind by Mr. Lawrence. It
was the item she had specially traveled all the way to Pritz Harbor to hand
to her teacher!
Dorian smiled.
“I believe you are no stranger to it.”
After Fors nodded, he sighed.
“This is a rather potent mystical item. It can be ranked in the top five
among all the similar items I’ve seen. This doesn’t mean that it’s more
impressive than the ones ranked after it, but it’s simply because the negative
effects are the easiest to resolve. When the two are put together, it makes it
worth a lot.”
“What is its name? What negative side effects does it have?” Fors couldn’t
disguise her excitement and agitation.
Dorian caressed the notebook’s cover and said, “It’s called ‘Leymano’s
Travels,’ but we prefer calling it ‘Leymano’s Spellbook.’
While this spellbook will expose you to more kinds of Beyonder powers, it
can also allow you to record them.
“It will be materialized onto a particular page for long-term storage. You
can use it at any time, but remember, the corresponding page will become
blank again with each use, awaiting your next record.”
… It sounds amazing. Fors felt as though she was dreaming.
I can record any Beyonder powers I see and use them once?
I-isn’t this another kind of Shepherd? The Shepherd mentioned by Little
Sun… Yes, it’s only limited to a single prepared battle.
I wonder if I can record the Beyonder powers of a demigod. If it’s possible,
in a prepared battle, I’ll be even stronger than a Shepherd!
Dorian seemed to read her mind as he explained in detail.
“It can be said so. It corresponds to a Sequence 6 Scribe of the Apprentice
pathway. It’s not guaranteed that a Beyonder power that is higher than this
Sequence can be recorded. There’s a chance of failure; the greater the gap,
the greater the chance of failure. Furthermore, the effects will be halved.
“According to the experience of past users, while chances of success
against a Sequence 5’s Beyonder powers is considerably high, once it
reaches Sequence 4, which is the level of a demigod, it becomes relatively
difficult. There might not be a single instance of success within ten
attempts. And I believe no demigod will cast it again and again for you. If
it’s an enemy, they would’ve killed you ten times over.
“Do you see these? The yellow parchment is specifically used to record
Beyonder powers with godhood. There are a total of three pages, which is
to say that even if you are very lucky, all you can record is three demigod
Beyonder powers, and you can only use them each once.”
Although it appears to have many restrictions, making it impossible to fully
produce the traveling notebook’s might, it isn’t an obstacle for two types of
people. One of them is a lucky person, while the other is someone with a
large organization or faction backing them, the kind which has a demigod
helping… Fors instantly thought of seeking Mr. Fool’s help to display “His”
powers so that she could record them. However, she immediately found it
sacrilegious as she hurriedly apologized inwardly.
Following that, she sincerely hoped that the supposedly strongest Ma’am
Hermit in the Tarot Club would quickly become a demigod.
Dorian noticed that Fors’s thoughts were going astray as he continued, “The
pages like goatskin can record the Beyonder powers of a Sequence 5 or 6.
There are a total of ten pages, and the effects would be more than half of the
original, roughly 70 to 80%.
“The remaining pages record Beyonder powers below Sequence 6. There
are a total of 25 pages, and the effects are almost equal to the original, but
they are still slightly inferior.
“Due to some developments in the past, the spellbook still has five pages
with Beyonder powers left. The rest are blank. You can test them for
yourself.”
Dorian paused before saying with a solemn expression, “Before giving it to
you, I have to seriously warn you that it has negative effects. After using it
each time, it will make you get lost, and it’s the kind that causes you to
encounter danger. You have to draw a bit of your blood to smear it on the
cover evenly to reduce the effects.
“Remember, don’t underestimate getting lost. You must resolve it as quickly
as possible.”
“Yes, Teacher,” Fors replied seriously.
Dorian then handed Leymano’s Travels to Fors.
“This is my gift.”
Teacher is really nice… Fors pursed her lips and asked, “What’s the name
of that student who betrayed you? What does he look like?
“If there’s a chance, I wish to seek vengeance on him for both you and Mr.
Lawrence.”
“No, don’t think about it. You are much weaker than him. Back when he
betrayed us, he was already a Scribe. Now, he might even be a Traveler,”
Dorian said solemnly. “However, you do need to remember him and avoid
him. His name is Lewis Wien. I’ll draw a picture of him later.”
“Alright.” Fors nodded.
…
On the Future, in the pirates’ dining hall.
Klein met Cattleya who was exiting just as he walked in.
The lady was no longer as pale as the previous night. With a pair of thick
glasses, she calmly said, “Make your preparations. We will be arriving in
those waters in a while.”
That fast? How far exactly did we fly last night? Klein was taken aback.