Chapter 1051

: 1051 Different Styles of Different
Pathways
1051 Different Styles of Different Pathways
Upon seeing this scene, Hvin Rambis immediately extricated himself from
that state of calm, clearly aware that he had fallen into a trap. He also
further realized that he was already under some sort of influence.
Without any hesitation, he arched his back and his body swelled.
His pupils turned vertical, turning from pale blue to golden. His face, the
back of his hand, and every inch of his exposed skin grew grayish-white
scales.
Amidst the screeching sound, the white shirt, black vest, formal coat, and
straight trousers that he wore tore apart, revealing the dragon scales
beneath.
In the blink of an eye, Hvin Rambis had transformed into an abnormally
massive monster. Aside from his head that remained in the form of a
human, the rest of his body had changed completely. It was like a dragon
that had yet to fully evolve.
The dragon’s back was covered in gray-skinned wings, and its limbs were
thick. The grayish-white scales were engraved with complicated, three-
dimensional mysterious symbols. They extended into the flesh, extending
into the surrounding void. It seemed to be a mesh of objects that didn’t
belong to the real world. It threw anyone who laid their eyes upon it into
suffering a form of mental confusion as their thoughts warped. Even one’s
Spirit Body would be tainted with all kinds of thoughts that came from deep
within one’s heart, eager to rip apart and mutilate themselves.
This was the Spectator pathway’s incomplete Mythical Creature form!
For demigods of other pathways—those who weren’t at the angel level—
they required immense willpower and firm beliefs to fight in their Mythical
Creature forms. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to control the madness
and the inclination of losing control. There was a high chance of them
immediately losing all rationality and transforming into a monster.
However, the Spectator pathway was different. They had Placate which
could treat their minds and souls, so they weren’t helpless towards the
madness and inclination of losing control. Therefore, as long as the fight
wasn’t prolonged, they could use their Mythical Creature form and return to
normal at will.
Whoosh!
All the thoughts in Hvin Rambis’s subconscious domain boiled over as they
churned, identifying the parts of his consciousness that had been altered,
purging them out and melting them down into nothingness.
Whoosh!
The violent winds surged around Hvin Rambis’s grayish-white dragon
avatar. It seemed to come from reality, but also seemed to come from an
illusory world.
They carried a certain will as they whirled in every direction. Any creature
that was embroiled would inevitably be placed into various abnormal states,
stand rooted to the ground in a daze, or blindly escape towards the corners
of the garden. There would be varying degrees of losing of control as their
knees would buckle before they slumped to the ground. Some would even
faint immediately and fall into a coma. Others would reveal their most
fervent expressions, crowding around the dragon-like attendants.
This was a qualitative change in “Dragon Might” which stemmed from a
Mythical Creature form. It went from its original state of placing others in a
state of “Awe” to “Mind Deprivation” with even more effects!
Seizing the moment when Dragon Might swept the surroundings, Hvin
Rambis focused and transformed into illusory, sinister versions of himself.
Through the sea of collective subconscious which eluded most Beyonders,
he approached Gehrman Sparrow on the rooftop and Audrey Hall by the
garden’s periphery at high speeds.
As a Spectator, he could tell that the attacker was Gehrman Sparrow just by
seeing his face and temperament!
At this moment, Audrey was mumbling to herself and compelling herself
based on the discussions and warnings from the two demigods, The World
and The Hermit, above the gray fog.
“I can’t see anything. I can’t hear anything…
“I can’t see anything. I can’t hear anything…”
She was trying to avoid losing control from looking directly at Hvin
Rambis’s Mythical Creature form.
However, this also made her unable to “see” or sense that a particular
illusory, sinister version of Hvin Rambis was approaching her Body of
Heart and Mind from the sea of collective subconscious.
But suddenly, before Hvin Rambis’s “eyes,” the blonde, green-eyed girl’s
island of consciousness disappeared.
Audrey felt a warmth from her body, as if she had returned from a cold,
dark cave to the surface where the sun shined.
She hurriedly dispelled the hypnosis and opened her eyes. The sun in the
sky pierced through the clouds that couldn’t be considered thin, scattering
its resplendence. Bathed in the bright golden glow, autumn flowers
bloomed in silence. Everything was beautiful and peaceful.
Audrey looked around blankly, but she didn’t see Hvin Rambis, Gehrman
Sparrow, or the huge crimson moon.
This made her feel like everything that she had just experienced was just a
dream.
What mighty powers… A battle between the two demigods might not even
harm a single flower. Audrey silently muttered to herself before calmly
leaving the garden, retreating to the corridor that connected the garden to
the house.
She was afraid that her presence would affect Gehrman Sparrow’s fight.
In the concealed world, one of Hvin Rambis’s manifestations had also
landed on Gehrman Sparrow’s island of consciousness under the crimson
moon.
Just as he was about to set foot on it and open the door to the Body of Heart
and Mind and control Gehrman Sparrow’s subconscious to make him do
things against his own will, he realized that the illusory island that stood in
the sea of collective subconscious was filled with a deathly silence—there
were no stirring thoughts or the appearance of new thoughts. There was no
way of influencing it.
Puppet! Marionette! Hvin Rambis instantly made a judgment. Combined
with the information he had obtained in the past, he had a better grasp of
Gehrman Sparrow’s abilities.
He wasn’t shocked or depressed. Instead, he felt a sense of glee and
confidence. This was because, for a demigod of the Spectator pathway, he
could easily tell the difference between a marionette and the true body,
greatly mitigating Gehrman Sparrow’s strongest ability.
Besides, do you think a marionette can foil my mind invasion and control of
one’s consciousness? That sinister and illusory Hvin Rambis swept his
golden vertical eyes and found a transparent passage on the marionette’s
island of consciousness. On the island of consciousness, it was the symbolic
form of Spirit Body Threads in the mind world!
Right on the heels of that, Hvin Rambis’s figure flashed, and he traced the
transparent passageway and found another island of consciousness hidden
in the distance. This was where the source of where the marionettes were
controlled, which meant that it belonged to the actual body!
“Found you!”
Hvin Rambis snorted coldly as he conjured a terrifying mind storm in the
sea of collective subconscious, allowing them to thrash about in Gehrman
Sparrow’s island of consciousness over and over again.
This caused the nearby “weather” to rapidly change, and the ability to
percept the surroundings via spirituality suffered intense interference. Hvin
Rambis took the opportunity to get close to Gehrman Sparrow’s island of
consciousness, and he conjured a grayish-white staircase in an attempt to
furtively invade his opponent’s subconscious.
This was his usual style of fighting. One stayed in the light while the other
stayed in the dark. While one attacked head- on, the other sneaked in. With
these two angles of attack, it easily broke the target’s mental walls and
allowed him to control his opponent’s Body of Heart and Mind.
At the same time, as a dragon avatar, he flew up and spiraled in midair. It
affected Gehrman Sparrow with its Dragon Might and Breath,
complementing the battle at the consciousness level.
At this moment, from deep within the sea of collective subconscious, Hvin
Rambis had silently invaded the Gehrman Sparrow’s Body of Heart and
Mind when all of a sudden, he saw a boundless grayish-white fog. All the
sea of collective subconscious around and the islands had vanished.
Hvin Rambis’s heart tightened as he hurriedly analyzed his psyche,
suspecting that he was under an illusion.
However, no matter how he handled it, the grayish-white fog didn’t change.
Of course, there were no accidents or danger. It was as if it was just a
simple background.
That was pretty suspicious.
Just as Hvin Rambis was preparing to stir a mind storm here, the grayish-
white fog finally dissipated, revealing the island of consciousness from
before that belonged to Gehrman Sparrow.
Hvin Rambis didn’t have time to hesitate. He quickly entered the
corresponding subconscious and attempted to change his target’s thoughts.
However, those thoughts were dyed with a bright light, a holy and majestic
aura. It was unshakable and uninfluenced.
This… Hvin Rambis instinctively looked up and looked towards the sea of
consciousness from the stone stairs that he conjured.
Other than the “island” itself, there was also a figure with twelve pairs of
fiery wings, emitting golden light.
It looked like the projection of an angel’s powers!
Since he was planning on dealing with a demigod from the Spectator
pathway today, Klein had no doubt used Angel’s Embrace on himself. With
the Red Priest’s level of importance, he directed the powers of the
mysterious space above the gray fog, allowing him to temporarily be
unaffected when facing an incomplete Mythical Creature form.
And the reason why he didn’t show it directly was that he was
experimenting with Hvin Rambis.
As Hvin Rambis attempted to invade his island of consciousness, his
marionette, Qonas Kilgor, distorted the target his enemy locked onto,
changing it from Klein’s Body of Heart and Mind to Klein’s projection of
the gray fog.
As a result, if Hvin Rambis found the island of consciousness in the
grayish-white fog, it meant that there was a being of unknown origins
sleeping in the mysterious space. This meant that Klein had to be wary
ahead of time. On the contrary, he could feel a little relaxed.
This was something he had long wanted to test but didn’t dare attempt
because it might be dangerous. Today, he finally had a chance to do so.
After all, even if there were any consequences, Hvin Rambis would be the
one dying and not him. It might even allow him to easily finish off a
demigod.
Seeing that he was blessed by an angel and wasn’t capable of breaking or
infiltrating his opponent’s Body of Heart and Mind in a short period of time
and exerting his consciousness on him, Hvin Rambis retreated without any
hesitation. He left the area and returned to his mind world through the sea
of collective subconscious.
Then, the massive dragon disappeared, disappearing into thin air,
preventing Klein from even finding it via Spirit Body Threads.
Psychological Invisibility!
Hvin Rambis planned on using a psychological blind spot to hide in the
dark. Then, using area-of-effect Beyonder powers like Mind Deprivation
and Mind Storm to slowly weaken Gehrman Sparrow’s angel-enhanced
mental walls, he would attempt using his own Sealed Artifact to attack.
As a demigod of the Spectator pathway, although his dragon form was
powerful at melee combat, it still lacked the necessary, powerful offensive
Beyonder powers. It had to be made up for through certain Sealed Artifacts.
At this moment, an illusory book appeared in front of the Gehrman Sparrow
who could be either the marionette or his actual self. Following that, there
was an ethereal voice:
“I came, I saw, I record.”
Klein was using Lightning Storm which had been “Recorded” by the
Creeping Hunger!
For something like Psychological Invisibility, it could be easily resolved
with a full area-of-effect bombardment!
It has to be said that, when dealing with a Beyonder with such a fighting
style, the Storm pathway was a pretty good choice.