Chapter 1035

Diary Page in Advance
Backlund East Borough, inside a two-bedroom apartment.
Fors picked up a fountain pen and wrote on a piece of paper.
This was a letter for her teacher, Dorian Gray Abraham. It was to tell him
that she was in danger and had no choice but to leave where she used to
stay. Replies were not to be sent there, and if he had sent a letter, he was to
quickly change his address and change identities if possible.
After writing plenty of words, Fors put down her pen, folded the letter,
stuffed it into an envelope, and adhered a stamp on it.
Then, she changed into outdoor attire and left the room with the letter she
wanted to send.
She wasn’t inclined towards heading out, but this new residence of hers not
only didn’t have alcoholic beverages, but it didn’t even have coffee beans,
instant coffee, black tea leaves, daily newspapers, the latest magazines, or
novels.
For these, she had no choice but to personally head out to send the letter
and buy some groceries outside East Borough.
As for Xio, she had already gone out. She wanted to mail a letter to her
former rental apartment, indicating that Viscount Stratford’s loyalties lay
with the king. She wanted to see if it could drive Shermane’s observer to
take certain actions.
Seriously, after everything was over, I was so afraid that I nearly forgot to
write to Teacher. If I had finished it earlier, I could’ve gotten Xio to do the
mailing… Fors wore a bonnet that had a fishnet, walked down the dark
staircase all the way to the bottom, and walked out the condominium.
This was in the periphery of East Borough where technical workers and
low-level managers mainly lived. It was relatively safe and even had
paperboys around.
As Fors heard chimes from time to time, she walked slowly along the side
of the street.
At this moment, a postman stopped his bike, took out a stack of newspapers
from his bag, and entered a condominium beside her.
Fors casually glanced at it and discovered that the copy at the top was News
at Sea.
People who live here will actually subscribe to such a newspaper? Their job
has something to do with maritime trade? Fors retracted her gaze as she
mumbled in surprise.
However, this wasn’t something that was worth paying attention to. She
quickly walked towards the mailbox when she saw it at the end of the
streets.
The postman entered the condominium and found a few targets from the
rows of mailboxes, stuffing the corresponding papers into them.
Shortly after he left, a mailbox was opened and the newspaper inside was
taken out.
The person who retrieved the newspapers walked up to the third story,
opened a room, and sat in a simple reclining chair, rocking in it as he read
through it.
By the side of the reclining chair, there was a black wooden table with a
stack of papers placed on it.
Some of them were stacked neatly with their front page facing up. Some
were bent asymmetrically, revealing the articles. On them were the
corresponding reports:
“Shocking! Crazy Adventurer Made Fugitive”
“Crazy Adventurer Appears Again; An Incredible Hunt”
“The Man Closest to The Kings At Sea, Adventurer Worth 90,000 Pounds”
“Story of Gehrman Sparrow And Three Female Pirate Admirals”
“Shooting To Fame In One Battle, Gehrman Sparrow Attempts
Assassination Attempt on Vice Admiral Ailment At Night”
Shortly after Fors finished her purchases and returned to her rental
apartment, Xio had finished her trip and returned.
The reason for their timely return was because it was Monday and it was
almost three in the afternoon.
Gong! Gong! Gong!
The nearby cathedral’s bells resonated as a crimson red beam of light
surged at Fors and Xio at the same moment.
Inside the majestic palace, by the sides of the ancient mottled table, figures
appeared simultaneously, taking corporeal form.
Like always, Justice Audrey stood up first, faced the seat of honor of the
long bronze table, curtsied, and said, “Good afternoon, Mr. Fool.”
Miss Justice seems rather down… From the looks of it, the news last night
is still affecting her… The Fool Klein nodded indiscernibly and
acknowledged the Tarot Club members’ greetings.
At this moment, Audrey, who wasn’t in a good mood, noticed with her
sharp observational skills that there was a bronze cross beside Mr. Fool’s
right hand.
Where did this cross come from? To be placed on the table by Mr. Fool, it’s
an item that’s at least the level of a Card of Blasphemy… Who does it
originate from? What use does it have? Questions flew through Audrey’s
mind, making her feel an irresistible sense of curiosity.
This was the first time Mr. Fool was placing something in front of him that
wasn’t a Card of Blasphemy!
Immediately following that, Alger, Cattleya, and the other Tarot Club
members also noticed the bronze cross that was more eye-catching than a
card. Like Miss Justice, they couldn’t help but guess at the item’s origins,
level, and use.
Amongst them, Derrick felt a subtle calling from it. He felt that the bronze
cross was drawing him in.
He then recalled a basic rule taught in lessons at the City of Silver:
Law of Beyonder characteristics convergence!
This is a high-level Sealed Artifact of the Sun pathway? Derrick suddenly
came to a realization.
Fors and Xio recognized the bronze cross to be the Sealed Artifacts that
they had sacrificed. Their pupils dilated as though they were trying to take a
better look.
Mr. Fool places so much importance on this item? I-it’s more important
than what Xio and I imagined? Fors was stunned and couldn’t hide her
curiosity.
When it came to matters involving gods, her thoughts would never develop
towards romance
Xio shared similar thoughts with Fors, but she didn’t say a word. She
believed that Miss Justice would definitely take the initiative to ask.
Just as Audrey was deliberating about raising her hand, Cattleya closed her
eyes, turned her body, and faced the seat of honor.
Before she bowed and spoke, The Fool Klein suddenly chuckled, “Don’t
worry. The glasses you conjure can seal your Eye of Mystery Prying.”
He knew very well that Ma’am Hermit had already become a demigod by
obtaining godhood, turning into a Mysticologist.
This was partly because Cattleya had prayed to The Fool before she held
the ritual and consumed the potion, hoping to advance under “His” watch.
This way, even if she ultimately failed, she could be blessed and not lose
control or go mad. She could always think of expelling the excessive
characteristic and redo the attempt.
Towards this matter, Klein wasn’t too confident about it, because he had
never attempted it before. Divination also didn’t give any answers, but since
he had agreed, he believed that if she failed and didn’t die, it was definitely
all thanks to Mr. Fool. If she were to lose control or go mad, she wouldn’t
care if Mr. Fool was really a cheat. In short, Klein’s main purpose was to
give her confidence so that she was in the best conditions for an
advancement attempt. After all, Admiral of Stars wasn’t able to find other
existences to give similar blessings.
After witnessing Ma’am Hermit’s advancement to a demigod, Klein heaved
a sigh of relief while lampooning inwardly.
At times, acting as a god is harder than acting like a human. When believers
encounter trouble, there are usually two outcomes—life or death. Their
survival is naturally due to the blessings of deities, and no one would care if
death occurs…
On the other hand, after becoming a demigod and being able to use more of
the powers of the mysterious space above the gray fog, The Fool Klein
could easily see the Astral Projections of the Tarot Club members; thus,
reading their current Beyonder pathway and Sequence.
After sealing her Eye of Mystery Prying, Cattleya heaved a sigh of relief
and reverently said, “Mr. Fool, there is one page of Emperor Roselle’s diary
this time.”
Emperor Roselle’s diary? Queen Mystic is done with her matters? But
nothing abnormal happened in Backlund… Yes, no one noticed the
infiltration of Amon in Böklund Street or the demigod battle in Maygur
Manor… The Fool Klein nodded in an unperturbed manner and said,
“Good. You can think of a question or request.”
As he spoke, Audrey, Alger, and company sharply learned something from
this conversation.
Ma’am Hermit was worried that the glasses she conjured was unable to seal
her Eye of Mystery Prying, and this wasn’t a worry she had in the previous
gatherings.
This means that Ma’am Hermit’s Eye of Mystery Prying has been
significantly boosted… Hmm, why would there be a sudden boost? S-she
advanced to become a demigod? She’s our Tarot Club’s second demigod?
Audrey connected this matter to Cattleya’s purchase of the Mythical
Creature’s blood and immediately had a guess.
She then swept her gaze at the male members opposite her and realized that
Mr. Hanged Man’s seating posture had unknowingly changed. He had
apparently figured that Ma’am Hermit had become a demigod. Little Sun’s
gaze was still staring at the bronze cross without any reaction. The Moon
Mr. Emlyn hesitated for a few seconds before looking up at Ma’am Hermit.
Mr. Star was like Little Sun, his eyes somewhat vacant as though he was
waiting for the diary part to pass.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, can this question be accumulated with the next one?”
Cattleya asked.
Accumulated with the next one… Queen Mystic still doesn’t want to have
her mood affected? Then why would she suddenly provide a diary page?
Has she foreseen something? To maintain his image as The Fool, he didn’t
ask why and nodded gently.
“Sure.”
Cattleya didn’t speak further as she conjured that diary page, only to see it
flash into Mr. Fool’s hands.
Klein scanned it seemingly casually, taking in most of the information.
“19th July. Night of the Blood Moon.
“Mr. Door’s answer allowed me to confirm one thing. In that ancient secret
organization, the second Blasphemy Slate I saw wasn’t complete!”