Chapter 606

: Intimidation
Above the gray fog, inside the palace that looked like a giant’s residence.
Klein tapped the edge of the mottled table as his thoughts revolved around
the strange die.
It can influence me without me realizing it… This is already somewhat
similar to 0-08 from back then. It’s just that one is right in front of me, while
the other is hidden… It’s definitely a Sealed Artifact, and it’s the kind that
exists at the very pinnacle. Even if it’s not a Grade 0, it has to be a very
special existence among Grade 1s…
I’m temporarily unable to interfere with matters regarding fate, but I can’t
just passively face it. With the passage of time, objects at the level of Sealed
Artifacts will often cause more severe damage. It might begin to affect
people around the chubby Apothecary, such as me or all the passengers on
the ship… Klein thought over the matter seriously without any solutions in
mind. He decided to immediately return to the real world.
He didn’t know how to seal the die or how to reduce its influence, but he
knew someone had a clue.
It was the Snake of Mercury, Will Auceptin, who was still inside his
mother’s womb as a fetus!
Entering the master bedroom, he took out the paper crane in his wallet and
placed it on the table. Klein took a look at the surface which still had signs
of being erased. He picked up a pencil and wrote a simple question: “How
do I deal with that die?”
He folded the paper crane back to its original form, stuffed it in his wallet,
and went to the door of the servant’s room before knocking on it twice.
This wasn’t in violation of Gehrman Sparrow’s persona, because he was a
gentlemanly madman. Of course, Klein was mainly afraid of bashing
Darkwill to death by rashly opening the door. This was something that he
had learned from the movie franchise, “Final Destination.”
In addition, Klein was also worried about witnessing something disgusting
or unpleasant.
With the preferences Darkwill has exhibited, when he realizes that he’s in
extreme danger and unable to extricate himself from it, with waiting for
death being the only option available to him, there’s a nonzero chance of
him pleasuring himself to climax one last time… Klein lampooned as he
heard the chubby Apothecary’s weak reply, “What’s the matter?”
It’s good that you aren’t dead yet… Klein carefully opened the door and
leaned his body a little forward, looking at Darkwill and the opened ring
box which was sitting in front of him. He calmly asked, “What’s the score?”
“Can’t you check it from the papers yourself… Sports section…” Darkwill
remained listless.
“I’m asking about the die,” Klein simply added.
“It’s still at 3 points…” Darkwill first answered instinctively before turning
his head and jumping up. “You believe me?”
Klein didn’t reply so as to prevent him from recalling how Gehrman
Sparrow had been fooled by the die.
He turned around and said in an unperturbed tone, “Bring the die outside.”
“Alright!”
“Alright!”
Darkwill and Harry cried out in joy almost at the same time.
They either raised their arms or wings!
After the chubby Apothecary carefully carried the ring box out, Klein
pointed at the coffee table and said, “Put it on there.”
As he said, he sat on the sofa beside it. He placed his arms on his thigh and
leaned forward to observe the strange die.
On the surface, the die didn’t seem strange in any way when it came to
mysticism. The only difference from an ordinary die was that it was dyed in
red, even for three points.
Klein didn’t touch it out of caution. He slightly straightened his body and
looked at Darkwill, who was seated across him on a chair, as well as the fat
owl, Harry, who was perched on the chair’s back.
“Describe the exact situation.”
Darkwill didn’t hide the matter any further as he said with a smile which
looked worse than crying, “This is an important Sealed Artifact in our
organization. My mission is to send it to a particular person in Oravi Island.
“But, as you can see. It’s extremely dangerous. It will roll itself even when
there’s no space for it to do so!
“When it rolls a six, the wielder will be sufficiently lucky. Everything can
be done with relatively easy success, just like how my clumsy lie was able
to fool you.”
Don’t mention this matter… You will one day be taught a serious lesson
because of that mouth of yours… Klein listened with a stoic expression.
Darkwill continued, “1 point means that the wielder will be extremely
unlucky. Nothing will succeed; you wouldn’t believe me even if I were to
tell you the whole truth…
“2 points should be bad luck of a lesser degree, but as for why it would
cause me to be struck by lightning… It’s inexplicable!
“3 points and 4 points are normal levels of bad luck and good luck. This can
be confirmed. 5 points is the opposite of 2 points.”
You aren’t considered unlucky enough; otherwise, I would’ve already
beaten you up… Klein thought and calmly instructed, “From this moment
forth, both of you will take turns to monitor this die. Once it drops below 3
points, you are to inform me immediately.”
“Both of us?” Darkwill wore a blank look for a moment.
“Including me?” The owl perched on the edge of the chair’s back raised its
right wing.
Klein leaned back into the sofa and crossed his right leg as he said calmly,
“This will help in maintaining focus and energy.”
With that said, he gestured at the owl with his chin.
“You’re up first.”
“My name is Harry,” the owl grumbled.
Harry… Klein resisted the urge to laugh as he said to Darkwill, “Pull the
bell and get an attendant here. From this moment forth, we will choose to
have room service for our meals.
“Before reaching Oravi Island, you have to be in the living room at all
times. You are not to go anywhere.
“Even if you wish to use the washroom, it will be when it’s at 3 or 4.
“If you really can’t hold it in, I’ll give you a bucket.”
Upon hearing Gehrman Sparrow give instructions with regularity and
thoroughness, Darkwill calmed down a little at a time. He was no longer as
horrified as before.
The matter he was most worried about prior to this was that firstly,
Gehrman Sparrow would be enticed by greed and choose to kill him for the
die. Secondly, this somewhat crazy and cold adventurer might be frightened
by the die, and that he would choose to terminate the mission and stop
providing protection.
And now, Gehrman Sparrow didn’t show any fear, and he even seemed very
confident!
Darkwill secretly sighed in relief and thought, His performance was really
professional…
He isn’t afraid at all!
He can even escape the influence of the die and accept my explanation. He
lives up to his name of being the powerful adventurer who easily hunted
Wormtongue! He’s definitely a powerhouse at the pirate admiral level!
Darkwill stood up and walked to the door to pull the service bell.
Just as he returned to the sofa, he heard Harry’s sharp screech.
“It has changed! It has changed!
“2 points!”
Suddenly, Klein exerted strength in his legs as he rose up from the sofa
without warning and rushed to Darkwill’s side.
Bang!
As a gunshot rang from outside, Klein pulled Darkwill’s arm, swung his
arm backward, and shook his wrist, throwing the chubby Apothecary to the
side.
At this point, in the wall opposite to where Darkwill was standing, there
was a bullet hole.
Did a sailor’s gun misfire? Or did the bullet ricochet when aiming at some
seabird or something? Regardless of the situation, the chances of that
happening are very low; yet… Klein turned his head to the chubby
Apothecary.
“Are you injured?”
Darkwill shook his head with a lingering sense of fear.
“I’m fine.”
In the time that followed, Klein resolved more than ten accidents, one after
another. It included the sudden collapse of the chandelier in the room, a
hammer dropped by a slipping maintenance worker headed straight for
Darkwill’s head, as well as Darkwill nearly dying from choking on a
fishbone.
These didn’t seem like anything serious, but for Klein to remain highly
focused, it was inevitable for him to be exhausted.
Thankfully, the die automatically rolled to 4 points later, finally ending the
hour which was fraught with disasters.
No, I can’t continue like this. Who knows if something will happen to me
when I’m rescuing him… Klein sent away the captain who came to
apologize and said to Darkwill, “I’ll sleep for half an hour.
“Both of you are to watch the die. Immediately wake me up when there’s a
problem.”
The chubby Apothecary and the owl nodded like a hungry woodpecker.
Leaning back into the sofa, Klein used Cogitation to quickly fall asleep,
hoping to receive a reply from Will Auceptin.
When he woke up in his dream, he heaved a sigh of relief when he saw the
pitch-black desolate plains. He followed the same-old path and reached the
depths of the black steeple.
In the protruded ground surrounded by tarot cards, there were many new
silvery lines that were densely written.
Klein stopped walking and quickly read it.
“It’s called the Die of Probability.
“It’s a Sealed Artifact of the highest level in our School of Thought. I
believe it can reach the standard of a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.
“It controls the probability of everything. 1 point will maximize the
probability of unfavorable matters occurring to the target. 2 points will raise
the probability of unfavorable matters greatly. This doesn’t mean that 2
points is safer than 1 point. This is because once the probability is high
enough, any accident can happen. 3 points is to increase the probability of
unfavorable matters. It’s the opposite for 4 to 6 points.
“Even for me, a being who can reset it to a certain extent, it’s a rather
dangerous Sealed Artifact. A demigod can be killed using it, but of course,
it can also kill yourself.”
I know, your contest with the Die of Probability is likely the equivalent to
the battle between the God 1 of Save and Load and the RNG 2 gods… Klein
lampooned inwardly as he continued reading.
“The Die of Probability has living characteristics. It always makes the
wielder swing back and forth between having good and bad luck. If one
isn’t careful, it’s possible to die from an accident. When it awakens to a
certain degree, it will control the people and objects around the wielder,
controlling the probability of their actions.
“Although it hasn’t been confirmed, I suspect that given enough time, it will
be able to influence the entire world, making every action of all life be
determined by its score. Of course, this is excluding deities.”
To put it simply, it’s digitizing the entire world… Th-this is definitely at the
level of a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact. It’s extremely dangerous! How
terrifying… Klein couldn’t help but frown as he eagerly continued reading.
“To truly seal the Die of Probability is rather complicated. To put it simply,
it’s to use specific Sealed Artifacts to isolate it from the spirit world, astral
world, and the real world. You can give it a try.
“Haha, I’ll reveal my cards. I have long discovered that you can resist my
prophetic senses. Perhaps you can use it to seal it.
“There’s another way, but it can only briefly reduce its influence. However,
this should be enough to send the Die of Probability to the hands of
someone who can seal it.
“That method is to use the fact that it has living characteristics. Use an
effective method to intimidate it. That way, it will behave, no—calm down
for a period of time. It will last about 12 hours before continuing.
“After repeated acts of intimidation, the influence it receives will decrease.
After a week, it will mark you and madly control your probabilities.
“Finally, thank you for your help.
Sincerely yours,
Will Auceptin”
As expected of a Snake of Fate. He has indeed discovered my uniqueness…
Throwing the Die of Probability above the gray fog should be able to seal
it. But the problem is that a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact with living
characteristics might influence the space above the gray fog and chase me
away, making itself the owner… Such matters cannot be answered with
divination. It will definitely be able to resist, just like 0-08… Klein rejected
the idea of using the gray fog.
As the thoughts whirled in his mind, he suddenly had an idea.
Klein quickly left his dream and woke up. He said to Darkwill, “I have a
method of suppressing its influence.”
“What is it?” Darkwill asked in pleasant surprise.
Klein didn’t answer and picked up the Die of Probability, which had 4
points facing up, before entering the washroom.
What does he want to do? I remember that in some folklore, the way they
treat evil objects is to throw sh*t… Ugh… Darkwill didn’t wish to think
further.
After entering the washroom and locking the door, Klein immediately set
up a ritual to summon himself. Following that, he went above the gray fog
and brought out the iron cigar case.
Then, he picked up the Die of Probability and opened the cigar case. Inside
the cigar case was the All-Black Eye which came from the Nimblewright
Master.
Under the darkness, Klein’s face was cloaked in the shadows and he
watched with a deep and gloomy gaze as he brought the Die of Probability
close to the strange eye. It was a Beyonder characteristic which contained
the True Creator’s mental corruption.
The corners of his mouth cracked open as he revealed a genial smile and
whispered to the die in his hand, “Here, let me treat you to a concert.”