Chapter 789

: Each Person’s Monday
9:30 a.m., Backlund Bridge area, Iron Gate Street, Bravehearts Bar.
Emlyn White stood rooted to his spot after he got down from the carriage.
He stared ahead in a daze, nearly forgetting to avoid the sunlight.
At that moment, the bar’s main door was shut with no signs of it opening.
As a Sanguine who seldom left his home and only went to places like bars
at night, Emlyn never expected the bar to be closed in the morning. He had
left the Harvest Church in a rush via the transportation system after seeing
the paper slip, hoping to obtain any first-hand intelligence.
To save time, he even tolerated the cramped environment and stench of the
metro.
At that moment, Emlyn was somewhat peeved, but he knew that he had
made the mistake. All he could do was pull a face and circle around Iron
Gate Street to not waste his trip.
Just as he was about to approach a rental carriage that stood along the street,
he caught sight of a familiar figure from the corner of his eye.
The person was wearing a brown rounded top hat and an old coat while
carrying a ragged haversack. He was none other than Ian, the underground
arms dealer and intelligence merchant.
Hehe, I have quite good intuition. I knew he would appear early! Emlyn
was delighted as he stuffed his hands into his pockets and leisurely walked
over, blocking Ian’s way as he chuckled.
“Good morning.”
Ian looked up and glanced at the handsome man before him, replying in
puzzlement, “Good morning, Mr. White. You should’ve come in the
evening.”
“It seems to be a suitable time now,” Emlyn said with a smile, clearly in a
good mood. “Ian, why do you always wear the same clothes and outfit
every time I see you?”
Ian answered without minding the question, “This can make me appear
more mature while allowing me to keep a low profile.
“Of course, the main reason is that I lack money.”
The final sentence was added with a joking tone.
“I look forward to your attire in summer,” Emlyn said with a scoff.
“I’ll take off my coat,” As Ian spoke, he took out two pieces of paper from
his ragged haversack. They were the bounty notices that Emlyn had
previously given him. “Someone in East Borough saw this person.”
He handed over one of the papers to Emlyn, and on it was the name, Argos.
Realizing that there really were clues to the Primordial Moon believers,
Emlyn asked in delight, “Where is he?”
Ian didn’t reply as he looked at him with a silent smile.
Experienced, Emlyn immediately took out his wallet and gave 150 pounds
to Ian.
“That’s your reward.”
Ian smiled and said, “There’s still another half to go.”
Another half? Emlyn nearly wanted to let this merchant in front of him
know the prowess of a Sanguine. This was because an effective clue cost 20
pounds, while an exact location cost 150 pounds.
However, he quickly read between the lines as he asked in pleasant surprise,
“Another one was found?”
“Yes.” Ian handed him the remaining piece of paper in his hand. “While my
friend observed Argos and confirmed his residence, it was discovered that
he had met with this person named Galis Kevin. Therefore, I’ve obtained
the residence of the two targets at the same time.”
“…Very good.” Emlyn emptied his wallet and gave another 150 pounds to
Ian.
He was abnormally delighted; he felt that the Ancestor and Mr. Fool were
blessing him. This was because there were only five targets, and he had
successfully hunted one. Now, with two additional clues, all he needed to
do was succeed in order to declare himself victor regardless of what the
other Sanguine did.
Ian seriously counted and checked the notes before saying with a
suppressed voice, “Argos is on the third story of the apartment block at East
Borough’s 6 Limestone Street, opposite the public washroom.
“Galis Kevin is similarly in East Borough. He stays in the room beside the
staircase on the first floor at 19 Beluga Whale Street.”
“I will confirm your intelligence. I believe you wouldn’t wish to abandon
your business for a mere 300 pounds.” Emlyn nodded gently as he gave a
warning. Following that, he chuckled and said, “They were found so
easily?”
Ian’s red eyes darted around slightly as he said, “First, many bounty hunters
are my friends. They have many informants in East Borough.
“Second, those two gentlemen didn’t have great disguises. Despite being in
East Borough, they wore very different attire from the people around them.
If they were willing to wear more ragged clothes and did more than twelve
hours of labor work, I believe they would be hard to find in the messy East
Borough.”
Is that so… One needs to take note of the difference in environment when
hiding oneself… Emlyn muttered silently to himself, feeling as though he
had learned a new trick.
He didn’t plan on heading to East Borough immediately. This was because
even if he took action in the day, it would be very difficult to escape without
causing a commotion. It was a rather dangerous act in Backlund, as it meant
that the Mandated Punishers or Nighthawks might come knocking at the
door just after he sneaked back home.
Emlyn planned on verifying the situation and taking action between eight to
nine in the evening after the Tarot Gathering.
The Primordial Moon believer from before was quite strong. These two
likely aren’t weaker. Although I have confidence, it feels unsafe only relying
on myself… As Emlyn considered the problem, he waved his hand and bade
Ian farewell. He rode on a rental carriage, heading back for the south side of
the Bridge.
…
East Chester County, Stoen City.
Audrey stood behind a railing, watching the servants placing the items that
had been brought from the family castle in suitable spots. The scene was
bustling but orderly.
I’ll send someone to Associate Professor Michele later and tell him that I’ll
be paying a visit to the Relic Search and Preservation Foundation… I hope
that they’ve obtained some items that have been tainted with Beyonder
effects… As Audrey’s mind wandered, she couldn’t help but smile. She was
proud of her decision of donating the funds to establish the foundation.
When her eyes that were as beautiful as emeralds saw the time on the wall
clock, she hurriedly reined in her thoughts and turned to return to her
bedroom.
Susie was slumped in a corner of the bedroom. Its front paws were crossed,
giving it a sense of elegance.
In front of it was an opened book. There were dense lines of text written on
it.
Susie would raise one of her front paws from time to time to flip the page as
she read with great seriousness.
Every time I see Susie like that, I feel a little ashamed… Audrey, you mustn’t
slack off on your education! Audrey encouraged herself in silence as she
approached, planning to get Susie to head outside to guard the door.
Susie looked up and glanced at Audrey before standing straight up, saying,
“I got it!”
After saying that, it briskly ran out the bedroom without closing the door.
“…I haven’t said anything.” Audrey blinked as she softly muttered to
herself.
She had given such instructions many times. To prevent Susie from
detecting that she wanted to be alone in the room from 3 to 3:30 p.m. on
Mondays, forbidding humans and dogs from coming close, she had also
done similar matters at other times, pretending that there was a gathering,
wanting alone time while maintaining an irregular pattern.
I have to say that Susie’s existence has effectively raised my motivation to
learn, as well as how strictly I handle matters… I can’t be inferior to a dog!
But, being better than this dog doesn’t seem to be something worthy of
praise… Audrey puffed her cheeks with a self-deprecating comment as she
sat by her bed, awaiting the beginning of the Tarot Gathering.
…
3 p.m. above the gray fog.
Dark red figures shot up along the two sides of the long bronze table,
materializing into different blurry figures.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~” Audrey’s greeted with a cheery voice as she
bowed.
The other members greeted one after another until the existence at the seat
of honor nodded in response.
While sitting down, Fors couldn’t help but look at Mr. World, wondering
what she should use as an opening.
Apart from passing on her teacher’s reply to Ma’am Hermit, she planned on
doing a few matters. One, she wanted to tell Mr. World that due to the
difficulty of the mission, she would pay him more, but it required him to
wait. This was because the sale of the houses took time. Second, after
brainstorming, she thought of a good way that could earn money and raise
her strength. She had gained inspiration from The World’s actions: Rent out
Leymano’s Travels!
When a member needed an item to temporarily raise their combat strength
to deal with certain situations, they could rent Leymano’s Travels from her.
The rent could be paid in two forms—cash which wasn’t too expensive or
to record Beyonder powers instead. This also meant that the renter had to
guarantee that the spellbook was returned with more filled pages.
Of course, as the provider, Fors would record useful Apprentice powers like
Door Opening, providing the renter with relevant help.
A problem that could easily happen in this transaction was that the renter
might not return it, but with Mr. Fool witnessing these exchanges in the
Tarot Club, Fors believed that no one would be blinded by greed.
And the death of the renter was a low probability event for losing
Leymano’s Travels. But with everyone knowing that they could pray to Mr.
Fool in times of danger, death was an even smaller probability!
How can there not be any risks when doing business… I will talk to Mr.
World about when he will use it so that there won’t be any conflicts… Fors
retracted her gaze and heard Ma’am Hermit speak.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, I have two pages of Roselle’s diary this time.”
Ever since contact was made with Queen Mystic, the receiving of diary
pages has stabilized in a rather terrifying manner… Klein nodded slightly
and chuckled.
“Very good.”
After a brief silence, Cattleya conjured two yellowish-brown pieces of
paper. They leaped into Mr. Fool’s palms as if they had tunneled through
the spirit world.
Klein slowly lowered his gaze at the diary in his hands.
“29th December. It’s almost a new year again.
“All the mausoleums have been built. What’s done cannot be undone.”