Chapter 1021

: Cross
Xio hesitated when she heard Fors’s question.
“We were discovered…”
They had said something similar before, but they were repeating it again
now. However, it didn’t have the same meaning. Previously, it was referring
to being discovered by the guardian or monitor when she recognized
Sherman. Now, the crux of the matter was that their choice and
corresponding actions were expected and arranged by the person behind the
scenes. They had no secrets to speak of.
This meant that the chance that Xio had been longing for might’ve really
appeared, but what lay behind this matter was inconceivable.
“If we follow the intention behind this ‘message.’ The final outcome will
depend on whether she has good intentions, but that’s not something under
our control,” Xio added from a rational angle.
The reason why she had used “she” to represent the person behind the
scenes was because she had recalled the fragrance she smelled when she
lost Sherman the other time.
Fors listened quietly and nodded in agreement.
Yes, we’re too passive in this matter. The best option is to leave this
place…”
As soon as she finished speaking, she looked at the warehouse. She opened
her mouth but didn’t say anything further.
She was reminded of the possible situation Sherman was in, and she
suspected that “he” was in grave danger. However, she deliberately ignored
it in the end and didn’t mention it.
To her, Sherman was a person who existed in Xio’s descriptions. He was no
different from a character in a novel. If she had the strength and opportunity
to save him in passing, she was willing to do so, but to bear the risk because
of that and allow her friend to be rash, putting her life in danger was
definitely not something within her considerations.
Xio nodded and said, “Alright, we’ll leave now.
“However, the person who left that ‘comment’ definitely wouldn’t be happy
to see us do so. She will definitely hinder us.
“Uh, let’s do it this way. We’ll escape in different directions and make that
person choose one person. Whoever successfully leaves this area will
immediately cause a commotion and attract the official Beyonders.”
“Why don’t we directly cause a commotion here?” Fors subconsciously
raised a question.
“It will definitely be stopped or foiled!” Xio gave her excuse.
Fors nodded thoughtfully.
“Makes sense.
“Alright, let’s not delay it any further. Let’s begin.”
Xio didn’t say another word as she took out her transparent, nearly invisible
triangular blade. With her back bent, she leaped out of her hiding spot and
ran out of the harbor amidst the shadows.
The triangular blade was a mystical item she had spent 500 pounds through
Ma’am Hermit to get the Artisan to forge with the ancient wraith’s powder
and remnant spirituality. It was called Wintry Blade.
Anyone hit by this weapon—even if it were a gentle touch—would be
frozen stiff. They would even lose control of their thoughts as though they
were possessed by a wraith. At the same time, once the battle continued,
Wintry Blade’s enemies would gradually have their thoughts turn sluggish
and their actions become rigid and dull, even if they didn’t touch the
triangular blade.
And Wintry Blade’s negative effects wasn’t that terrifying. Furthermore,
there was only one—the wielder would slowly lose their body temperature
and transform into an undead. Once a certain time limit was exceeded, this
process would become irreversible.
Therefore, Xio had recently enjoyed jogging more or riding a bicycle at
lightning speeds to generate heat to resist the loss of temperature.
But even so, she had only managed to extend the time it took before she
kept Wintry Blade away from her body from three hours to four hours.
After running a certain distance, Xio turned back and realized that Fors had
already passed through a wall and departed. She had vanished from where
they were hiding.
After staring for two seconds, Xio bit her lip and suddenly turned around
and changed direction.
She headed straight for the warehouse!
Soon, she arrived beside her destination, but she wasn’t in a rush to enter.
She looked up and observed the area above her, seemingly trying to find
another passageway, one that was less noticeable to the people inside.
At that moment, her keen senses made her turn her head and see a figure
appear around the corner of the wall.
The figure wore a black dress with a head of brown, curly hair. She had a
pair of light blue eyes. It was none other than Fors Wall.
Didn’t you leave?” Despite being surprised, Xio didn’t forget to lower her
voice.
Fors curled her lips and said, “Weren’t you fleeing too?”
Xio was momentarily at a loss for words. After a few seconds, she asked,
“How did you notice it?”
You didn’t even mention Sherman. That’s completely unlike you! I’ve
already prepared a reason to persuade you!” Fors quickly replied.
Xio was taken aback as she said with a complicated expression, “You didn’t
have to come back.”
Fors ignored her and pressed on the wall of the warehouse and said, “If we
keep talking, perhaps we will no longer need to be stumped because it
would already be over.
“Man, I actually didn’t think of such a good idea just now. I should’ve
immediately insisted on going with you to save her. You definitely
would’ve persuaded me otherwise and would think of doing it yourself. If
we repeated the conversation a few times, everything would’ve ended on its
own.”
Xio gave her friend a look and, without any hesitation, stood by her side
with Wintry Blade in hand.
Fors immediately flipped Leymano’s Travels and augmented her friend with
Beyonder powers. Then, she put away the spellbook and grabbed Xio’s
shoulder with one hand, pressing the other on the wall again.
While Xio was waiting for Door Opening, she realized that Fors hadn’t
immediately used her powers.
This best-selling author took a deep breath and quickly said, “After
entering, we’ll hide and observe. After confirming that there’s a chance to
do something, we’ll take action.
“If there’s really no chance, or if we can’t seize an opportunity for sure,
we’ll leave as soon as possible. That way, we can at least avenge Sherman
and not be buried alive with him!
“Only by being alive will all kinds of possibilities open up for us…”
Xio immediately nodded and replied in a stern manner, “Okay.”
Fors wanted to say a few more words, but considering how she had wasted
some time and couldn’t afford to waste any more time, she “opened” the
illusory door and passed through the wall with Xio, coming behind a row of
wooden crates.
With her no longer being a greenhorn in such operations, she instinctively
crouched down and pulled out Leymano’s Travels and flipped to a
particular page.
Xio similarly didn’t dash in. She bent down and moved her eyes to a gap
between the crates and observed the empty region.
The female-looking Sherman was sitting on a wooden crate without any
signs of anger. Her brown hair was gently fluttering in the wind.
And standing in front of her was Viscount Stratford. This captain of the
royal guards tightened his collar and was surveying the area, a mystery as to
what he was looking for.
“Unfortunately, you’re only a Demoness.”
“Don’t worry. I will let you die without any pain. You will be completely
purified.”
As he spoke, he took out an item from his inner pocket.
Xio used her enhanced vision from the Interrogator potion, and she clearly
identified the item.
It was a cross accessory covered in bronze. There were a few sharp, jagged
protrusions, looking as though it had once impaled someone.
Its style and characteristics were things that the various nations in the Fifth
Epoch’s Northern Continent didn’t possess. It exuded ancient vibes.
Very good. You know that resistance is futile,” Viscount Stratford said as he
pressed one of the fingers he used to hold the bronze cross onto the spike.
His bright red blood immediately flowed out and was absorbed by the
spike, seeping into the object.
The mottled bronze on the cross’s surface disintegrated, revealing a
corporeal form beneath that was a blob of light.
In just a second or two, the item Viscount Stratford held had turned into a
resplendent cross!
It emitted a pure and flawless glow, illuminating the surroundings in an
abnormally bright manner.
The wooden crate’s shadows quickly receded as the dark splotches on the
wall evaporated like water.
Beside Shermane, the countless spider webs that originally belonged to
Trissy floated up and struggled in the fire, melting in just mere seconds.
The light grew brighter, but they weren’t blinding. Black flames burst out of
Shermane’s body along with crystalline ice. They turned dim, transparent,
and eventually vanished under the illumination.
Within the range of the resplendent cross, there weren’t any traces of evil or
abnormalities present. Not one inch of darkness remained!
Seeing Sherman’s expression slowly distort, Xio couldn’t help but shoot
Fors a glance.
She could clearly sense the terror of the resplendent cross, and she was
beginning to waver about saving her.
Fors also noticed what was happening and pointed to Leymano’s Travels.
She raised her left index finger and whispered into Xio’s ear, “There’s only
one chance.
“I will work hard to create it for you. If it’s not successful, or if you can’t be
certain of it, we will give up.”
Xio didn’t hesitate as she nodded solemnly.
Fors immediately straightened her body and flipped Leymano’s Travels to
the charred-yellow page.
This page was filled with complicated, twisted, indescribable symbols and
labels. It gave one the feeling of a strong gust of wind.
Sailor pathway’s demigod power—Hurricane!
After observing her surroundings once again and confirming that there
weren’t any other enemies, Fors’s gaze penetrated through the gap in
between the wooden crates and locked onto Viscount Stratford. She then
slid her finger gently across the charred-yellow page.
With an exploding whoosh, a visible hurricane soared up beneath Viscount
Stratford’s feet and rushed upwards.
The captain of the royal guards wasn’t able to maintain his balance from
this sudden attack. He was lifted up by the hurricane and was slammed into
the warehouse’s ceiling.
Boom!
The warehouse’s ceiling was torn apart by the hurricane as portions of it
collapsed. Some of the fragments spun around amidst the wind as they flew
higher and higher.
Viscount Stratford nearly fainted from being slammed, and he failed to hold
onto the resplendent cross, allowing it to fly out of his palm.
When the spike with a sliver of his blood left his finger, the mottled bronze
covered the cross’s surface once more.
The flawless light vanished in turn.
Upon seeing this, Xio didn’t hesitate to rush out of her hiding spot. Her eyes
first reflected Viscount Stratford’s figure before two blinding bolts of
lightning lit up.
Psychic Piercing!