Chapter 900

: Self-Recommendation
The abnormality associated with the Berserk Sea is suspected to be a result
of the perishing of Death… Legend has it that this deity’s corpse and items
are hidden somewhere in these waters, awaiting someone with a special key
to open it… This copper whistle came from Mr. Azik, and Mr. Azik is
indeed a direct descendant of Death, as well as being from the first or
second generation… Therefore, this copper whistle had sensed something
or had been influenced? Thoughts flashed across Klein’s mind as they
coalesced today to form a theory.
He planned on finding an inn in Poto Harbor, head above the gray fog, and
use dream divination to attempt to obtain a revelation. Then, he would
consider the time and method for returning to Eskelson Harbor. It was to
prevent himself from encountering any avoidable accidents.
And before that, he needed to seek out food for Creeping Hunger.
After walking down the seaside cliff, Klein entered Poto Harbor.
The buildings here were pretty much built anywhere one desired. There was
almost zero planning, causing the roads to be very wide or narrow to the
point that it only allowed a single person passage. In certain areas, one
couldn’t see the sky when looking up, only to see a swath of clothes that
were hung up to dry.
Wearing a new face, Klein strolled through such an environment with many
pedestrians dressed in pirate’s attire. He then habitually headed for the bar
to seek out prey.
At this moment, he saw several people gathered at a noticeboard on a
square up ahead.
What’s happening? With his curiosity piqued, Klein approached the area.
Using his balance and agility as a Clown, he passed through the gaps of the
crowd before he barely arrived at a spot where he could see the noticeboard.
On the noticeboard, there was a piece of paper that was overbearing,
covering all the other pieces of paper. It was obvious at a glance.
Its title was: “The Black Emperor’s Crew Recruitment.”
The Black Emperor? Isn’t that the ship of King of the Five Seas, Nast? The
one that can traverse the spirit world? Considering how he can be
considered the King of Pirates, he’s actually openly recruiting crew
members? Klein was rather surprised as he deliberately spoke out with a
suppressed voice:
“How is that possible?”
“Why not?” A stout man beside him with his arm exposed from his rolled-
up sleeves laughed out loud. “It might be impossible in the past, but it’s
possible now!”
“Why?” Klein was hoping that someone would respond. Immediately, he
turned his head and asked.
The stout man had tattoos all over his arms and cheeks, making him look
fierce. Upon hearing that, he pointed at the main sea route’s direction and
said, “A week ago, the Black Emperor and Loen’s highly promoted steam
ironclad warship, the Pritz, met and clashed in a sea battle. The Black
Emperor had many casualties and are in dire need of more manpower!
Ah? Klein’s first reaction was that it didn’t make mystical sense.
Based on the published content in the papers and the rumors he had heard
out at sea, he knew that the Pritz was a warship in the normal sense. It
lacked any Beyonder elements. Perhaps in terms of physical damage, it was
stronger than the Black Emperor, but the latter could use the spirit world to
“leap,” just like a large-sized version of a Traveler. There was no ordinary
armament that could damage it.
Furthermore, King of the Five Seas Nast was likely a Sequence 3 demigod
of the Black Emperor paths of the divine. He was the most infamous
powerhouse at sea. He could directly distort the trajectories of cannonballs,
making him nearly invincible when facing a fleet that wasn’t in any sense
mystical.
From Klein’s point of view, they were enemies at two completely different
levels. Yet, the final outcome was not something he could imagine.
He didn’t hide his astonishment as he blurted, “What about the Pritz?”
The fierce-looking man shook his head and replied, “I’m not too sure, but I
heard that it wasn’t damaged. Only two corvettes were sunk.”
This… Klein was first taken aback before he came to a slight understanding
of what happened.
He recalled the situation of him robbing the Tutanssess II mummy. The
military’s demigod had used the law that had the power of mysteriousness
weakened and the real strengthened. Once this came into effect, the Black
Emperor was just a sailboat that was a little special with some
extraordinariness. It definitely couldn’t beat an ironclad warship. Neither
could it flee.
This also meant that the Pritz had a demigod existence on the military’s
side, or else such a law wouldn’t have come into effect.
To be able to get the Black Emperor to flee under such a situation, King of
the Five Seas Nast must be very, very strong. Below angels, he’s definitely
one of the strongest… From the looks of it, due to the existence of the
Arbiter pathway, the trajectory of this world’s military development
remains close to that of Earth’s. It wouldn’t reach a point of not being able
to defeat a slightly higher level mysticism opponent… Klein nodded in
enlightenment as he didn’t inquire further.
As for Beyonders below Sequence 4, in a large-scale battle, apart from the
few jobs that could take on the role of outputting offensive firepower or
carry out effective defenses, the rest could only avoid a direct clash. They
would then be the “cleanup crew” or simply provide support. For example,
a Marionettist with all his marionettes feared no one in a Mid-Sequence
Beyonder battle if fighting one-on-one. But once he was on a battlefield
with shells hurtling everywhere and machine gunfire sweeping the area, the
problem of being physically weak became a problem. Even with Paper
Figurine Substitutes, one was unable to escape the range of gunfire; thus,
suffering a second round of damage. Under such situations, it might be too
late to use Paper Figurine Substitutes again.
In such intense battles, the most effective Mid-Sequence Beyonders are
Wraiths. They aren’t afraid of cannonballs or bullets, nor are they afraid of
being discovered by enemies. Furthermore, they have Shriek which can
affect a huge area… Klein allowed his thoughts to wander when the man
from before continued speaking, “You’re also thinking of joining the Black
Emperor?”
“…I’m still not sure,” Klein casually replied.
The stout man who was covered in tattoos said in excitement, “I have plans
on giving it a try anyway.
“There aren’t more than ten people here who are better at fighting than me
here. I have rich experience as a pirate. They’ll definitely pick me!
“However, I won’t stay on the Black Emperor for too long. There are too
many meaningless rules, such as not being able to plunder or kill
defenseless people. Or something as silly as not being able to drag a woman
you like unless it’s mutual. Did you hear that? Is that anything like a pirate?
Although the King of the Five Seas is one of the Four Kings and is publicly
acknowledged as the pirate king, those rules are j-just like dogsh*t!
“I’m already used to leading a real pirate’s life. I like it that way and will
not change! I’m only tempted to join because I heard that it’s possible for
the Black Emperor crew to obtain supernatural powers. When the time
comes, I’ll leave and form my own pirate crew…”
As this man spoke excessively, he suddenly realized the stranger’s
expression turn a little odd.
He hesitated for a moment and asked, “Why are you looking at me like
that?”
…
The silver-gray glistening sword slashed down suddenly, pinning down a
blank-faced figure to the ground.
The figure warped and squirmed and gradually dissipated into illusory
blobs of light amidst swirling silver light.
Colin Iliad retracted his sword and stood straight up. Observing his
surroundings, he saw that Waite and Lovia had separately finished their
corresponding targets. A region had been cleanly cleared out by the
riverside.
At this point, above the illusory, eerie-black river, a dark boat cruised over.
It silently docked by the bank.
Upon seeing this scene, Colin slowly exhaled as he muttered with a solemn
expression, “Ferryman…”
He had spent quite a long amount of time with the former Chief, and they
knew each other rather well. They both knew that the other was troubled by
the City of Silver’s absence of the Sequence 3 of the Giant pathway, Silver
Knight potion formula. This prevented people from advancing once they
reached the level of a demigod. They had thoughts of switching to a
neighboring Sequence, and this plan had seen the light of hope during a
particular expedition. This was because they found the Sequence 3 potion
formula of the Phoenix pathway: Ferryman!
From that moment forth, the former Chief began building the mausoleum
and eventually took up residence inside before sealing the entrance.
Observing silently with dark green symbols in his eyes, Colin Iliad said
heavily, “Let’s cross the river on the boat.”
Waite and Lovia didn’t express any objections, fully trusting the Chief’s
judgment. They followed closely behind him and boarded the dark and
strange boat.
During this process, the three didn’t show any hesitation or observe their
surroundings, nor did they pause. It was as though this wasn’t an
exploration but a visit with a destination in mind.
The boat slowly began moving across the ink-black water surface, leaving a
long trail in its wake.
The bloody arms and the slimy tentacles wildly reached upwards and
slammed into the boat, but they failed to leave any marks. They failed to
leave any influence.
In just over ten seconds, the three Elders of the six-member council arrived
on the other bank of the illusory river.
There was an altar there with a heavy, iron-black coffin placed on it.
Colin Iliad immediately jumped off the boat and reached out for his other
sword. Like before, he appeared cautious, not underestimating anything.
Following that, Waite held his iron-gray hammer and landed heavily on the
bank. He left the surrounding soil quaking in an obvious manner.
He looked at the monster skull that embraced the gigantic coffin, took two
steps, and placed the hammer in front of him. He then removed the Dragon
Slaying Bow behind him.
At this point, Waite suddenly felt the back of his palm itching. He
subconsciously looked down and saw that his hair follicles had fine white
hair stained with yellowish oil growing from within as they grew in size.
…
Poto Harbor. After Klein fed Creeping Hunger and found a rowdy inn, he
got a room that could barely be considered clean.
Then he took four steps counterclockwise and went above the gray fog.
Sitting in The Fool’s chair, Klein first picked up the projection of Azik’s
copper whistle and conjured a pen and paper before writing a corresponding
divination statement: “The reason for this copper whistle’s abnormality
today.”