Chapter 909

: Serving Good Luck
On the steep and long rocky staircase, the crimson moonlight illuminated its
midsection, leaving rather thick shadows along its sides.
Enzo was like a normal pedestrian at night, walking a little anxiously but
without showing any signs of being flustered. He had a deep faith in his
excellent good luck, being a winner in life, one that wouldn’t be caught by
the Nighthawks.
Seeing that he would be done after a few more flights of steps, Enzo, who
was once a Monster, suddenly sensed something as he turned his head to
look at the shadows in the lowest point of the staircase.
He then saw a figure sitting there in a daze. His looks and figure appeared
rather indistinct due to the lighting, and he was dressed in the standard
outfit of someone from East Balam.
The figure took out a box of matchsticks and struck a match to light up the
surroundings.
Enzo didn’t bother sizing up the person when he suddenly saw a scene
before his eyes.
The figure threw a matchstick over as though he was gifting him something.
And when the matchstick approached, it suddenly burst into a ridiculous
inferno as a man wearing a formal suit and top hat walked out!
Seeing scenes he shouldn’t see, and hearing sounds he shouldn’t hear, were
a daily occurrence for a Monster. Having become a Winner, Enzo was
already used to all of this. Without any thought, he fully believed in his
intuition and lunged forward, jumping off the staircase and making two
rolls onto the lower street.
At the same time, the brown-skinned marionette, Oaf, suddenly stood up.
After bending his back, he hurled the matchstick in his hand at the location
where Enzo was previously standing.
Before the matchstick hit the ground, scarlet flames extended out into
midair in a resplendent and brilliant manner.
Amidst the flames, Klein’s black-suited figure with a half top hat leaped
out. However, he had lost sight of his target.
Klein had discovered someone rapidly coming down the staircase about ten
seconds ago as though he was hiding from something. Suspecting that this
was his new marionette, he immediately did a dream divination and
obtained the revelation that the man was related to the Rose School of
Thought and wasn’t anyone good.
With such a result, Klein didn’t hesitate to take action. Unfortunately, due to
the lack of time, he didn’t have the time to use Paper Angel which had been
recorded in Creeping Hunger to interfere with the target’s spiritual intuition,
and as a result, it made his ambush fail.
At this moment, Oaf had already left the final flight of steps on the
staircase. He was running with large strides towards Enzo, who had just
stood up.
Enzo’s mind stirred. Without dodging, he nimbly turned his body to the
side, avoiding the ordinary attack.
Then, he drew his gun and quickly aimed. With a bang, he shot Oaf’s chest.
As blood gushed out, Oaf staggered for a moment before collapsing. His
breathing rapidly weakened.
Klein took this brief opportunity as his body vanished, phasing right in front
of the target to block his escape route.
Enzo seemed to have an inexplicable strange premonition. He immediately
tightly shut his eyes
He didn’t know why he did so, but as a Mid-Sequence Beyonder of the Fate
pathway, believing his intuition was an instinct!
Immediately after that, Enzo frantically switched directions. Attempting to
rely on his spiritual intuition, he rushed into another street, but at this
moment, the man in the suit who didn’t have any outstanding features
appeared in front of him again.
Klein’s figure kept disappearing and appearing in every direction, as though
he was running around Enzo at high speeds, often blocking his path but not
dealing any direct attacks. Whether he used Beyonder powers or not, it
made Enzo face a figure wearing a black suit and half top hat no matter
where he turned to.
For an instant, Enzo with his eyes clothes even imagined that he was facing
a group of enemies instead of one enemy.
A Traveler was often able to create the effect of being besieged!
In just ten seconds, Enzo, who had failed to find a path to escape, suddenly
jolted. His actions instantly slowed down as his mind and joints seemed to
be injected with glue.
Traveling works well with a Marionettist as well. While Klein was phasing
around, he kept maintaining a distance of ten meters from Enzo! He had
been secretly controlling his Spirit Body Threads all this time!
No good… He doesn’t attack… and is only blocking me… not because…
he is waiting… for the Nighthawks… but for… another reason… Enzo,
who still had his eyes shut, felt his heart tighten. Suddenly, he stepped onto
a rock, causing his body to lose balance. He slammed heavily to the ground,
causing his revolver to fly several meters away.
Plop!
The pain and shock had snapped Enzo out of his suppressed state. He found
his fluidity again.
Enzo was no stranger to such accidents. As a Winner, he often obtained an
advantage due to all kinds of low-probability events and thus clinch victory.
Without hesitation, he was just about to dash towards the end of the street to
his side and flip over the fence to jump into the sea, allowing what fate had
arranged for him to escape his predicament when another scene flashed in
his mind:
In it, he was breaking out into a coughing fit, to the point of not being able
to stand up or open up his stride!
Ailments! The enemy can infect me with ailments! He isn’t attacking me
and is simply blocking my escape route in order to keep me in this area;
thus, infecting me with ailments in an unnoticeable manner! Enzo’s heart
skipped a beat as he suddenly felt a strong sense of delight.
The Green Essence ring he wore came from a believer of the Primordial
Moon. Upon activation, it could easily treat any ailments or injuries that
weren’t too serious!
This is luck! Enzo pretended to not discover the infectious ailment in the
air. Exerting strength in his palms, he lunged forward and followed his
predetermined route towards the fence at the end of the street.
Moments after he took two steps, he suddenly coughed and involuntarily
slowed down.
His coughing didn’t quell like usual. Instead, it was worsening as though he
was about to cough out his lungs.
Klein’s figure flashed and appeared behind the target while he maintained
ten meters from him.
At this moment, Enzo spread his arms and allowed invisible waves to ripple
out of his body.
It was like a pure psyche storm that swept all Spirit Bodies in the vicinity,
bringing with it an intense sense of drowsiness and calamity.
Klein similarly had a premonition for danger. The moment Enzo spread his
arms, his body had already vanished from his spot and had appeared in the
midsection of the steep staircase.
Still having his eyes closed, Enzo realized that he didn’t receive his desired
effect. He immediately abandoned the idea of escaping after finishing his
target. He continued running towards the fence at the end of the street.
He had a hunch that if he stalled a little longer, a number of Nighthawks
would catch up to him, making the situation more chaotic.
And as a former Lucky One and a Winner, the more chaotic a situation, the
higher the chances of him escaping!
At this moment, as he had repeatedly changed directions while running
blindly, he once again passed by Oaf, who had been shot in the chest.
On Oaf’s left finger was a golden ring with an inlaid ruby.
A sanguine beam flashed from the beam as Oaf’s injuries began recovering.
He bounced up and widened his mouth, biting down on Enzo who was
running past.
His tongue seemed to lose substance as it transformed into a blob of flesh
and blood.
Flower of Blood!
Oaf wore the Flower of Blood ring which Klein had obtained from Mr. X. It
could randomly allow the wearer to abandon any rationality in order to
become a beast. On the other hand, it could allow the wearer to control their
body at a deeper level. As long as they didn’t suffer from instant death or
become completely purified, they could heal from any kind of injury!
At the same time, it also came with flesh and blood magic. It was a mystical
item that was very suited for marionettes!
Before Klein came out to seek a new marionette, he didn’t know which
pathway or Sequence his target would be. Therefore, to make well-rounded
preparations, he made Oaf wear the Flower of Blood ring. This way, he
could direct a play of him being the main assailant with the marionette as
the secondary assailant, but in fact, it was the exact opposite.
Just as Enzo ran past Oaf, he felt a stabbing pain in his knee as though his
previous fall had given him some light injuries.
The moment this thought flashed across his mind, he hurriedly crouched
down and felt a figure fly past his head. It missed!
Oaf’s sudden attack still failed to be effective against a Winner!
Enzo was just about to smile and run again when he suddenly had a
premonition. He subconsciously curled up and protected his vital spots.
At the same time, Oaf suddenly swelled up and silently exploded.
Flesh and blood formed a storm, sweeping through a rather large area in the
vicinity, hitting Enzo again and again.
One of the preparations Klein had done was to use a power of Creeping
Hunger after its mutation. He had planted a Flesh Bomb in his marionette’s
body!
WIth a clank, the golden ring with an inlaid ruby landed on the stone slabs
in the street. Klein’s figure flashed to Enzo’s side.
He raised his left palm and made his palm pitch-black. As though they were
formed of granules, he said a word filled with evil and corruption: “Slow!”
Thanks to his luck, Enzo had avoided most of the damage. His lightly
injured body suddenly turned still as his struggling actions slowed down.
His curled pose changed bit by bit.
Right on the heels of that, he opened his eyes due to the pain, and a figure
wearing a black suit and half top hat was reflected in his eyes.
“Ah!”
Enzo let out a tragic cry as he raised his hands to cover his eyes.
Streams of blood seeped out from the gaps in his fingers.
Monster? Looking at his writhing target, Klein pricked up his brows. He
continued controlling the Spirit Body Threads and quickly achieved initial
control.
This time, there weren’t any accidents that broke the subsequent procedure.
In a half-crazy state with scales growing from his body, Enzo was
powerless to resist. Klein rather smoothly deepened his control.
Time ticked by when Enzo suddenly stood up and converged the protruded
snake-like scales.
He pressed his hand to his chest and bowed at Klein. Then, he walked to the
side and bent down to pick up the golden ring with the inlaid ruby. Wearing
it on his left hand’s index finger, it matched the emerald ring on his other
hand.
Klein held back the urge of looking at himself with his new marionette. He
got Enzo to clear up the scene of the remnant flesh and any traces left
behind.
After doing all of this, he walked into the shadows with his marionette and
quickly vanished.