Chapter 1224

Guesses About the Apocalypse
Loen Kingdom, Backlund.
Fors, who was still sleeping soundly, suddenly woke up from her dream.
She subconsciously cast her gaze out the window.
She didn’t lack similar experiences. Before she became a member of the
Tarot Club, she often woke up in the middle of the night due to the curse of
the full moon. But today, she didn’t feel any familiar pain, but her heart
throbbed for some unknown reason.
As the curtain had blocked the window, Fors was unable to determine what
time it was from the weak light. She subconsciously got out of bed, walked
to the window, and drew the curtains.
The sunlight that penetrated the thin fog shone into the room, dispersing the
accumulated darkness. Fors stood by the window and looked up into the sky
with an obvious look of confusion.
The sun has already risen, and the crimson moon had long set. Why do I
still feel the sensation I have during the curse of the full moon?
Furthermore, there were still many days to the full moon!
…
The Intis Republic capital, Trier.
One by one, the astronomers, who had woken up early, as well as mysticism
enthusiasts, as well as the covert Beyonders, cast their gazes high into the
sky.
The layers of evening clouds disappeared, and the huge and bright moon
outshone the light of the stars.
The moon’s color was no longer the usual crimson color. It was white and
unusually bright.
All who saw it were stunned. This was a moon that they had never seen
before.
Be it the normal textbooks of human society or books related to mysticism,
none of them recorded similar phenomena!
Apart from the common new moon, full moon, and the occasional Blood
Moon, the moon had never experienced such changes. At least for the past
1300 years since the beginning of the Fifth Epoch, there had been
absolutely no such change!
At this moment, the onlookers realized that, other than the crimson and
blood-red states, the moon had another color.
…
The Forsaken Land of the Gods, the City of Silver.
As it was in the afternoon when the frequency of lightning was high,
Derrick and company noticed the abnormality in the sky.
They were used to the familiar lightning and darkness. In just a few
seconds, all of that completely disappeared without a trace. The blood-
colored circular glow that blotted out half the sky was so obvious. It’s
massive size illuminated everything to great visibility.
The people of the City of Silver who had relatively agile thoughts
immediately thought of the description and the corresponding picture of the
moon in the general knowledge book. They suddenly had a thought that
came to them:
“Could this be the moon?”
“The crimson moon?”
“We actually saw the crimson moon…”
Soon, the blood-red colors of the crimson moon in front of them drained
inch by inch, revealing its bright and clear body.
The City of Silver residents were increasingly at a loss, unsure of what had
happened.
Having heard Mr. Hanged Man, Miss Justice, and the other members of the
Tarot Club talk about the outside world, Derrick Berg was even more
shocked and surprised than them. This was because there was no such
natural phenomenon outside the Forsaken Land of the Gods.
A few seconds later, the moon disappeared and the darkness once again
engulfed everything. The frequent flashes of lightning became the main
source of light.
“What happened just now?”
“Did you see that red circle?”
“Moon! That’s the moon!”
“That’s the crimson moon!”
“Is this a sign that we are about to escape our current situation?”
“Our second exploration of the Giant King’s Court will go very smoothly
and we will open the door that leads to the outside world?”
Amidst the confusion, most of the residents of the City of Silver
subconsciously treated this phenomenon as a good thing, treating it as an
auspicious sign from mysticism. Only the Chief, Colin Iliad, and the Elders
of the six-member council like Lovia had serious looks on their faces as
they frowned.
…
Above the grayish-white fog, inside the ancient palace.
Having gained a general understanding of Amon’s scam, Klein instinctively
turned his attention back to the “secret” he had learned.
He previously had some guesses about the corresponding content, but when
it was truly revealed, he realized that it was even more terrifying and
exaggerated than he had imagined. It made him even more hopeless.
To be able to successfully attract the attention of the Cosmos, this means
that most of the secrets that Amon revealed are true…
There really is another level above Sequence 0. This should be the level
which the ancient sun god was at. However, “His” condition didn’t seem
too right. “He” ended up being stabbed in the back, perished, and divided
up.
…According to what Amon said, using the Creator to describe this level
isn’t accurate enough. “He” named it as “Above the Sequences”… There
are also existences who use the term “Transcending Sequences” to describe
that level, indicating that they have escaped the restrictions of the Beyonder
pathway?
…Deities refer to this level as “Great Old Ones,” “Outer Deities,”
“Cosmos”… From this, one can tell that there are two matters. One is the
vast universe outside this world. In the boundless cosmos, there are “Great
Old Ones” and “Outer Deities,” who are existences at the Creator’s level.
For example, the one who controls the moon…
… From the looks of it, the brown star and orange star were the original
planets. They have changed, making Emperor Roselle unable to recognize
them… This is because there are Great Old Ones or Outer Deities
entrenched in them, watching our world?
…The Box of the Great Old Ones mutated after being corrupted by the
cosmos…
…Yes, there are most likely more than one Great Old One or Outer Deity…
Why are “They” all surrounding this planet? What are “They” spying on?
…”They” didn’t directly invade because there’s a power that temporarily
keeps them out?
…Thanks to the seven deities?
…Connecting this to the prophecy of the apocalypse in 1368, the seven
deities might not be playing a crucial role in this. “They” have yet to
transcend the Sequences… When the true barrier disappears in 1368, the
Great Old Ones and the Outer Deities will no longer be obstructed. Then,
the apocalypse will descend upon us?
Upon thinking of this, the questions that he had accumulated in his mind
suddenly flashed through his mind.
Why did the Evernight Goddess take the risk of bringing about a battle of
gods to seize the Uniqueness of the Death pathway?
Why did the seven deities tacitly acquiesce to having a Black Emperor?
Why did Adam, Amon, and the other Kings of Angels, after being silent for
so many years, step out from behind the scenes in this era?
Why were the legacies of the ancient gods from the Second Epoch
appearing one after another?
Why was there only one transmigrator released from Sefirah Castle in the
first four epochs, but two in the Fifth Epoch, a period spanning slightly
more than a thousand years?
Phew, be “They” good or bad, everyone is working hard to improve
themselves to usher in the apocalypse… The Goddess, who is so good at
setting things into motion, chose such a risky method because “She” wanted
to transcend the Sequences and become a Great Old One? There’s only a
decade or so left. Time waits for no man… Did “She” provide me help in
secret because “She” had similar hopes? Adam didn’t take action even
though “He” could finish me off twice. Apart from “Him” and me not
having any significant grudges, this plays a role in everything? Klein gently
rapped the edge of the long, mottled table as he muttered softly, “The key to
becoming a Great Old One or Outer Deity is one of the nine sefirot?”
Looking around the empty Sefirah Castle, Klein sighed and muttered to
himself, “As for the exact situation, I have to look at the second Blasphemy
Slate to know. Unfortunately, I don’t know when I’ll have a chance…”
He then focused his attention on something else.
I’m not sure if the ancient sun god had completely transcended the
Sequences… If a native Great Old One were to be born, humanity might
still have a sliver of hope when the apocalypse happens… “His” death is
even more complicated than I imagined…
It’s no wonder Emperor Roselle said that only a Sequence 0 could preserve
“Themselves” and protect the people “They” value…
I wonder if those Great Old Ones or Outer Deities have infiltrated the Earth
with their powers?
Yes, according to how the seven orthodox deities and the other evil gods
like the True Creator view the Primordial Moon and the Mother Tree of
Desire with animosity, the latter might be Great Old Ones or Outer
Deities…
It’s no wonder the Mother Tree of Desire could directly mislead my
divination above the gray fog. “She” is the most dangerous existence in my
books!
I understand what those Great Old Ones and Outer Deities are gathered
around this world for…
They likely want to obtain the nine sefirot; destroying the world is just
something done in passing…
As he thought of this, Klein suddenly recalled the phrase the Mother Tree of
Desire had said through Cynthia:
“Admiral, I want to have a child with you.”
He couldn’t help but shudder as he seriously considered his safety after
returning to the real world.
He already had a certain level of understanding of the cosmos. As long as
he subconsciously thought of something related, he would directly establish
a connection with the Great Old Ones and the Outer Deities, and be
corrupted!
If not for the fact that Sefirah Castle had cut off all contact from before, I
wouldn’t dare return to reality… After some thought, Klein decided to
invite his psychiatrist, Miss Justice, to help hypnotize him and seal the
corresponding information deep within his subconscious. Only when he
saw a preset reminder would he recall it.
He originally wanted to directly summon the projection of “Justice” from
the Historical Void to do this, but considering that this was an intricate task,
it was very likely a mistake or oversight might happen if the person didn’t
have a deep understanding of the mind. And once there was a slip-up, the
Great Old Ones and Outer Deities would cast “Their” eyes on him.
Phew, I need to remember to get Miss Justice to hypnotize herself to forget
this matter… After some deliberation, Klein turned the corresponding
request into a stream of light and threw it into the crimson star representing
Justice.
Not long after, just after breakfast, Audrey, who had yet to leave home,
arrived above the gray fog.
The long bronze table had vanished. There was a desk and two chairs
placed in the ancient palace.
“Mr. World, what is the matter that you wish to forget this time?” Audrey
looked at Gehrman Sparrow who was sitting opposite her and raised the
most important question.
Klein rubbed his temples and used a deep voice to describe the secrets of
the Cosmos, Great Old Ones, and Outer Deities.
Upon hearing this, Audrey’s eyes widened bit by bit as if she had been
possessed by an evil god.
After he was done, she fell silent for a few seconds before saying with the
same deep and slightly confused voice, “This is the truth of the apocalypse?
“Even the seven deities are unable to save us?”
Without waiting for Klein’s reply, Audrey laughed self-deprecatingly.
“I thought what I’ve been doing recently was very meaningful…
“I thought the worst news I could think of was the defeat of Loen and the
annihilation of the Church…
“But compared to the secrets you told me, all of this is so insignificant.”