Chapter 1352

: Attendant of Mysteries
As the Attendant of Mysteries potion entered his body, Klein immediately
felt a burgeoning feeling.
In the blink of an eye, he lost his perception of his body and Worms of
Spirit. He watched helplessly as they dissipated and fused into the spirit
world that couldn’t be described with ordinary words or common sense. It
was as though he was about to disintegrate into abstract and random pieces
of information.
At that moment, Klein only barely maintained his consciousness and had
self-awareness.
Just like that, “he” floated in the spirit world filled with countless strange
figures. After losing the ability to sense his body and Beyonder
characteristics, he began to experience all kinds of thoughts, information,
knowledge, symbols, and labels. He completely lost himself and was
teetering on the border of fusing with the spirit world.
If this continued, Klein would definitely be completely lost, but at this
moment, there was a connection between the spirit world and his
consciousness.
That place corresponded to a town. The people inside lived ordinary lives.
They had their own names, their stories, and their fates. They intertwined
with each other, bringing about complete information in the spirit world,
which was the concept of abstractness.
This town was eventually destroyed by a calamity and buried in the dust of
history.
Klein dispersed like a mist, almost fusing into the spirit world’s body.
Under the guidance of fate, he fused with the spirit world projection of the
different Utopian marionettes, allowing him to become corporeal again.
…
Bayam, deep underground in the Cathedral of Waves, in a room that was no
longer sealed.
Alger extended his hands and pressed down on the door in front of him.
The surface of the door was blue in color, with numerous mysterious and
odd reliefs protruding out.
It was ajar, and there was no light behind the door. It was unknown which
world it was connected to.
The darkness seemed to have a life of its own. At this moment, a stream of
water silently surged out, eroding the surrounding area.
Bang!
Alger’s feet exerted strength, causing the ground to crack and spew out
scarlet—nearly white—lava.
This was a “calamity” he had created. His goal was to prevent the darkness
from advancing.
However, after the surging lava entered the darkness, it disappeared without
a trace.
The darkness shrank back a little and paused for a second before continuing
its corrosion.
Boom!
Alger continuously created hurricanes, torrential rain, and lightning
calamities, blocking the darkness again and again.
He held the Azure Gate firmly with both hands, not letting it open further.
If he were to only face this Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, Alger would’ve been
completely fine. He would even have the capacity to attempt sealing it, but
at that moment, he still had two similarly dangerous items around him.
This forced him to sing loudly. He used the melody of death to influence his
surroundings and disrupt the operations of the other Sealed Artifacts. Then,
he built a wall formed from blue seawater beside him.
However, the wall was slowly being dyed grayish-white, as if it had been
petrified.
Yet, the pandemonium didn’t yield as it extended towards Alger’s body.
I can last for at most thirty seconds. The Lord of Storms hasn’t responded
the entire time… Thoughts raced through Alger’s mind as he suppressed his
unwillingness and reluctance. He quickly made a decision.
Without any hesitation, he immediately accentuated a hexagonal crystalline
snowflake on his palm.
This was the mark left behind after he participated in the Tarot Club for the
first time. It could substitute the reciting of an honorific name, and allow
Mr. Fool to cast “His” gaze over.
…
Blue Mountain Island, within the primitive forest.
At the Door of Flesh and Blood, spherical lights collapsed and converged in
an attempt to undergo a qualitative change. They seemed to form a body
consisting of a series of doors. The body wore the blood-colored tidal wave
as its robe as its body constantly warped and changed, reflecting different
regions and planets.
At this moment, a blinding ray of sunlight shone through the darkness. It
descended from the astral world and melted everything it encountered along
the way.
Other than this ray of sunlight, an inscrutable darkness of the night surged
over, attempting to devour Mr. Door Bethel Abraham who was seeking to
advance to Sequence 0.
The land where the altar was quaked violently, tearing open a huge hole in a
bid to devour the Door of Flesh and Blood and Bethel Abraham to fall deep
into the core and face the Chaos Sea that contained all possible colors and
possibilities.
Following that, a blurry light seeped out from the void and enveloped the
forest, attempting to restore the basic structure of the trees, mud, and altar.
And at the only gap in the light, a pair of brass-colored eyes emerged.
They stared at the Door of Flesh and Blood and Bethel Abraham, hoping to
reflect them into their eyes.
Mr. Door let out a low roar, causing his blood-colored robe to flare up.
The robe connected to the evil tide that surged behind the Door of Flesh and
Blood, spreading out to the crimson moonlight.
The moment it touched the moonlight, the inscrutable night that could not
be seen gathered on its own. It stretched out its limbs and head, turning into
a shadowy female human.
It possessed its own life, and its consciousness was no longer controlled by
its user.
Without any exception, the blinding sunlight transformed into a young man
wearing fiery armor. The shaking ground grew eyes and closed its mouth.
The screen that was transformed from a faint light revealed terrifying facial
features. Around the brass-colored eyes, eyelashes emerged, transforming
into wings.
These obstructions and interferences fell into chaos, giving Mr. Door a
chance for a breather.
Seizing this opportunity, “He” entered the final step of becoming a god.
At that moment, the Door of Flesh and Blood suddenly collapsed and
covered Mr. Door’s body, making “Him” seem to turn into another person.
…
Klein’s body seemed to dissociate into countless people. They had their
own preferences, their personalities, their determination, and their fates.
They lived in a town known as Utopia.
These people quickly lived their short lifespans, waking up under the heavy
storm. They came to their senses and realized what their identity was in
essence.
It was Zhou Mingrui, and also Klein Moretti. They were also Sherlock
Moriarty, Gehrman Sparrow, Dwayne Dantès, and Merlin Hermes.
One thing could have many names, but its nature wouldn’t change.
The “people” raised their heads and looked up into infinity from the illusory
city in the spirit world.
They saw the illusory and thin Spirit Body Threads, and they saw a symbol
made up of the Pupil-less Eye and the partially Contorted Lines.
With the symbol as the core, Klein’s figure outlined itself, his eyes tightly
shut.
Worms of Spirit, bits of Beyonder characteristics, and bits of his self-
awareness flew out from the spirit world corresponding to the Utopia area
and towards Klein’s slightly illusory body, allowing it to slowly become
corporeal.
At this point, there was no clear boundary between Klein’s Spirit Body and
his physical body. They were both one and separate, and also in a rather
delicate state.
In other words, a Spirit Body could be equivalent to a body of flesh and
blood. His physical body could also fuse with his Spirit Body. As long as
Klein was willing, he could switch between two states. Of course, he could
also separate his physical body from his Spirit Body. All of them had their
individual traits, and they could be decided based on a mere thought.
Two seconds later, the reassembly process was completed. Klein, who was
floating in the depths of the spirit world, opened his eyes. His pupils were
dark, without any light.
He had already advanced to Sequence 1 and became an Attendant of
Mysteries.
Without a sound, a grayish-white fog appeared behind him. Above the fog
was an ancient palace. Inside the palace stood a door that was stained
bluish-black, formed from countless spherical lights.
The door of light appeared rather clearly in the spirit world. It separated out
a rather blurry phantom and cast it at Klein’s body.
As the phantom turned into a complicated symbol, it imprinted itself
between Klein’s brows. The entire spirit world and the real world outside
began to gently shake as though they had encountered an earthquake from
afar.
At that moment, Klein’s surroundings turned dark as illusory stars appeared
one after another. They surrounded the strange door of light as though they
wanted to lump together.
In these illusory stars, the largest two overlapped and corresponded to an
area in the real world.
The third, fourth, fifth, and sixth stars were located somewhere else.
Through these illusory stars, Klein saw Mr. Door and Amon on a particular
island. He saw Antigonus in the dilapidated palace inside the concealed
world, and Zaratul who was hiding somewhere unknown. He saw Pallez
Zoroast in Leonard’s body and Dark Demonic Wolf Kotar…
With the help of the changes caused by further deepening his control over
Sefirah Castle, Klein found the angels and Kings of Angels corresponding
to the three pathways of Mysteries.
Of course, such a “vision” only lasted for a few seconds. Once Amon and
Zaratul reacted and used the correct method to conceal themselves, Klein
would no longer be able to lock onto “Their” true bodies.
Without any hesitation, Klein raised his right hand and snapped his fingers.
The Staff of the Stars that was originally placed in Sefirah Castle had
appeared in his palm. He also split a portion of the Worms of Spirit to let
them enter Sefirah Castle to prevent any abnormalities and respond to his
believers.
After becoming an Attendant of Mysteries, Klein’s control over Sefirah
Castle deepened, allowing him to take out items from inside at any time.
In the next second, the various gems on the Staff of the Stars lit up as
Klein’s figure vanished from the spirit world. He instantly “Wandered” to a
swamp and arrived in front of Zaratul.
Dressed in a hood and a black robe, the white-bearded Zaratul didn’t panic.
“He” used “His” Attendant of Mysteries Beyonder powers to make all kinds
of connections as “He” extended “His” left hand and grabbed into the void
ahead.
…
Gradually, Alger’s body turned grayish-white, almost about to petrify.
Could it be that Mr. Fool doesn’t favor me because of my failure to monitor
Verdu? He frowned slightly, wanting to give up, but he stayed underground.
At that moment, a grayish-white fog appeared in front of him. All the
Sealed Artifacts fell silent.
…
After Mr. Door Bethel Abraham was enveloped by the Door of Flesh and
Blood, a familiar voice echoed in his ears:
“You wish to bring the disaster back to the real world?”
Bethel Abraham’s actions instantly slowed down.
“Give up. I have a way to deal with it. I’ll let you sleep and let you get the
peace you want.” That familiar voice sounded again.