Chapter 734

: Old Friends
You actually know me? This means that Mr. Isengard Stanton often
mentions me as a friend, or does it mean that the Church of the God of
Knowledge and Wisdom knows that I was embroiled in the Great Smog of
Backlund? Klein smiled as he nodded in an unperturbed manner.
“Yes, I’m Sherlock Moriarty.”
The grayish-blue-eyed lad immediately gave way as he warmly gestured
him in.
“Mr. Stanton has been worried about you all this time. He was afraid that
you met with trouble. He can now be at peace.”
Klein handed him his umbrella as he took off his hat and coat while walking
in. At this moment, Isengard Stanton, who had sensed something, had put
down his papers and pipe, and he left his reclining chair to take a look.
“Oh my, Sherlock, you’re finally back. It’s been so long, my friend.” The
thin Isengard with grayed sides revealed a smile as he came over with
welcoming arms in an attempt to give him a greeting hug.
Klein wasn’t used to such a custom, so he forced himself to reciprocate it
and smile.
“Mr. Stanton, this isn’t something a believer of Wisdom would do.”
The bishops and priests of the God of Knowledge and Wisdom had their
pride, and they seldom gave greeting hugs.
But in fact, apart from the boorish Feysac Empire and the liberal Intis
Kingdom, such a manner of etiquette was rare in other countries and
regions. It only happened among very familiar friends.
Isengard took two steps back and chuckled.
“No, Sherlock. We’re never stingy with respect and friendliness towards
intelligent friends.
“In my heart, you’re one of the top five detectives in all of Backlund.”
I like that! Klein smiled inwardly as he retorted in jest, “So you’re one of
the top three detectives?”
To be praised as having true wisdom by a Sequence 7 believer of the God of
Knowledge and Wisdom was really delighting.
“I wish that you share the same thoughts as myself,” Isengard skillfully and
gently replied. Then, he invited him to the living room and to the sofa.
He leaned into a reclining chair and picked up his pipe. With a deep breath,
he exhaled.
“I’m very happy that nothing bad happened to you. You seem especially
fine, both in body and mind.
“How was it? Was Desi Bay fun?”
Klein had already prepared an excuse as he calmly smiled.
“In fact, I didn’t go to Desi Bay. I ended up going to Constant. Heh heh, I
was previously embroiled in some trouble in Backlund, so I could only find
a place to hide.”
Sherlock Moriarty was a gentleman from Midseashire who had a slight
accent. It was a very normal choice to return to his hometown after causing
trouble. Constant was Midseashire’s capital.
“I know,” Isengard replied heavily.
He didn’t inquire about the trouble which Sherlock had involved himself in.
Instead, he said with a smile, “In short, welcome back to Backlund. Come
to me if you need any help.”
Klein didn’t stand on ceremony as he immediately said, “The purpose of
my visit was first because it’s really has been a while since we last met, and
second, I wish that you can sell my shares in the Backlund Bike Company
on my behalf. Heh heh, all the documents are in place, and there’s no need
to carry out any other procedures.”
In order to act as a mysterious tycoon and to repay Miss Messenger with the
10,000 gold coins, not only did he plan on selling items he had little use for,
but he also planned on letting go of the last 10% of his shares in the
Backlund Bike Company. After all, Sherlock Moriarty wasn’t able to appear
in a legitimate fashion for a long period of time.
“Are you really going to sell it?” Isengard stroked his pipe and said,
“Although I’ve never been a businessman, I can tell that the bike is a
product that’s of great value and something that can be promoted on a large
scale. Its commercial future is like the newly-risen sun, and it has yet to
reach its limits. You’ll be losing plenty of money by selling it now.”
“That’s why a buyer will be very willing to raise the price significantly
because of this expected value.” Klein chuckled. “I believe the people who
can tell the value of the bike and its future aren’t in the minority. And
Framis and Leppard are definitely unwilling to reduce any part of their
holdings at this stage. There shouldn’t be a problem selling my 10% shares
at twice or thrice the normal price. Isengard, the pricing of shares isn’t
about the present, but about its future.”
To illustrate an alluring story for the buyer and investor, and drawing a
beautiful future is very necessary! Of course, the value and future of the
bike don’t require additional input from me. Anyone with any business
sense can tell. The only problem stems in the rubber production… Klein
silently added inwardly.
“The pricing of shares isn’t about the present, but about its future…”
Isengard softly repeated Klein’s words, and after a moment he sincerely
sighed. “Sherlock, perhaps you should be involved in the business world.
However, there will always be many accidents present.”
“To dare to take risks is equivalent to chivalry in business. Oh well, I admit
that I’ve recently been in dire need of large sums of cash,” Klein replied
with a smile.
Isengard picked up his pipe as he gave it a satisfactory suck.
“You’ve convinced me.
“I will specially hire a lawyer and accountant to confirm the market value
of Backlund Bike Company. Then, I’ll add on an estimate of the expected
profits and sell that 10% of yours. The corresponding fees and taxes will be
deducted from the amount received.
“Oh… How should I contact you? It seems like your rental contract for the
house at Minsk Street has lapsed.”
Klein obviously wouldn’t expose his present identity. He said, having
prepared for it, “You can post news on the Tussock Times, Backlund Daily
Tribune, and other newspapers about the sale of the shares to make more
people know. Only when there’s competition would there be better price
negotiations. When it’s sold, you can publish a notice to indicate that the
deal has been closed and that further inquiries won’t be entertained.
“And when I see that notice, I’ll come visit you.”
Isengard was no stranger when it came to communicating over published
notices in the newspapers. He nodded and said, “No problem. Of course, all
expenses will be deducted from the final sum received.”
With his main goal accomplished, Klein stood up and reached out his hand.
“Thank you for your help, Isengard.
“I need to leave. We can talk in the future.”
Isengard didn’t hold him back as he sent him straight out the door.
Klein circled to a nearby street and took a carriage to the Bravehearts Bar as
he admired Bravehearts Bar’s night view in the drizzle.
He planned on reestablishing all the news and resource channels which
Sherlock Moriarty used to have!
After entering the noisy bar, he didn’t head for the bar counter to order
some beer and make inquiries. Instead, he circled around the boxing ring in
preparation to leave, so that he could wait for Miss Sharron to appear on the
carriage outside.
At this moment, the door to a billiard room creaked open. Ian, with an old
coat, walked out with newspapers in hand.
His red eyes did a cursory sweep when he suddenly noticed a familiar
figure. He gaped his mouth, but he didn’t say his name. He greeted in
pleasant surprise, “Good evening, sir. Is there anything I can help you
with?”
“Not for now. I’m only here to visit an old friend.” Klein smiled warmly.
As he spoke, he noticed that the papers in Ian’s hand was News at Sea. On
it was a striking headline: “Shocking! Crazy adventurer made a fugitive!”
Crazy adventurer… Klein intuitively believed that it had nothing to do with
him.
Ian noticed his gaze and raised the newspapers with a smile.
“This is one of the rare up-to-date reports from News at Sea because the
bounties have already appeared in various places.
“The crazy adventurer, Gehrman Sparrow, plotted to bring harm on the City
of Generosity, and he has been proven to be a member of a cult. In this
incident, thanks to the Church of Storms and the military, no one from
Bayam was injured. But Admiral of Blood Senor, who was involved in the
matter, vanished as a result. It’s suspected that he has been killed by
Gehrman Sparrow.
“Guess how much of a bounty they are offering for Gehrman Sparrow.
“50,000 pounds!
“It has exceeded Admiral of Blood’s, and it’s almost reached that of
Admiral Hell’s!”
50,000 pounds… Klein’s heart stirred.
He calmed the palpitations in his heart as he replied with a smile,
“Unfortunately, few people can claim such a bounty.”
He pointed at the bar’s entrance and said, “I’ll come to look for you again
when I have the time.”
“Alright.” Ian didn’t ask further as he mentioned in passing, “Is Mr. White
from the Harvest Church your friend?”
That fellow, Emlyn, is finally willing to get out of the house? For those
Primordial Moon believers? Klein nodded.
“That’s right.”
After saying that, he squeezed through the crowd and pushed open the door
to leave the Bravehearts Bar.
After getting onto a rental carriage, Klein cast his gaze outside, awaiting
Miss Sharron’s appearance.
Of course, he wasn’t certain that she was here. Months had passed, so it was
very possible that this lady and Maric had switched their area of activity.
Silently, Klein’s spiritual perception was triggered as he turned to look at
the window. On the glass which could reflect the night view, a young lady
in a black bonnet and gothic-styled black dress clearly appeared.
Turning his head, Klein saw Miss Sharron sitting opposite him. Her pale
blonde hair, blue eyes, and pale expression didn’t seem any different from
before.
“Good evening.” Klein, who no longer needed to act as Gehrman Sparrow,
greeted first.
Sharron got up a little and curtsied.
Realizing that she might’ve read News at Sea, he was momentarily unable
to find a topic for small talk. He cleared his throat and directly said, “I
killed Senor.”
“Okay.” Sharron nodded slightly, indicating that she was aware.
Klein smiled as he continued, “If Maric still needs the Beyonder
characteristic of a Wraith, he can wait and prepare the money needed. Once
I find a replacement, I’ll sell Senor to him.”
Sharron didn’t ask what “replacement” meant as she replied, “After seeing
that piece of news, he has been awaiting your return.”
“Very good.” Klein chuckled. He reached out for his collar, pulled out a
silver necklace and said, “Senor’s lucky item. You should know about it,
right?”
Sharron tersely answered as she waited for Klein to continue.
“I plan to sell either this or the Biological Poison Bottle. Would you, or
people from your circle, be interested?” Klein took the initiative to ask.