Chapter 776

: Preparations
Without the high tea session, Klein decided to pray at Saint Samuel
Cathedral, so as to show his devoutness.
Of course, he didn’t forget to stop and admire the white pigeons on the
square, allowing himself to appear leisurely and calm.
He entered the cathedral, passing through the murals that were illuminated
by the sun from high above and arriving at a dark and deep prayer hall.
This place wasn’t as gorgeously decorated like the other Churches that had
all kinds of dazzling elegant taste that produced a visual impact. Instead, it
was mild and peaceful, allowing one to feel a natural sense of tranquility.
As for the pure light that resembled twinkling stars up ahead, they were
filled with the intense solemnity of holiness.
Klein removed his hat and handed it to Richardson along with his cane.
Then, he walked down the aisle.
At this moment, two figures stood up in the front pew and turned towards
the entrance. One of them was the black-haired, green-eyed Leonard
Mitchell who looked suave with his untidy hair.
Almost at the same moment, Leonard Mitchell also saw the middle-aged
man with the white sideburns and deep blue eyes.
Dwayne Dantès… He tensed up momentarily as his body showed signs of
indiscernible stiffness.
Klein gave Leonard a side look as he nodded with a smile. He had a
friendly and casual expression.
“…”
Leonard forced a smile as he nodded in a slightly sluggish manner.
Following that, he turned to the side, made way, and brushed shoulders with
Dwayne Dantès.
This made Klein see who the person was behind him. It was also someone
he knew—Daly who was wearing a spirit medium’s black robe.
This lady still wore blue eyeshadow and blush, presenting quite an uncanny
sense of beauty.
Daly glanced at the middle-aged gentleman when her expression suddenly
went adrift. She retracted her gaze as she silently approached the exit.
No way, I was just mimicking Captain’s profound eyes. Even the color is
different, yet Ma’am Daly could still find it familiar? A woman’s intuition is
truly terrifying… Klein had a vague guess when he noticed Daly’s brief
abnormality.
A long time ago, as an insensitive man, he believed that Ma’am Daly was
secretly in love with Captain; otherwise, she wouldn’t have endured the risk
to rush to Tingen to get Klein to find an opportunity to teach the acting
method to Dunn Smith.
As for Captain, Klein wasn’t sure about his thoughts. After all, Dunn Smith,
at that moment, was often unable to distinguish reality from a dream. His
bad memory was rather pronounced, and he might unknowingly have
forgotten certain things that lay at the bottom of his heart.
However, Captain often mentions Ma’am Daly, using her as an example to
educate us. He was so familiar with how many years she took to advance
and the kind of talent she had that it seemed like he had memorized it…
Yes, whenever Captain mentioned these matters, he would occasionally add
that he spent nine years going from Midnight Poet to Nightmare… C-could
it be that he was feeling a little inferior when facing Ma’am Daly?
Inferior… Klein recalled the past as his mood suddenly felt dampened.
He realized that he didn’t really understand Dunn Smith. He didn’t
understand how many things the man had hidden inwardly.
And Ma’am Daly isn’t much younger than him. She appears to be very
open and doesn’t care about marriage… Klein silently sighed and reined in
his thoughts. He found a nearby pew and bowed his head, closing his eyes
to pray.
Outside the prayer hall, Leonard had recovered as he gathered with the
other Red Gloves teammates with Daly.
They waited for a while as Soest, who had become a Spirit Warlock, walked
out from another side. He scanned them and said, “Our mission this time is
to use the various clues discovered from the explosion of the Black
Skeleton Gang’s headquarters to find all the formal members of the
Numinous Episcopate in Backlund.
“Ma’am Daly is a Beyonder from the Corpse Collector pathway. She knows
quite a bit about the Numinous Episcopate, so His Grace, Saint Anthony,
has gotten her to assist us.”
…
In the evening, Klein, who had dismissed Richardson, took four steps
counterclockwise and entered above the gray fog. He conjured The World
Gehrman Sparrow and made his blurry figure pray.
“…Please inform Miss Magician that she needs to reserve a hotel room
before Friday night. It’s best that it’s far from the place where Mr. X holds
the gathering…
“…Pass me the stone and spellbook ahead of time. I need to make certain
preparations…
“…On Friday night, she needs to stop her friend who participates in Mr. X’s
gathering and also present to me that person’s external appearance when in
disguise…
“…If there’s anything else, I’ll inform her in time.”
With only two days left before the assassination attempt on Mr. X, Klein
undoubtedly needed to prepare ahead of time. And there were many things
that needed preparation. Dwayne Dantès wasn’t able to do everything, so he
had to rely on Miss Magician.
His preliminary plan was to use the powers of a Faceless to disguise himself
as a participant in Mr. X’s gathering. He would enter directly with the
passcode, and then he would employ different plans based on the situation.
According to the experience he had in engaging in combat and controlling
his marionette, Klein had a feeling that a Marionettist’s principle was “try to
hide behind the scenes, covertly directing a script.”
Unless necessary, a Marionettist had to avoid engaging in direct combat
with others!
Currently, the most troublesome point is that Mr. X’s gathering is at eight.
And usually, at this time, Dwayne Dantès clearly wouldn’t have fallen
asleep. He won’t be able to escape the notice of his butler and servants and
secretly head to East Borough… Of course, on the contrary, it can also
create an alibi, but the problem is, what method should I use to fool
everyone in his house… If only I had a Faceless partner who can act as
Dwayne Dantès… Miss Justice’s necklace can do it, but she’s not in
Backlund… Klein leaned back into his chair as he rubbed his temples.
He had even considered directly summoning and responding to himself,
using his identity as Hero Bandit Black Emperor to carry out the operation,
but doing so would cause him to lose the ability to change his physical
appearance. It also made it difficult for him to possess others and disguise
as Fors’s friend to participate in the gathering.
Unless Miss Magician’s friend is a part of this, allowing me to possess him
or her… That wouldn’t do either. First, it will expose some of the Tarot
Club’s secrets, and second, Mr. X might have the means to discover a
Wraith. Of course, traces of this can be concealed using a series of seals
with a gold coin, the Paper Angel, or the iron cigar case… Klein considered
for a while before deciding on a method he was very proficient in from his
previous life.
Feigning sickness!
I’ll begin acting sick tomorrow. I’ll eat very little, and sleep before eight…
This way, the butler and servants wouldn’t disturb me… But if there’s an
emergency, what do I do when Walter and company knock on the door? A
Magician’s Illusion Creation can only fool the eyes. It isn’t some artificial
intelligence… Artificial intelligence… Right, I can fix the illusion onto a
mirror, letting it look like Dwayne Dantès. Then, I’ll get Arrodes to answer
remotely! With this in mind, Klein’s thoughts suddenly opened up.
I have to say that Arrodes can be quite useful at times… After a poignant
comment, Klein returned to the real world. He walked to the desk, took out
pen and paper, and began drawing a picture comprising of symbols that
implied secrecy and mystery prying.
Just as he finished his final stroke, the room’s lighting dimmed suddenly.
The full-body mirror first turned deep black before silver light surfaced.
Loenese text appeared one after another.
“Great Master, your loyal and humble servant, Arrodes, heard your
summoning. W-was I late?”
There’s something new every time… Klein shook his head in amusement.
“No.”
“How tolerant you are of me, Great Master. You can ask your question.”
Words neatly appeared on the mirror.
Klein thought for a moment before saying, “I plan on eliminating the
Aurora Order Oracle, Mr. X. Do you have any suggestions?”
The full-body mirror’s words froze for a few seconds before changing.
“It’s best you do it after Thursday.”
It’s in line with my divination… Angel of Fate Ouroboros or a Saint of the
Aurora Order might be around Mr. X tonight and on Thursday… Klein
smiled and said, “Arrodes, I have something that requires your help.”
“T-this is my honor! You are giving me an opportunity!” Words quickly
emerged, fully professing what it meant to be excited and delighted. “May I
ask what the mission is?”
Klein nodded and said, “This Friday night, I will be using a mirror as an
illusion prop, changing it to look like my present identity… If any
emergencies happen, you’re in charge of controlling the mirror to answer
without letting anyone discover any abnormalities.
“Can you do it?”
The air around the full-body mirror suddenly gushed around, and a toady
voice belonging to Dwayne Dantès sounded:
“Great Master, I’ll try my best to complete anything you command.
“Although it won’t be able to last long, and it doesn’t match my usual
habits, it’s enough to deal with everyone here.
“If you wish, I can simulate any voice!”
You’re more talented than I expected… It’s not easy being a mirror these
days… However, why does that final statement sound odd… Klein’s facial
muscles trembled as he said, “When dealing with them, hide the nature of
the question-and-answer game. Don’t let others notice it.”
Arrodes immediately presented a new sentence on the full-body mirror:
“I will play your identity well!”
“Very good.” Klein nodded.
He was truly worried that Arrodes would begin asking Butler Walter and
Valet Richardson embarrassing questions. Questions like: “have you
fantasized about ladies you shouldn’t have any urges for?” or “who do you
think of late at night when resolving your physical needs?”
He believed that with the magic mirror’s way of doing things, it might very
well carry out such an act without any forewarning. Back then, Danitz
nearly broke down thanks to its questions.
Without speaking any further, Klein switched to saying, “That will be all for
today. I’ll contact you again on Friday night.”
“Yes, Great Master. Your humble servant already looks forward to serving
you!” Arrodes first conjured a single line before producing a drawing of a
hand waving.