Chapter 1169

Klein“s Plan
The flashing dark red glow slightly warmed Klein’s heart. He felt that he
wasn’t that lonely, and that someone still remembered him.
As the illusory, overlapping sounds of prayers became clearer and clearer,
turning increasingly real, noisy, and chaotic, he realized that Sefirah Castle
was summoning him, and the resonance between the two was growing
stronger.
After all the members of the Tarot Club had completed their prayers, Klein
had a vague feeling that he could enter Sefirah Castle at any time, allowing
his consciousness to manifest there instantly. However, he was still
obstructed by that one last obstacle.
This problem was finally resolved after he completely digested the Scholar
of Yore potion.
It was also because of this that he had the opportunity to return to Sefirah
Castle before Amon broke past the obstruction from the God of Glory,
Bladel.
In just two short days, all the members of the Tarot Club have prayed.
Generally speaking, there shouldn’t be a coincidence like this… Some
aren’t problematic, but there are some that seem to have been affected by
the Goddess and Will… I was lucky enough, so I naturally had a good
“development”… After careful thought, he realized how unreasonable
certain parts were, but this was something that could be explained, and
there was no need to pay too much attention to it.
After changing his seating posture slightly, Klein’s gaze gradually
darkened.
Although he felt that he might not be able to return “home” the moment he
saw the door of light and cocoons, he still felt that his hopes were
completely destroyed upon confirming that this world was his former
hometown. The light of dawn was swallowed by the darkness.
Back then, using “The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era” as an honorific
name might be a revelation given to me by my spiritual intuition… In the
deepest part of my heart, I might’ve sensed something… Yes, I remember
that I transmigrated while I was sleeping. But why was I wearing a T-shirt
and loose pants while hanging in the cocoon? Klein frowned slightly as he
cast his gaze at the grayish-white fog under Sefirah Castle.
As he searched for the reason for the fragments of light in the fog of history,
he tried hard to recall every detail of that fateful night.
Finally, he found the corresponding historical segment:
Zhou Mingrui, who was wearing a t-shirt and loose pants, set up the luck
enhancement ritual before dinner. He took four steps counterclockwise and
recited incantations like “The Immortal Lord of Heaven and Earth for
Blessings.”
In his memories, nothing had happened back then, but the scene in history
wasn’t like this!
After Zhou Mingrui finished his four steps and completed the ritual, his
face turned pale and his eyes glazed over.
Following that, he ate his meal in a daze. He read books, watched dramas,
and fiddled with his phone as if he was completing a predetermined
program.
Finally, Zhou Mingrui came to the sink and looked at his lifeless eyes in the
mirror. He brushed his teeth, washed his face, and went to bed.
During this process, he didn’t change out of his T-shirt and loose pants. He
covered himself with the blanket and closed his eyes.
Before long, an intense light and violent shaking ended the corresponding
historical scene.
Klein couldn’t help but raise his hand and rub his temples. He gave a self-
deprecating laugh.
So the idea of there not being any changes and everything being normal
after the luck enhancement ceremony was simply what I concluded. In
actual fact, my body had already experienced certain anomalies…
If it were in the past, he would definitely feel horrified and scared about the
truth of the matter. However, after suffering from shock so many times,
with his world view nearly collapsing just moments ago, such a “trivial
matter” was unable to generate any intense ripples in him.
However, after discovering this, combined with the Emperor’s
“transmigration”—a result of buying a mysterious silver plate—as well as
one of the hanging Spirit Bodies in the transparent cocoons actually having
a cell phone on them, Klein quickly had some guesses about what had
happened back then.
It should be the owner of Sefirah Castle affecting reality, disseminating the
luck enhancement ritual, mysterious silver plate, mutated cell phones, and
other things. Anyone that obtains them and performs some required
procedure would end up being pulled above the gray fog at some point,
hanging by the door of light…
This was a random selection. It didn’t point to a specific target. I don’t
know if I’m lucky or unlucky.
However, why was it named “Quintessential Divination and Arcane Arts of
the Qin and Han Dynasty”? Was it randomly made up by the influenced
humans, or was it really passed down from the Qin and Han dynasty era?
It’s not that it’s impossible. If the “when the stars are right” prophecy is
true, and if it corresponds to the Creator—the Oldest One—then “He” has
always been in a deep slumber underground. “He” was like that in ancient
times, a time that was far more ancient than ancient times. As for Sefirah
Castle, it’s said that it was a manifestation of parts of “His” body… This
isn’t a sanctuary or escape pod…
In the beginning, the Oldest One was, on the one hand, waiting to awaken
and destroy the world. On the other hand, “He” was trying to influence
reality with a tiny amount of constant fluctuations. By disseminating the
ritual and making other arrangements, wouldn’t that be somewhat
contradictory?
That prophecy must’ve been made by the humans that were influenced by
“Him”…
Klein stretched out his right hand and lightly knocked on the edge of the
long mottled table, stuck in a conundrum that was temporarily impossible to
answer.
Soon, he remembered a sentence and some things.
That statement was:
“Whatever separates will definitely converge, and whatever converges will
definitely separate.”
Those things were:
The ancient sun god, Amon and Adam’s father deliberately separated “His”
negative personality;
Beyonders who were close to the ground or encountered some corruption
would gradually form a brand new self;
After reaching the moon, Emperor Roselle’s personality had changed a little
without him realizing it;
Many of the twenty-two Beyonder pathways were conflicting, just like
Demoness and Hunter.
Perhaps the Creator—the Oldest One—was an amalgamation of
contradictions, and “He” could only relieve this problem by sleeping…
Klein had a certain guess, but he was unable to verify it.
He wasn’t even sure if the Oldest One, who would awaken when the stars
were right, as spoken of in mythical legend in “his previous life,” was the
Creator of all things who splintered into everything in present-day myths.
This required more clues and more evidence to confirm. He couldn’t just
rely on his own guesses and imagination.
It’s not like I’m a Visionary, Klein thought in a self-deprecating manner. He
then cast his gaze upwards. It was almost comprised solely of gray
nothingness there, with some grayish-white clouds floating there.
There are still many things I need to confirm. For example, is that so-called
“Chernobyl” a sanctuary created by humans after the awakening of the
Oldest One? Or did the Beyonder characteristics of the twenty-two
Beyonder pathways really originate from the Oldest One? Another would
be the positions of the constellations. Is it actually normal, or is it abnormal
now? Does the 1368 apocalypse correspond to the moment when the stars
are right? And finally, the origins of the first Blasphemy Slate and what
exactly is on the moon…
Thinking of this, Klein suddenly stopped tapping his fingers and softly said,
“For example, the hometown of the Elves, the legendary Western Continent,
whether it exists or not, and why can’t anyone go there…”
The answer to his question was a long period of silence. He slowly leaned
back and rested his arms on the armrest.
After a few minutes, Klein closed his eyes and had an idea. Or rather, he
decided.
After he successfully revived, he planned on staying in the Forsaken Land
of the Gods for some time to seek out some questions.
Just as Emperor Roselle had said, many of the answers were in the
Forsaken Land of the Gods. Blasphemer Amon had wandered here for more
than a thousand years to explore the history that surpassed the First Epoch.
Furthermore, if he kept heading east in the Forsaken Land of the Gods, he
might reach the legendary Western Continent… Klein cast his gaze outside
the ancient palace as he looked into the distance.
To him, staying in the Forsaken Land of the Gods for some time was also a
type of strategy. At the very least, this would attract the attention of Amon,
making “Him” not need to mobilize “His” avatars in the outside world to
search for Gehrman Sparrow in Loen or Backlund. That would bring great
danger to the people that he knew.
Thankfully, the avatars of Amon who knew that I’m soft-hearted had been
wiped out. The corresponding information was also not propagated because
of the existence of concealment… If not for that, Amon might end up
directly using the lives of Benson, Melissa, Leonard, and Miss Justice to
threaten me… I don’t even dare to think of the outcome… Heh heh, the
King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck has finally shown its
powers… Phew, even if I want to leave the Forsaken Land of the Gods, I
don’t have a solution now. I have to barge into the place where the Dark
Angel is sleeping… Klein shook his head and felt that even if he could
resurrect, he would be facing all kinds of dangers.
No matter how he thought about it, a Scholar of Yore wouldn’t last long if
he were tracked by a King of Angels!
The key to the matter was that the Evernight Goddess was still digesting the
Uniqueness of the Death pathway. “She” could only spare a limited amount
of power for infiltrating the Forsaken Land of the Gods. Once the Angel of
Time, who wielded the authority of “Error,” was prepared, it was nearly
impossible to accomplish what had happened today.
On the one hand, I have to seek help from other possible existences. When I
successfully revive, I will attempt to use my marionette to recite the
honorific name of the Lord of Storms, Eternal Blazing Sun, and the God of
Knowledge and Wisdom. Let’s see if “They” have any means to descend
into the Forsaken Land of the Gods. “They” had fed on the ancient sun god
back then, so ‘They’ definitely do not wish for Amon to obtain Sefirah
Castle…
On the other hand, since the Scholar of Yore’s potion has been completely
digested, I’ll have to consider becoming a Miracle Invoker. As long as I
have an angel’s status and become a complete Mythical Creature, my
situation will be much better. At the very least, I’ll be able to withstand a
wave of Amon’s ravings when facing “His” true body… Klein decided to
use the medium to spy on the terrifying maggot cluster on the main peak of
the Hornacis mountain range once his Spirit Body recovered. From there,
he could obtain the knowledge corresponding to a Miracle Invoker.
It was highly likely that it was The Half-Fool of the Antigonus family!
After considering his future plans, he looked around and answered the
crimson stars one at a time.
“The Tarot Gathering will proceed as usual today.”
He wanted to see if Ma’am Hermit, Mr. Hanged Man, and the others could
provide him with inspiration and allow him to be revived far away from
Amon.
Of course, it was necessary to use an ingenious excuse.
After responding, the world above the gray fog became extremely quiet
again. Klein sat at the seat of The Fool, temporarily with nowhere to go.
After a moment of silence, he leaned forward slightly and used his right
hand to support his head, looking straight ahead.
On the long, mottled table, a variety of delicacies and exquisite candles
appeared. As for the high-back chairs around it, they became even closer in
style to the current times.
One figure after another appeared. One of them was an elderly man with a
loud voice and silver strands in his black hair. Another was a woman who
was nearly fifty years old. She had an Asian face with short hair that only
reached her ears. Some of them were young men who were playing with
their phones and enjoying the sumptuous food, while others were young
ladies who were laughing and joking…
Behind them, new figures appeared one after another. It was the gray-eyed
Dunn with a receding hairline, and Daly with her blue eyeshadow and
blush.
With a smile on their faces, they surrounded the long, warm table
surrounded by candlelight above the grayish-white fog. They chatted
happily and commented on the delicacies from time to time.
Klein maintained his expression and posture as he propped his hand on the
side of his face and silently watched this scene in stillness for an extended
period of time.