Chapter 1009

: Payment Is Always Exacted for
What’s Bestowed
Leonard immediately felt very relieved when he heard Old Man Pallez.
He cast his attention back to the angel-level battle that happened in the
afternoon and asked rather curiously, “Which pathway’s angel does that
giant serpent phantom belong to?”
Pallez Zoroast fell silent for a moment before saying with a sigh, “Snake of
Fate. The councilor of the Life School of Thought. A Sequence 1 angel.
“I never expected ‘Him’ to join them…”
Councilor of the Life School of Thought? “He” has also become a Blessed
of Mr. Fool? The corresponding card is the Wheel of Fortune? Leonard’s
eyes widened as he realized that Mr. Fool’s faction seemed comparable to
the seven orthodox Churches. It was truly unfathomable.
Death Consul… Snake of Fate… Incomplete messenger… There are three
angels under Mr. Fool… It’s no wonder Klein was able to become a
demigod so quickly… Just how long has it been and I’ve already been
embroiled in a battle at the angel level. It’s really unimaginable how things
will develop in the future… Leonard held the letter and sat on the sofa. He
felt another sense of urgency towards digesting his Soul Assurer potion and
advancing to Spirit Warlock.
He had been busy placating the souls in the Backlund region recently, but
due to the numerous missions, he was still far from completing them. He
couldn’t find an excuse or opportunity to visit Tingen City to steal the
powers from that drop of the Eternal Blazing Sun’s blood. Furthermore, the
arrival of Amon’s avatars had been quicker than he had expected.
South of the Bridge, Rose Street, Harvest Church.
Emlyn White, who had changed into a brown priest robe, stood in front of a
long table with candle stands. He watched Ernes Boyar working hard at
wiping the altar before he raised his right hand and casually pointed.
To the side. Left side. That spot’s dirty.”
Ernes Boyar, who also wore the clergyman attire of the Earth Mother, shot
an angry look at Emlyn, but he still listened to his instructions and re-wiped
the area he hadn’t wiped seriously.
“I know you’re very mad. It’s how I felt when I learned that you
deliberately hid key information from the ancient castle intel you sold me,”
Emlyn said with a smile, completely unfazed by his glare. “Also, I forgot to
inform you. I’m also a viscount. It happened last week.”
Sanguine Viscounts corresponded to the Moon pathway’s Sequence 5
Scarlet Scholar. The advancement ritual required the illumination of the full
moon. Apart from that, one had to gather different metals, gems, and
Beyonder creature blood that represented the different moon phases. It was
rather complicated.
However, Emlyn had long obtained the promise from the Sanguine upper
echelons that a free advancement ritual would be held for him. He could
advance easily once the full moon came.
As for the digestion of Potions Professor, he had completed digesting it
without putting too much effort into it. This was because he often taught
commoners who were willing to learn at the Harvest Church to learn about
herbs and medicine, and even combinations of some special potions. And
apart from usually collecting dolls, researching history, and doing volunteer
work at the cathedral, he loved thinking about the different potions and
considering how they could be used in different battle situations.
“…You’re a viscount?” Ernes Boyar abruptly stood up straight as he wore a
flabbergasted look.
Among the Sanguine, as they were all long-lived, they had quite a huge
population. The number of Beyonder characteristics was limited, so
advancing was a very difficult endeavor. One had to be in a long line before
they had the opportunity to advance. However, Emlyn White had only been
a Baron for half a year!
Ernes remembered that it took him six years to go from Baron to Viscount.
This was because his father had suffered an attack from Artificial Vampires.
His passing left him the inheritance.
“Of course.” Emlyn’s smug smile grew obvious, but he remained restrained.
“I obtained a Sequence 5 Beyonder characteristics from Artificial
Vampires.”
Ernes Boyar looked at Emlyn, momentarily at a loss for words. He felt that
he had suffered a heavier blow than needing to do volunteer work at the
Harvest Church.
Your expression is rather interesting.” Emlyn tsked and said, “Perhaps one
day, you’ll have to address me as lord when I become an Earl.”
“Preposterous! What arrogance!” Ernes blurted.
I’m already very humble. I didn’t mention I would become a Duke or even
a Princeps… How am I to be the Sanguine’s messiah without being an
angel? Besides, in our Tarot Club, Mr. World has already advanced to
become a demigod. Ma’am Hermit won’t take much longer. This will
definitely be a club filled with demigods… Emlyn chortled without arguing
with Ernes like he usually would. He took on an attitude that whatever
Ernes said was beneath him.
Of course, he also understood that the advantage the Sanguine had after the
Scarlet Scholar stage no longer existed. Becoming an Earl was in no way
easier than an Artificial Vampire advancing to Shaman King.
The digestion of the Scarlet Scholar potion is still relatively simple. All one
needs to do is sincerely like the moon, worship the moon, and study the
moon. This is what most Sanguine do usually…However, the corresponding
ritual is in the hands of the demigods. Without their approval, even if I were
to obtain a Shaman King Beyonder characteristic from The Sun, I won’t be
able to become an Earl… Emlyn might be arrogant, but he knew very
clearly what was required of him subsequently.
There were two core powers of Scarlet Scholar. First, it was to create an
environment that was advantageous to them. When the enemy wasn’t good
at spirituality or things related to the spirit world, they could create the
effects of the full moon. On the contrary, they would also make the moon
vanish if necessary. Second, it was to gain an instantaneous blink and a
spectral form state under a certain area of the moon’s illumination. Even if
they were smashed to bits by an enemy, they could still reform themselves
under the moonlight.
And the strength of these powers was derived from one’s comprehension
and research of the moon domain as Scarlet Scholars.
As for the strengthening of darkness-related spells, the enhancements of
potion effects, and the resistance towards Nightmare-like influences, they
were just supplementary.
Ernes was enraged by Emlyn’s attitude. Just as he was about to speak again,
he saw the mountainlike half-giant, Utravsky, walk out from behind the
cathedral.
He hurriedly bent his back and bowed his head as he continued cleaning the
altar.
Emlyn White also picked up his cloth and the candle stand, wiping its
surface with great proficiency.
In the silent atmosphere, he thought of something: If he were to leave the
Harvest Church now, would the upper echelons of the Sanguine force him
to hand over the mystical items and supernatural props he obtained from
Ernes.
This… I really have no reason to reject their request, because some of the
items don’t belong to Ernes in the first place… Emlyn thought about it
seriously and decided to return to the room later. He would set up a ritual
and sacrifice the spoils of war he received to Mr. Fool. When the time
came, he could split it with the other members like The Star and Justice.
Uh, Oath of Rose cannot be sacrificed. It’s only one part of the pair.
Whoever obtains it will be discovered and identified by the wielder of the
other ring… I’ll just treat it as a spoil of war. I’ll hand it over to Marquis
Nibbs tonight. I should be able to exchange it for some rewards… As for
the rest, I won’t participate in the splitting… Emlyn very quickly came up
with a plan.
As for whether the Sanguine upper echelons would bear a grudge over this,
he wasn’t too worried. This was because he would also mention in passing
about the cooperation that the Rose School of Thought’s temperance faction
had requested while handing over the Oath of Rose.
This matter had happened last week. He had planned on informing the
Sanguine upper echelon, but in the few minigatherings, The Hanged Man
had advised him to do so after the punishment operation. It would
accentuate his importance and mitigate any anger or resentment.
Striking with a stick, and offering a carrot? At that moment in time, Emlyn
suddenly had a deeper understanding of the suggestion.
160 Boklund Street. Inside Dwayne Dantes’s bedroom.
The spoils of war received are pretty good. A diamond brooch that can raise
one’s energy and maintain lucidity while resisting spells that act on the
Body of Heart and Mind. A paper figurine that can prevent any fatal
damage and Psychic Piercing. A belt that can produce Sun and Lightning
damage. A wallet that contains more than 300 pounds… After receiving the
sacrifice and returning to the real world, Klein silently sighed as he sat in
front of his study desk. He then took out a transparent maggot.
Upon seeing this maggot, he felt his head ache, recalling the pain of having
his Soul Body fracture.
This was a Worm of Spirit that he had fractured from himself. It was to be
made into the payment given to Snake of Fate Will Auceptin.
He already had an idea on how to replicate the item which could briefly
allow someone to restore their strength. It was to use the Worm of Spirit as
a vessel and copy the complete symbol from before to garner a response
from the mysterious space above the gray fog.
For this, the outcome of his divination was that it would be rather
successful.
That item’s true essence is actually one of the powers of the Seer pathway’s
Sequence 3, Scholar of Yore. To borrow a portion of one’s power from
one’s past self… Responding with The Fool’s identity would definitely
work…
The only problem is that the corresponding dimensionality, mystery,
complexity, and danger of the symbols cannot be directly engraved on
different metal plates… According to Will Auceptin, I have to use
Cogitation and draw on my spirituality to draw it on the Worm of Spirit…
If it succeeds, I’ll make myself one. I’ll look at myself from the past and see
if it will be Klein Moretti’s childhood or myself hanging in the cocoon
above the door of light… If it’s the latter, it’s best if I can confirm how long
I’ve been hanging… Klein entered a Cogitation state while in thought.
Then, he kept constructing symbols with his mind, allowing his spirituality
to repeat this process outside as it penetrated the Worm of Spirit.
This was a complicated and difficult task. If he wasn’t careful, it might lead
to failure.
As the invisible symbols fell and augmented the Worm of Spirit, Klein
suddenly trembled. The Worm of Spirit ignited by itself and turned to ashes.
Looking at his empty palm, Klein felt a headache. After a long period of
silence, he silently muttered, Life sure is difficult…