Chapter 979

Joy of Life
“The traditions in the Southern Continent are really different from ours.”
Audrey looked down at the feathered cap in the gift box as she marveled,
“But it’s in line with my taste.”
The latter half of her sentence was partially genuine and partially out of
politeness. On the one hand, she found the processed feather akin to a piece
of artwork, and on the other hand, she found its style too obvious and
extreme. It wasn’t something she would use as an accessory.
This was akin to how others would have their interest piqued by items with
unique and mysterious patterns when visiting ancient ruins. They would be
filled with praise over it, but they would seldom purchase similar items to
place it at home or use it as an accessory.
Klein smiled in response.
“There are also many stark differences amongst the Southern Continent
traditions. It’s almost completely different in East Balam from the highlands
and river valley. Of course, they also have their similarities such as their
adoration of gold. They believe that this metal possesses magical powers.”
As he said that, he pointed at the feather in Audrey’s hand.
“Legend has it that people who wear such accessories would receive the
blessings of the feathered serpent, or in other words, Death.”
He was hinting to Audrey about how she could use the feather.
As a Sequence 6 of the Spectator pathway, Audrey easily read in between
the lines. She understood that the hat accessory allowed her to receive a
response from the so-called “Death” at critical moments, bringing about
certain effects.
As for how she should use it, it was basic knowledge in mysticism. Audrey
had a solid foundation and didn’t require Mr. Dwayne Dantès to explain in
detail.
She faintly smiled without revealing her teeth and said, “I really like it. I
will attach it to my hat in appropriate situations.”
Not bad. It’s so easy talking to Spectators… Klein returned with a smile and
pointed at the door.
“I still have presents to hand out.”
“You will be the most welcomed person here today,” Audrey replied with a
smile, a euphemistic way of expressing her gratitude.
Meanwhile, she was a little vexed. She was hesitant about finding an
opportunity to inform Mr. World, who had been embroiled in Cuarón’s
suicide, about Hvin Rambis. He had shown some deep interest and
importance on the matter.
Oh, it’s almost Monday. I’ll leave it until the Tarot Gathering. It will be
much easier to communicate when the time comes… I can also seek advice
from Mr. Hanged Man and Ma’am Hermit on how to deal with my current
situation, especially the problem of being wary against the cues and
hypnotism from a High-Sequence Beyonder. After all, I can’t always pray
to Mr. Fool ahead of time to receive an angel’s blessing… On careful
thought, such a form of hypnotism is truly terrifying… Carrying out
instructions without realizing it… Audrey’s mind was awash with thoughts
as they bubbled.
This made her suspect that many people in Backlund’s high society had
been hypnotized, acting in ways that violated their true intentions and will.
In addition, she also came to realize something.
Every time her parents attended Mass at Saint Samuel Cathedral, the one in
charge of the rites was definitely Backlund’s archbishop. And to hold such a
post, he was definitely a demigod of the Church of Evernight!
At times, His Grace will even visit in person to chat with us… This is to
prevent such matters from happening? That’s why Hvin Rambis’s hypnosis
effect on me didn’t go overboard? Audrey watched as Dwayne Dantès left
her office. After closing the door and sitting down at her desk, she picked
up a fountain pen and mindlessly scribbled on it.
After she reined in her thoughts, the piece of white paper was filled with
interlocking circles. There was a face with cold eyes and scattered lines.
At a glance, Audrey tensed up. She immediately used her spirituality and
the friction between items to ignite the paper, turning it to ashes. Her
random drawing had, in a sense, reflected her true emotions and thoughts!
And to a good Psychiatrist, interpreting such pictures was a basic skill.
Therefore, Audrey hadn’t left any traces behind.
After a while, Klein delivered all his gifts and chatted with a few directors
along the way. Finally, he entered a room meant for part-time directors like
him to rest. He found a pen and paper, sat on the sofa, and began writing
after some thought:
“Dear Mr. Azik,”
While in the Southern Continent, Klein had written about Adam’s obtaining
of 0-08, his successful revenge on Ince Zangwill with the help of Leonard
and Daly. He then summoned the messenger via the copper whistle and sent
it to the sleeping Mr. Azik. Without a doubt, he had yet to receive a reply to
date.
Klein wasn’t worried about mentioning Adam and 0-08 in the letter,
because the Angel of Imagination definitely knew about his relationship
with Mr. Azik. And sharing matters he encountered with someone familiar
wouldn’t garner any excessive reaction.
This time, Klein’s letter didn’t involve anything extraordinary. With a smile
and gentle scribble, he shared the details about the bursary foundation
which he learned from Audrey and the other directors. At the end of the
letter, he wrote:
“… This is a really meaningful matter. I feel satisfied and happy about it.
Mr. Azik, would you feel the same?
“When you awaken, perhaps you can attempt to do something similar.
Every time you revive, you would be able to see the children who had
received your help in the past. When that happens, although they might not
remember them, they will definitely remember you…”
After finishing the letter and putting down the fountain pen, Klein carefully
read it once, and after confirming that there weren’t any problems, he blew
the copper whistle, summoned the skeleton messenger, and allowed it to
take the letter away.
Following that, he left the Loen Charity Bursary Foundation with his valet,
Enuni. He came to the nearby Saint Samuel Cathedral and silently prayed
for fifteen minutes in the serene and dark prayer hall.
Like before, Klein came to the donation box and threw a stack of cash in-a
total of 80 pounds.
Taking this opportunity, he found Bishop Elektra and had a chat with him
and listened to his sermon.
This also announced to the Church of Dwayne Dantès’s return.
As for presents, Klein didn’t directly give it since he was inside the
Goddess’s cathedral. Instead, Butler Walter would naturally deliver his gifts
to the bishops’ residences in private.
…
At tea time in the afternoon, Klein followed his schedule and left 160
Böklund Street and headed to Dr. Aaron’s for a visit-Richardson had
already informed them in the morning and had received permission to visit.
This time, Klein not only met Dr. Aaron Ceres, but he also met his wife,
Wilma Gladys, as well as the newborn and his elder brothers and sisters
who were a few years older.
“What a pity that I wasn’t able to participate in, uh…” Klein deliberated
paused and successfully waited for Wilma Gladys to reply “Will” with a
smile.
He reorganized his words and said, “Unfortunately, I was unable to
participate in Will’s birthday party because of my trip to East Balam.
“This is an amulet that’s rather popular over there. It brings children good
luck.”
As he said that, he handed the golden accessory to Dr. Aaron.
Aaron Ceres wasn’t a man who was good with words. He accepted it
without declining it and nodded.
“Thank you.”
Following that, he held the string and hung the golden amulet into the pram
beside him. Shaking it, he asked, “Will, do you like it?”
Wrapped in silver silk, the chubby baby raised his arm, swung it, and
flicked the golden amulet away.
Flicked away…
The mood instantly turned a little awkward in the activity room. Klein
chuckled and broke the silence.
“This is a reaction all kids have.”
At this moment, a maid had delivered the three-layered tray for high tea,
allowing the hosts and the guest to switch topics of conversation, allowing
the mood to return to normal.
As Klein drank his black tea and ate the pastry, he began talking about all
kinds of interesting customs in East and West Balam. It left the couple and
their two other children intrigued as they would question him from time to
time.
During this process, Klein suddenly turned to face the pram and asked with
a smile, “You don’t seem to enjoy my present?”
As he spoke, nothing abnormal happened to the couple and the rest of the
people in the activity room as they continued wearing attentive looks.
In the illusion Klein created, he hadn’t finished his recount!
Will Auceptin, who had fleshy arms, scoffed as he said with a child-like
voice, “What’s the point in having such gifts?
“You might as well give me Gwadar. At the very least, that can be drunk!”
Klein smiled as he shook his head and said, “I have some news for you.
Ouroboros was injured by a particular person and will likely not be able to
continue seeking you out for the time being.”
He didn’t dare mention Adam’s name or title. He didn’t even think about it,
afraid that the leader of the Twilight Hermit Order would notice it; thus,
discovering Snake of Fate Will Auceptin’s location.
As for a description like Amon’s brother, Klein had temporarily avoided
using it. He had no idea if Amon was still in Backlund and if the frequent
mention of the Angel of Time’s name would result in a crossing of fate.
However, Klein believed that the Snake of Fate was likely to guess who had
injured the Angel of Fate. This was because the only ones who remained
active in the real world and were of a higher level than Ouroboros were
limited to Amon and Adam.
He had used the words “particular person” to eliminate the possibility of the
assumption of the besieging of several angels or the use of Grade o Sealed
Artifacts.
Will Auceptin fell silent for a moment and said, “I did tell you that the
deviation in your fate is a good thing in the long term.”
After exchanging information, Klein was about to dispel the illusion when
he suddenly heard Will Auceptin quip, “Oh, I suddenly have a craving for
Gwadar, especially if it’s iced.”
“Such beverages aren’t good for a baby!” Klein wore a serious look as he
dispelled the illusion, reaching out his hand to receive the cup of ice-cream
a maid had delivered.
Then, under Aaron’s and Wilma’s watch, he scooped some ice-cream with
the silver spoon and teased the baby with a smile, “Will, do you want some?
“Do you want some?”
Ma’am Wilma immediately chuckled.
“Our Will doesn’t enjoy that.”
Just as she said that, Klein stuffed the spoon of ice-cream into his mouth.
“Waaa!”
The baby in the pram immediately let out a loud cry.