Chapter 1160

Improving
City of Silver, at the top of the spire.
After waiting for a long time, Derrick still didn’t receive a response from
Mr. Fool.
This made him panic a little. He didn’t understand what this meant, nor did
he know how to deal with it.
Mr. Fool is in a state where he can’t respond to his prayers? Yes, “He”
informed us two days ago that the gathering next week would be canceled.
This should be a sign… Having recalled what happened previously, Derrick
barely managed to calm his anxiety and nervousness.
He couldn’t be blamed for having such a huge reaction, because the City of
Silver’s textbooks recorded similar situations:
The Creator who normally responded to “His” believers suddenly stopped
responding and forsook this land!
After a few seconds of silence, Derrick stood up and returned to the room
where the Chief was. He said to Colin Iliad, “We have to wait a few more
days.”
“Wait?” Demon Hunter Colin repeated the keyword as he frowned slightly.
From his point of view, this was an unusual matter, seemingly symbolizing
a bad development.
Derrick resisted his instinctive reaction of scratching the back of his head,
and he nodded with some difficulty.
“Yes.”
The grizzled Colin Iliad stared at him for a few seconds before nodding
slowly.
“Alright, head back first.”
Backlund East Borough, inside a two-bedroom rental apartment.
Fors, who was wrapped in thick clothes, paced around the warm stove, her
face full of doubt.
Finally, she turned her head and looked at Xio.
“Why hasn’t Mr. World replied?”
“Perhaps he’s preoccupied with something,” Xio explained the reason she
had long considered. “Perhaps it’s because it’s not convenient for Mr. Fool
to pass on your prayers. ‘He’ has temporarily paused the gathering.”
Fors nodded thoughtfully and said, “Mr. Fool informed us that the gathering
will be temporarily paused next week. It was only decided in the middle of
the week. Is this related to George III?”
Recalling Mr. World’s investigations all this time, Xio acknowledged and
said, “Very likely.”
In the Forsaken Land of the Gods, in the dead silent city.
Dressed in a classic black mage’s robe, Amon led Klein into a relatively
complete cathedral.
Segmented stone pillars lay tilted, and dark red weeds grew out from their
cracks, wrapping around the avian sculptures.
With the animal hide lantern in hand, Klein surveyed the area and
confirmed that the residents of this city weren’t truly dead. There were still
a few survivors left. He had no idea what method they had used to
transform into monsters of the deep darkness. They were hiding from the
faint yellow light, surrounding a cathedral in a place that couldn’t be seen.
They wanted to attack the two ordinary-looking humans, Klein and Amon.
The reason why Klein was able to confirm that these monsters were
originally residents of this city was because their Spirit Body Threads had a
certain abnormality. Some were grayish-white, some were distorted, and
some were sticky. They were completely different from the monsters
elsewhere. They greatly resembled the corpses inside the coffins.
I don’t know what kind of despair and mental breakdowns will make the
remaining humans choose such a path… Perhaps the deepest sense of
despair was that they couldn’t see hope on a daily basis while the situation
around them worsened… With a sigh, he made use of this opportunity to
adjust his mentality.
He was experiencing various instances of hope surfacing, only to be met
with despair time and time again.
The monocled Amon walked to the edge of the light and walked all the way
into the deepest part of the cathedral.
Klein followed behind and saw a door covered in pale white light.
“This city is actually split into two parts: ‘light’ and ‘darkness.’ They’re
using certain abilities of the Apprentice pathway to hide a portion of the
area. They have to use a specific ‘door’ to enter,” Amon said as “He”
pointed ahead.
A Secrets Sorcerer’s powers? With some realization, Klein nodded,
indicating that he knew what was going on.
Amon then said, “Behind this door is the ‘dark’ side of this city. I can use it
to connect to a similar region far away. We can directly arrive there and
shorten our journey.”
As expected of the incarnation of loopholes… Klein watched as Amon
stretched out “His” left hand and pressed down on the door formed from
pale white light.
The light began to ripple as it rapidly spread outwards, becoming more and
more intense.
At that moment, a deformed monster hiding in the depths of the darkness
while spying on the cathedral suddenly trembled, becoming Klein’s
marionette.
Twenty or thirty seconds ago, Klein had already completed the process of
obtaining initial control over it and deepened his influence. However, he
waited until now before he completely converted it.
Right on the heels of that, Klein and the marionette reached out their hands
at the same time. They took advantage of the opportunity when Amon
changed the “door,” and they grabbed something.
In his hand was something in the shape of a full moon, and was embedded
with scarlet gemstones, the Scarlet Lunar Corona. In his marionette’s hand
was an ancient, brass-colored Master Key!
At the same time, they opened their mouths and made a “bang” sound. They
used Air Cannons to push the Scarlet Lunar Corona and the Master Key to
the door of light.
These two items combined could make one hear Mr. Door’s pleas for help.
This also meant that Mr. Door’s powers could enter the real world to a
limited extent.
And this was the controller of all “doors.” He was one of the existences
who was most unwilling to see Amon become an “Error” or control Sefirah
Castle!
Klein didn’t expect that the sealed Mr. Door could really hurt Amon. He
only hoped that he could use this opportunity to interfere with the Angel of
Time and create a good enough opportunity for himself.
Of course, if Mr. Door could cause any abnormal changes to the door,
magnifying or distorting the loopholes created by Amon; thus, affecting the
King of Angels of the Marauder pathway and teleporting “Him” far away,
Klein would definitely sincerely thank Mr. Door for a week.
After his previous attempts, Klein realized his greatest disadvantage. It
wasn’t that he was one Sequence short and had a qualitative gap in power
level. Instead, he had lost the initiative and couldn’t make proper
preparations. Every time he began preparing, he would be interrupted or
foiled by Amon.
For a veteran Magician, unprepared performances were often synonymous
with failure.
If he could make preparations in advance, he could quietly summon Mr.
Azik’s, Reinette Tinekerr’s, and Snake of Fate Will Auceptin’s historical
projections. Against a Sequence 2, even if there was no way to deal with
“Him,” it would definitely create a very good opportunity to escape.
At that moment, the Scarlet Lunar Corona and ancient-looking Master Key
whistled through the air and arrived at the door of light.
The white light that formed the illusory door distorted and devoured the two
items. It was dyed crimson as it collapsed into a whirlpool.
It was as though the bottom of the vortex was invisible, like a gigantic eye.
Just as Amon was about to turn around, “He” made a slight pause as if “He”
had heard an old friend’s shout.
However, this pause disappeared instantly, as though it had never appeared.
With Amon’s gaze directed at Klein, the latter instantly lost six Beyonder
powers.
This included the control of Spirit Body Threads, the summoning of
Historical Void projections, Paper Figurine Substitutes, Flame Controlling,
Underwater Breathing, and Bone Softening.
Of course, losing these six Beyonder powers for a marionette didn’t affect
Klein’s subsequent operations.
The indiscernible pause from before had allowed Klein to switch places
with his marionette in time!
He had already arrived deep in the darkness outside the cathedral. The
deformed monsters around him trembled and turned into his marionettes.
For targets such as these that weren’t even Sequence 5, it took only two or
three seconds for Klein to transform them into marionettes. And by the time
he summoned the Scarlet Lunar Corona, he had already begun doing similar
actions.
As he enjoyed the darkness without any scruples, he attempted to transform
into a concealed state or successfully commit suicide. At the same time, he
reached out with his marionettes to grab at the fog interwoven with history.
This time, he split the marionette into three groups, summoning Reinette
Tinekerr, Mr. Azik, and Snake of Fate Will Auceptin, respectively. He didn’t
want to follow his past mistakes, where he had managed to succeed with
great difficulty only to have “Them” taken away by Amon. With such
arrangements, he might be left with one or two.
Of course, the premise was that Amon was unable to steal multiple
Historical Void projections at once.
This was something that Klein needed to confirm.
Klein retracted his hand, but he didn’t grab anything.
All the marionettes who summoned the Snake of Fate failed. Among the
Scholars of Yore groups who summoned the Death Consul and Reinette
Tinekerr, two of them had their arms tense up slightly.
Klein was delighted as he suddenly felt that this attempt could end up
turning into a real escape attempt.
At this moment, the crystal monocle that Amon wore emitted a terrifying
light.
The entire city, including the surrounding rivers, hills, and wilderness, were
all filled with pure, scorching sunlight. “Day” had once again descended
upon this land after bidding farewell to it for thousands of years.
Amon had stolen the “day” from the ruins of the battle of gods!
In the face of such a “day,” not only did Klein feel like his body was about
to melt, but he also heard familiar and crazy ravings in his ears. They were
like steel needles that pierced through every Worm of Spirit.
This caused his mind to be filled with immense pain. His marionette’s
summoning attempts had failed while on the brink of success.
The “day” in the battlefield of the gods contained the True Creator’s
ravings!
The deformed monsters that were hiding deep in the darkness, which were
the few survivors of the city, seemed to temporarily regain their senses.
They stared blankly at the “day” and couldn’t help but narrow their eyes.
Then, they wildly charged towards the source of that “day,” melting one by
one into dust.
Far away in the City of Silver’s Afternoon Town campsite, the guards at the
stronghold also noticed that there was a light coming from the northeast. It
was different from lightning, just like the scene of the sun rising from the
legends.
This scene only lasted for a few seconds before it shattered and the sky
returned to its dark state.
As soon as he recovered from the ravings, Klein saw the pointed-hatted
Amon standing in front of him.
This Angel of Time nudged “His” monocle and smiled.
“Well done.”