Chapter 881

: A Play
The Rose School of Thought demigod, who was hiding in the shadows,
wore a hooded black robe and a golden mask with red and black patterns
smeared across it. His figure couldn’t be made out, but he was definitely not
short, standing at a height of 1.8 meters.
He used the Marauder pathway’s Sealed Artifact to steal Tutanssess II’s
sarcophagus, placing it before him. Immediately, his body phased away and
drew out an extended form as though he had turned into a thick, long, and
soft rope.
This transparent and nearly ethereal “rope” quickly bound the heavy
sarcophagus in a bid to bring it into the spirit world.
At this moment, a strong gust of wind sounded in the Rose School of
Thought demigod’s ears. They clashed in the air, forming an explosive-like
stir.
Boom!
Tutanssess II’s golden sarcophagus was sent flying as the transparent “rope”
around it unfurled, shrinking back into a humanoid form.
This Rose School of Thought demigod floated diagonally downwards in an
uncontrollable manner before turning into a wraith, no—an evil spirit’s
form. He allowed the intense winds to blow through his body without
making any additional movements.
He saw eddies in the air swirl up rapidly as an unrestrained hurricane
suddenly appeared, sweeping up the rocks, gravel, trash, and parts of the
harbor’s roof into the air. Even the carriage which had been autonomously
moving before flew up because of its proximity. It was torn into pieces
amidst the strong winds.
Seemingly lucky, but in fact an expected outcome, the shadows where the
Rose School of Thought demigod was hiding didn’t have any Loen soldiers
and was far from the main path.
The lady in the black evening gown and crown of thorns was obstructed by
the hurricane as her body involuntarily wavered backward. She was unable
to immediately rush to the golden sarcophagus that had been thrown up into
the air, and she could only use her momentum to turn her body sideways,
casting her gaze to a warehouse that stood far away outside the dock
district.
Immediately after that, she turned her head to look at the Rose School of
Thought demigod because he wasn’t affected by the hurricane.
“Confinement!” The lady who was also wearing a golden mask raised her
left hand and grabbed at her enemy’s figure within her sights.
The Rose School of Thought demigod had formidable spiritual intuition. As
he sensed the danger with the help of his spiritual intuition, he did a Mirror
Blink ahead of time, leaping onto a piece of glass about eighty meters away.
At this moment, the hurricane seemed to stabilize itself and rapidly calmed
down.
Pa! Pa! Pa! The items that had been swept up fell to the ground, including
the golden sarcophagus that contained Tutanssess II.
Bang!
It slammed open a crater as it completely broke apart after suffering the
wrath of the hurricane.
The lid at the top flew up, scattering the gold and gems that were sealed in
the top two layers of the sarcophagus as burial items.
Then, the lower level of the sarcophagus tumbled a few times, dropping
golden boxes and jade containers that stored the desiccated organs.
A corpse that was bound in yellowish-brown cloth tumbled out. Its surface
was covered in a dark red, oily liquid.
This was none other than the mummy created after Tutanssess II passed
away. It was extremely thin, and its face had a golden mask with patterns
covering it just like the mask worn by the demigod from the Rose School of
Thought. Embedded in its eye sockets were two abnormally pure onyx
gems.
The moment the mummy appeared, the surroundings seemed to dim. The
sarcophagus’s main body stopped as dark red liquid flowed out of it,
soaking the nearby soil.
When the Rose School of Thought demigod with the Marauder pathway’s
Sealed Artifact saw this scene, he was first enraged before he thought of
something. The look in his eyes turned into pleasant surprise.
His figure vanished from the glass fragment, phasing into the two onyx
“eyeballs” of Tutanssess II. Then, he possessed the mummy and attempted
to pull it into the spirit world!
Suddenly, he sensed that the mummy in his Evil Spirit Vision had vanished.
Simultaneously, the Tutanssess II mummy with a slanted golden crown on
its head suddenly bounced up, turning its onyx-embedded face towards the
only lighthouse in Pritz Harbor.
This Pharaoh, which had been dead for centuries, produced an inhuman cry
from its throat. Bound with yellowish-brown bandages, it freed its shriveled
leg, strode and ran off!
It seemed to be running towards freedom, but it had forgotten one thing. It
was just a corpse. It should be lying down in silence.
Tap! Tap! Tap! The Tutanssess II mummy finished accelerating just as it
began.
Upon seeing this, the lady with the crown of thorns raised her right palm
and aimed at the mutated mummy.
“All the dead will receive their eternal peace,” she said a few words in
ancient Hermes.
Bang!
The Tutanssess II mummy exerted strength in its legs as it leaped up,
jumping into another direction, escaping the region that would make it
enjoy its eternal rest, doing so in a way that didn’t adhere to a zombie’s
agility.
Further away, the black-haired, golden-eyed man, who was pursuing
Mahmosi, narrowed his eyes as his ring once again emitted a crystalline
beam of light.
His figure teleported in front of the mummy as he attempted to stop the
deceased from moving away.
However, Tutanssess II changed directions once again, charging out from a
different angle.
It kept changing its direction, as though its goal was to approach the
lighthouse by following an irregular route!
Mahmosi’s heart stirred as his body suddenly vanished, flashing onto a
piece of glass not far from the mummy.
He used this as a springboard and finally appeared in the two onyx in
Tutanssess II’s eye sockets!
Although the Loen military’s demigod had restricted Possession, the
Highlands Kingdom’s Pharaoh was no ordinary item. It had some
spirituality remaining!
Seeing his partner succeed, the demigod with the Marauder pathway Sealed
Artifact didn’t hesitate to extend his black-gloved left hand, aimed it at the
lady in the evening gown, and gripped his hand into a fist before turning it
half a circle.
The lady immediately felt her thoughts go adrift for a second. Following
that, she was bound tightly by her own gown. Almost at the same time, the
Loen soldier far away on the warehouse rooftops found it difficult to control
their rifles as they aimed in her direction and pulled their triggers.
Bam! Bam! Bam!
The steel monsters with thick cannons also unleashed their cannonballs at
the lady.
The golden-eyed demigod didn’t attempt to save his partner. Instead, he
looked at Tutanssess II’s mummy which had come to a stop because of
Mahmosi’s possession. He gripped his right hand into a fist and waved it
abruptly.
“Execution!”
A look of joy flashed past his eyes because it didn’t matter if the mummy
died again, but Mahmosi couldn’t afford that!
Elsewhere, just as the bullets and cannonballs were to hit the lady, they
suddenly slowed down as though they had sunken into a quagmire formed
of air. They were repelled by a power that stemmed from laws.
On the lady’s head, the crown of thorns lit up suddenly, using up more than
half of the accumulated “ocean of light.”
The hooded Rose School of Thought demigod immediately discovered this
as he vanished from a location far away from it, as though he was
fundamentally wiped away. This also meant that he had “arrived” in front of
the lady and saw her raise her right hand.
Gathered within her right hand was pure condensed light. They transformed
into a blazing spear that had two pure white wings sweep out at its tip,
enveloping the spearhead like an angel’s embrace.
The Rose School of Thought demigod’s eyes widened immediately as he
heard the footsteps of death. He attempted to use Mirror Blink to leap away,
but he found that his surroundings were sealed by the pure white wings.
An intense sense of fear surged within him and inundated his reason,
making him abandon his resistance towards his roots to his being and
strength.
At this moment, a shrieking wail sounded as the lady’s eyes temporarily
turned turbid.
The blazing spear in her right hand deviated to the side as she failed to
maintain its stability. It collapsed into a gorgeous blast of light as it was
swept up in the air like a hurricane.
And in the vicinity of the Tutanssess II mummy, Mahmosi had stopped his
possession. Beside him, a dirty doll fell to the ground.
The doll’s chest had a tear that nearly penetrated it.
It stood up and its eyeless face seemed to come to life, turning abnormally
warped and gruesome. It continuously wailed with a shrieking tone, causing
the nearby Loen golden-eyed demigod to feel an invisible hand grabbing at
his neck as he kicked and struggled in midair.
It was because of this doll’s existence that Mahmosi wasn’t “Executed.”
Likewise, the other Rose School of Thought demigod wasn’t struck by the
blazing spear.
When the latter saw this, he immediately used Mirror Blink to approach the
Tutanssess II mummy that was still focused on moving in the direction of
the lighthouse. He planned on using this opportunity to join forces with
Mahmosi to achieve the goal of their operation.
At this moment, the lady in the evening gown erased the distance,
appearing directly above them. The crown of thorns on her head emitted the
purest of light.
She pressed down with her right hand and said, “This place will have the
mysterious weakened and the real strengthened!”
Just as she said that, the blood-stained doll immediately lost its expression
and stopped shrieking. The golden-eyed demigod from the Loen military
finally had a chance to catch a breather. He forcefully pulled away the
hexed hand that was grappling his throat.
From that moment, their demigod powers rapidly declined as attacks that
stemmed from reality were rapidly boosted.
This also meant that the Loen soldiers at the top of the warehouse and the
steam chariot that was slowly approaching on its treads were the victors in
this battle!
To the Loen army, this was a situation where their advantage was extremely
amplified!
Mahmosi and the other Rose School of Thought demigod immediately
reacted. One of them tried to possess the mummy, while the other attempted
to pick up the eyeless doll. They planned on escaping before their strength
decreased to a certain threshold.
Of course, the lady with the evening gown and the golden-eyed demigod
couldn’t allow the enemy to do as they wished, but just as they were about
to take action, a light streaked into the sky and exploded into dreamy
fireworks.
Right on the heels of that, the two demigods felt their spiritual perception
trigger simultaneously as they looked into opposite directions.
A hand wearing a transparent glove reached out from the void beside
Tutanssess II’s golden sarcophagus, grabbing a handful of soil that was
soaked with dark red liquid.
The liquid was a mixture of Tutanssess II’s brain matter and bodily fluids. It
was a ritualistic material used to maintain its spirituality, and the latter
contained its blood!
Mahmosi and the Rose School of Thought demigod, who wielded the
Sealed Artifact also looked over, and they happened to see a figure wearing
a formal suit and top hat appear.
This figure was bending his back to pick up the soil soaked with dark red
liquid.
During this process, he kept his right hand to his left breast, as though he
was bowing towards the demigods. Then, maintaining this pose, he looked
up to reveal his metal-gray masked face before rapidly fading away into
nothingness.