Chapter 247

: The Whole Story
The figure in the mirror was clear, but it was as though the woman in the
black regal dress had never appeared.
Klein secretly activated his Spirit Vision, but didn’t find anything.
Did I just hire a female ghost as my bodyguard? She’s even stranger than a
female ghost… At the very least, one can see ghosts with Spirit Vision…
Klein thoughtfully touched Azik’s copper whistle in his pocket, feeling
nothing but its cold chill. Like before, it didn’t have any additional changes.
She’s unaffected by the copper whistle… Seems like she isn’t an undead
creature… However, I can’t be sure. Back then, the copper whistle was
buried with me, but the corpses surrounding me didn’t act abnormally…
Was it because those buried in the cemetery have experienced a send off by
the priests and bishops? When does it work and when doesn’t it… When this
business with the ambassador is over, and if I’m still alive, I’ll go to the
cemetery and try to figure out the scope of its effect and its limits. I can’t
always carry a time bomb like this… Klein washed his face and walked out
of the bathroom.
Just as he picked up the newspaper in the living room and was going to read
it in the living room or bedroom, he heard the doorbell ring.
Klein’s mind tensed up when he heard the tinkling sounds. He put on his
coat, with all kinds of materials in it, and walked towards the door gingerly.
He clearly knew that danger was approaching in the next few days!
After standing behind the door and waiting for a moment, the scene outside
naturally surfaced in Klein’s mind.
The crimson moon was faintly discernible in the sky. The elegant gas lamps
on both sides of the street lit up the wet road. A boy wearing an old coat
stood there. His bright red eyes were deep and adrift.
Ian Wright? Why did he appear? Isn’t this what I saw in my dream
divination? Is this the prelude to danger? Klein opened the door and took
two cautious steps back.
“Detective Moriarty,” Ian took off his brown top hat, bowed, and said in a
low voice, “I came to apologize. I’m sorry to have involved you in such a
dangerous matter.”
Klein creased his eyebrows and probed, “What you should’ve done is head
to the police station.”
Ian looked around and bowed his head.
“I just came out from MI9.”
Ah? Is that the name of the military’s special department? Klein stepped
aside, pointed at the living room and said, “Maybe we can have a chat.”
I have to at least know what placed me in this situation… He sighed
inwardly.
Ian didn’t stand on ceremony as he followed Klein into the living room and
sat in the same spot as he did the last time.
He was just about to open his mouth when Klein suddenly added, “If what
you plan on saying will put me in greater danger, then there’s no need to tell
me about it.”
“No, everything will soon be over.” Ian had a calmness that was beyond his
age.
Klein was relieved and asked out of curiosity, “So, what exactly
happened?”
Before he could finish his sentence, he saw a figure emerge from the panes
of the oriel window across the room: a black regal dress, long hair tied in a
bun, blue eyes, delicate features, and a pale face. It was the woman who had
previously greeted Klein in the mirror.
This woman seemed to find an illusory high back chair and sat down. Her
left palm supported her right elbow while her right hand supported her face,
pretending to listen attentively while appearing expressionless.
For a moment, Klein was left at a loss.
Ian, who had been silent for a few seconds, said softly, “In fact, Detective
Zreal is a spy for the Feysac Empire. He adopted several vagrant children
and taught them how to gather intelligence. I am one of them.”
So that’s how it is… I was involved in a huge spy conspiracy… Klein
suddenly felt enlightened.
Ian looked at the coffee table and continued, “We have the advantage of
age, and are often ignored by others, allowing us to gather a lot of useful
information. Two weeks ago, I stumbled upon clues regarding Helmosuin’s
manuscript.”
“Helmosuin?” Klein found the name familiar.
Ian looked up at him and explained, “Turani von Helmosuin, the greatest
scientist after Emperor Roselle, a mathematician, a mechanist, and the
father of the second generation difference machine.”
So it’s him! Klein suddenly remembered the relevant information.
He wasn’t only a great scientist, but also a crazy scientist. He believed that
the inherent flaw in the existence of humans could only be fixed through
machines. He loved eating sugar as if it was his own energy source. He
mysteriously disappeared while researching a third generation difference
machine, and was an important figure that every country was trying to find.
“His manuscript? Does the manuscript involve third generation difference
machines?” Klein asked probingly.
A difference machine was a mechanical device for computing. It could
effectively improve the efficiency of scientific research and various
projects. In Klein’s opinion, it was an alternative computer in the Age of
Steam. Of course, it could only do computation at present.
Ian shook his head.
“I’m not sure. I didn’t actually see it. Perhaps, it had some related ideas.”
He paused for a moment, then went on to recount what had happened.
“When I reported this to Detective Zreal, he was very happy and told me to
follow up on that lead while he immediately reported it to his superior.
“It took me some time to determine where the manuscript was, but I was
afraid of the danger, so I didn’t steal it directly. I decided to return to
Detective Zreal, and after that, it was as I told you. Detective Zreal’s house
was infiltrated while many of the tiny traps were not restored, and he didn’t
respond to my contact request. The Zmanger gang tried to capture me…
“With your help, I confirmed the death of Detective Zreal. I took a fake
tooth from his corpse. Oh, that happened after we parted.
“Detective Zreal told me that, inscribed on the inside of the fake tooth, there
was a method to urgently contact his superior. It was a method that even he
didn’t know of and was something he would only remove if an accident
occurred.”
Klein nodded slightly and said, “So you sent a telegram?”
A rare look of surprise flashed across Ian’s face as he asked, “Did the
people from MI9 tell you that?”
“No, a friend of mine happened to see you on Bacardi Street.” Klein
casually made up an excuse.
“I see.” Ian nodded in depression. “I got in touch with Detective Zreal’s
superior in Backlund via telegram and arranged the time, place, and manner
of meeting, but soon enough, I was found by the Zmanger gang. No, to be
exact, it was an intelligence officer of the Intis Republic. That was what the
people from MI9 people told me.
“Fortunately, MI9 arrived in time, and both sides engaged in a chaotic
battle. I took this opportunity to escape.
“However, when I met with Detective Zreal’s superior this afternoon, I was
once again ambushed by the Intis intelligence officers. Unfortunately, I was
caught by them, and I was very afraid of dying, so I told them everything
that I knew. However, they didn’t keep their promise and still wanted to kill
me. At that moment, MI9 finally found me.”
It is only during such times when you look like a fifteen or sixteen year old
teenager…Just as Klein was reflecting over this, he suddenly thought of a
problem from what Ian had just said.
Back when he discovered that something important was left behind on
Zreal’s corpse and that Ian had successfully taken it away, he had written
the matter off, thinking that the Beyonder was lacking in skill, and that the
Beyonder had missed out on something because the mediumship provided
little useful information.
However, after confirming that the ambassador had a Mid-Sequence
Beyonder of the Seer pathway, the situation became extremely peculiar.
With powerful mediumship, it was impossible for the fake tooth to not be
discovered.
Leaving the body in such a remote and hard to find place didn’t seem like a
trap.
Combined with Ian’s description, the answer was obvious.
Klein nodded and said, “Have you ever thought of the possibility that
Zreal’s superior has traitors around him, a traitor who has defected to the
Intis intelligence services?
“That’s also why Zreal was exposed and killed when he obtained the clue to
the manuscript, as well as why you were ambushed.”
It was because the Intis ambassador had information about Zreal’s superior
which was why he didn’t pay much attention to the urgent communication
method inscribed on the inside of the tooth!
Zreal’s report to his superior directly led to his demise!
Ian fell into a daze when he heard that. It took him quite a while before he
clenched his fists in anger, trying hard to compose himself as he said, “I
didn’t think of that. You really are an excellent detective…”
He quietly let out a breath of air and changed the topic.
“I have divulged the whereabouts of the manuscript to MI9 and everything
else. They also mentioned your predicament in passing. Heh, they didn’t
suspect me of lying, nor did they send anyone to watch me. All of them
went to vie for the manuscript. However, with that kind of pressure, no one
can lie.”
Having said that, Ian stood up and gave a deep bow.
“Please allow me to apologize again.
“Sorry to have involved you in this. Actually, you don’t need to hide
anything for me.”
Having understood the entire situation, Klein smiled and said, “No, the
main problem in this matter was because I made a mistake that made me
end up in my current situation.”
As he was listening, he used Ian’s description of the entire situation and his
reflections of the past few days and confirmed that he had made two
mistakes.
When I discovered that Ian’s matter ran deeper than it appeared, I still
accepted the request. That wasn’t a problem since I only felt that it involved
gangs, and there would be, at most, one or two Beyonders who wouldn’t
dare expose themselves. But the divination lacked enough information and
ended with a failure… This was within the limits of what I could’ve resolved
by myself, and typically speaking, there wouldn’t have been any trouble. I
could even take the opportunity to come into contact with Backlund’s
Beyonders.
After finding Zreal’s corpse and confirming that the matter ran deep, I
should’ve considered the sensitivity of my identity and decisively extricated
myself from this case. I should’ve let Ian deal with the subsequent matters
himself. This wouldn’t be problematic and would be a rather careful choice.
One of the mistakes I made was that I didn’t flinch or reveal anything about
Ian when Meursault came to me. I only thought that he was from a gang,
and that there were some Beyonders behind that gang. Who would’ve
guessed that it would involve a figure like the Intis ambassador; even more
so, I never expected Meursault to be so rash. After failing his mission, he
didn’t threaten, intimidate me or proceed with other options. Instead, he
came straight to kill me so that mediumship could be performed. He didn’t
even give me the chance to regret my decision. As a result, my situation
worsened.
So, this isn’t too subjective or too serious a mistake.
The one mistake that really caused me to be in such a passive situation was
a tiny mistake I made from the very beginning. I had rented the house and
accepted the mission as Sherlock Moriarty without donning a disguise!
This resulted in me not being able to flee after my identity as a Beyonder
was exposed to the ambassador. Even as I acted horrified and frantic,
making MI9 and the police department believe that my taking flight would
only be normal, I didn’t dare flee. I was afraid that when the ambassador
failed to find a target for revenge, he would inform the officials about me.
And according to my experience as a Nighthawk, most official enforcers like
the Nighthawks, Machinery Hivemind, and Mandated Punishers harbor
animosity towards uncontrolled Beyonders. They definitely wouldn’t ignore
me just because I’m a Low-Sequence Beyonder and would begin an
investigation.
In time, my looks will be clear evidence. I will then be pursued by High-
Sequence Beyonders from the Church of the Goddess because I resurrected
despite having been involved with a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact.
There’s no chance for such matters to be suddenly forgotten or thought of as
nothing by others. I had to plan for the worst case scenario in advance, and
if I only reacted when the ambassador took action, it would definitely be too
late. Whether it’s an assassination, finding a bodyguard, or buying items,
all of them will require time.
Only if the ambassador and his assistant dies or attention is diverted to the
investigation of his death will I be able to resolve this latent danger. His
assistant doesn’t have an official status, so he can’t interact with the
officials. For a mere Sequence 9 or Sequence 8 at best, someone whose
whereabouts are unknown, there’s no reason to go through the effort to
report me.
Of course, his death is the best outcome, then there won’t be any latent
danger.
Compared to finding Mr. Azik for help or having attention placed on me
because of 0-08 again, as well as being pursued by High-Sequence
Beyonders, assassinating the ambassador is the relatively simpler choice…
Even it fails, I can only bear one of the two outcomes…
Sigh, everything originated from a small oversight at the beginning. I just
imagined that in a metropolis with over 5 million people and few people
knowing me while I deliberately avoided the Nighthawks, there was no need
for me to don a disguise every day, since it would be easier for others to
notice something amiss. Yet, for such a small mistake, I would have to pay
over 10,000 gold pounds as the price without having any guarantee of
resolving it…
I’m really like a Clown, with one mistake triggering a chain reaction, only
to result in a desperate attempt to balance myself so as to please the
audience…
This is all because of my lack of experience. This is the first time in my two
lifetimes combined that I’ve ever been a fugitive.
Once this matter is completely resolved, exposing my identity as a Beyonder
would no longer be that dangerous. They would only think that I obtained a
potion while finding a bodyguard and not doubt my origins. Of course, I’ll
have to get used to wearing glasses and a mustache in the future so that the
people around me will gradually get used to my new image. In the future
when they ask me about me, they will only think of this new image.
Having thought through the entire matter, Klein’s laugh became more
pronounced, making Ian feel strange.
“It’s time for me to leave. I’ll need to disappear for a while; otherwise, I
might be thrown into jail.” Ian put on his hat, bade farewell, and left.
Klein didn’t stop him, watching him disappear into the crimson moonlight,
while the woman by the oriel window had disappeared without him
realizing it.