Chapter 1154

I“ll Give You a Chance
The path that was formed by dusk didn’t seem to contain anything, but after
Amon and Klein landed one after another, they didn’t continue falling, as
though they were walking on the ground.
This time, Amon didn’t “steal” the distance. Instead, “He” “brought” Klein
along as they approached the majestic projection of the Giant King’s Court.
From time to time, “He” would observe and admire the beautiful scenery.
Walking above the sea of clouds, they walked along a sunset bridge with the
legendary palace in the distance. It was supposed to be a joyful and
refreshing matter, but Klein felt as though he was walking into the Abyss,
doing so one step at a time. The more he struggled, the deeper he fell.
Once he entered the Forsaken Land of the Gods, many things that he relied
on would be useless.
Before long, Amon and Klein arrived at the projection of the Giant King’s
Court and stood in front of the tallest building.
On one side of the building was a steeple, and on the other side was a spire.
The main door was far more than ten meters tall, with it being mainly a
grayish-blue color. It was covered with symbols, labels, and patterns. It was
where the Giant King lived, the place where Dark Angel Sasrir slept.
Klein glanced at the pitch-black hole to the left of the door, roughly
determining that the door in the dream didn’t need a key to open.
Otherwise, the True Creator’s believers wouldn’t have been able to pass
through. After all, the actual key back then was in Vice Admiral Iceberg’s
collection room.
“Next, we’ll be able to enter the Forsaken Land of the Gods once the door
is opened. However, we’ll definitely attract the attention of others by doing
so.” Amon chortled and took a few steps diagonally to the edge of the door.
“We won’t open the door, but instead directly head over.”
As “He” spoke, the Angel of Time raised “His” hand to adjust “His”
monocle.
A dark blue color appeared in the corner of the grayish-blue door. It was an
illusory door without any sense of being corporeal.
“The ‘Door Opening’ power of an Apprentice is a very low-level ability, but
it’s perfect when used here.” Amon lowered “His” right hand and
introduced in satisfaction.
Taking two steps, “He” passed through the illusory door.
Hmm, there are no useless Beyonder powers, only useless Beyonders… If I
directly push the door open, I’ll draw the attention of others… But from
who? The True Creator? “His” holy residence, “His” divine kingdom
should be somewhere in the Forsaken Land of the Gods… If I can lure
“Him” over and let “Him” clash with Amon, I might be able to find a
chance to escape… Without any ability to control himself, Klein followed
behind Amon without leaving much of a gap, stepping into the blurry dark
blue door.
The moment he stepped through, he felt the world spin around him. Even
his spirituality seemed to be tom apart.
After the abnormality disappeared and his condition was restored, he
realized that he was on a beach that was soaked in the glow of the sunset.
The sand and stones here were all black in color. Deep blue waves surged
over from afar as they crashed into the coast, one wave after another, but
they didn’t produce any sounds like they should have.
They were quiet, like a grand illusion.
This sea is an illusion… Coming in would probably result in one appearing
here, but it’s not necessarily the case for leaving… According to the
principle of reciprocity, if one wants to leave, they can only open the
residence of the Giant King, where Dark Angel Sasrir is in deep sleep? With
a sudden realization, Klein turned his head and looked in another direction.
It was a mountain bathed in dusk. On it were countless palaces, towers, and
many majestic city walls.
This was the legendary Giant King’s Court.
Even if the City of Silver could find a path that leads to the beach, it would
be meaningless… From the corner of his eye, he saw that Amon had
changed his image.
“He” wore a black classical robe and a pointed hat of the same color. He
changed from being a gentleman from the present era to an ancient mage
that originated from the Fourth or even the Third Epoch.
With a thought, Klein continued looking at the Giant King’s Court which
wasn’t too far away. He casually said, “Dark Angel Sasrir is sleeping in the
palace of the Giant King.”
Amon stood to his side as “He” looked in the same direction and said
without any change in expression, “I know.
“I’ve entered the Giant King’s Court and even visited the graves of
Aurmir’s parents.”
As expected… One of Klein’s guesses was finally confirmed.
He deliberated and said, “What answers you searching for1?”
“You can make a guess.” Amon continued looking at the Giant King’s Court
and laughed.
If I had any idea, I wouldn’t need to ask you… After thinking for a few
seconds, he said, “Some secrets of the First Epoch?”
You can say that,” Amon replied without much concern.
Klein hesitated for a moment before saying, “Aren’t you curious about Dark
Angel Sasrir’s condition?”
“I am.” Amon didn’t change the direction of “His” gaze as “He” said with a
smile, “But compared to me, there are still many people who are more
interested in that: my zealous brother, The Hanged Man, the Dragon of
Betrayal, as well as Evernight, Storm, and White. I want to see who’s the
first one who isn’t able to hold back. Heh heh, if I can steal everything of
importance inside at the critical moment, ‘Their’ expressions will definitely
be very interesting.”
This thought… The reason for stirring up such a huge matter was purely to
cause trouble, to gain some excitement? Klein frowned slightly and realized
that Amon’s values were different from that of humans.
This is a natural Mythical Creature… Completely different from humans…
Eh, why can I frown on my own… Just as he came to a realization, he
sensed that something was missing in his body.
He subconsciously turned his head to look at Blasphemer Amon.
There was a semi-translucent Worm of Time with twelve rings in Amon’s
hand. “He” smiled as “He” looked into Klein’s eyes and said with some
anticipation, “Since we’ve already arrived at the Forsaken Land of the
Gods, there’s no need to worry about external interference. I’ll give you a
chance.
“Before I reach my true destination, I will no longer “Parasitize” you. You
can use every method that you can think of to escape, and I will try my best
to stop you.
“Good luck. Don’t disappoint me.”
For a moment, Klein couldn’t believe what Amon had just said. He
suspected that Amon was bluffing him.
But when he thought of Amon’s behavior all this while, he felt that it was
something that was in line with “His” character.
“Alright.” As his thoughts raced, he took a deep breath and solemnly
replied under the orange glow of the sunset.
Backlund, Parliament House.
Due to King George Ill’s sudden self-destruction, none of the nobles and
Members of Parliament were allowed to return to their respective homes.
Instead, they were gathered here to receive heavy protection from the three
Churches and the military.
Dressed in a pure black dress, Audrey stood behind the railing on the
second floor and quietly looked down.
As the matter had happened too suddenly and lacked any prior warning, she
still found it surreal despite receiving some indication from The World
Gehrman Sparrow.
She seemed to have transcended reality and was watching a performance.
Her father, brother, and the other nobles and Members of Parliament were
gathered in cliques as they occupied different small rooms. From time to
time, one would walk out of the small room, bringing with them the stench
of smoke and their gentlemanly attire as they rushed to another discussion
circle.
The ladies and madams sat in the lounge. Most of them had yet to return to
their senses as their eyes were dazed and their bodies trembling.
The parliamentary staff and the military’s middle and low-ranking officers
were running about everywhere, transmitting information from different
places.
A soldier dressed in a red shirt and white pants walked in from the outside
and handed a stack of paper to the officer in charge of the hall. The officer
glanced at it and immediately called for his assistant. He pointed at the
small room where Earl Hall and the rest were in. Without asking anything,
the adjutant took the documents and ran towards his destination.
All of this happened in a very quiet environment. Only the sound of
footsteps and faint whispers echoed in the air. It was as if it was a huge oil
painting drawn on the canvas of the real world. The gorgeous decorations,
dark colors, dim lights, and the expressions on everyone’s faces created an
extremely heavy atmosphere.
Audrey pursed her lips slightly and looked at it for a while. Her mood was
still at a nadir, and she only managed to maintain her calm by relying on
Placate.
Why would Mr. World deal with the king…
The death of the King will definitely bring deep hatred…
It doesn’t matter what Sequence the King is, because he has never shown it.
This doesn’t affect the overall strength of the kingdom, but this incident is
enough to explain one thing: The three Churches, royal family, and military
have fractured apart. The internal strife is quite serious…
The situation with Loen will be very dangerous. Its enemies will definitely
not let this opportunity go… As her thoughts raced, she saw a man in a
black coat rush into Parliament House.
He suppressed his voice and started talking to the officer in charge of the
lobby.
As an experienced Spectator who could observe the subtle expressions and
body language, reading lips was undoubtedly Audrey’s strength. As she
watched, she interpreted the corresponding content:
Intis has used the excuse of conflict in the borders of the Homacis mountain
range to gather a large number of troops there.
Audrey bit her lip lightly as that familiar feeling of not belonging there
arose again. It was as if she had seen a novel’s description play out in the
real world.
The grayness of the sky seemed to grow thicker. No one spoke in the house
where the Morettis lived.
Benson stood behind the oriel window with a solemn expression as he
looked at the people rushing down the streets.
It was unknown what he was thinking.
Melissa sat on the sofa beside the coffee table. She lowered her head and
looked at the crude machinery she made. It was as if she had become a
statue.
“Sigh, the situation has become even more chaotic.” Benson exhaled as he
touched his hairline. He turned his head back and forced a smile.
“Regardless, Backlund is definitely safer than most places.”
Melissa didn’t raise her head. Instead, she said with an ethereal voice,
“Klein found a good job, and our lives gradually improved. In the end, an
accident took him away…
“We moved out of Tingen, and you got a job as a civil servant. I entered
university and started on the correct path. In the end, war broke out…
“It wasn’t easy for us to get used to this environment. We were praying that
the war would end early. In the end, the king was blown to pieces…”
Having said that, Melissa slowly lifted her head and looked at her brother
with a confused expression.
“Benson, is it that difficult to obtain and maintain a better life than what we
had before?”