Chapter 522

: Colony
The quality of sickleback’s meat was certainly not as good as that of murloc
meat, but the spices synergized to form clear layered flavors which Klein
was rather delighted to have tasted. He just couldn’t stop himself from
eating after the first bite.
Actually, there are some local Beyonders who wish to leave this dangerous
circle and lead a normal life. It’s completely possible for them to head to
Backlund and open a Rorsted-cuisine restaurant, selling grilled fish as their
specialty. With the city’s acceptance for many things, their business
definitely wouldn’t be bad. The only problem is that many spices aren’t as
cheap as they are here. The cost will be very high, and a location has to be
chosen to cater to the target group… Klein put down his rather crude
chopsticks and wiped his mouth with a napkin, letting his mind wander.
In his view, commoners were unable to find the means to get rich, mostly
because they didn’t have enough vision. However, one’s vision was also
limited by the education they received and their daily experiences. Bound
by social class, it was really hard to escape from it and break through this
limitation. The most effective way was to strive for a higher level of
education, and the second was to take risks and head out on an adventure.
Of course, the risk was huge, and many people vanished silently while
taking this path.
Klein spent 2 soli and 5 pence for this meal, which wasn’t cheap, but he had
always been willing to spend money on good food. Besides, his main
expenses had been paid for by Danitz recently.
Pulling at his collar, putting on his hat, and holding his black cane, he
walked out of Old John’s Restaurant, just in time to see a police officer
driving a tramp out of the street.
The natives of the Rorsted Archipelago had darker skin than the people of
the Southern Continent. It was close to the kind of bronze which was often
a result of exposure to the sun. Their hair was mostly dark and naturally
curled ever so slightly. They were quite different from the colonists from
the Loen Kingdom.
It has been less than fifty years since the place had been completely
colonized. At first, Loen had worked with the local kings and chieftains,
under the name of the Mid Sonia Company to extract economic benefits,
but later, the management of the company quickly fell into corruption as
they fought for power, even provoking the enemy for personal gain by
starting a war. Even what was even more absurd was that they would report
each other, claiming that their competitors had received bribes. With
regards to this, they would find a Member of Parliament backing them.
During parliamentary hearings, they would attack each other, something
that nearly resulted in suits 1 .
The natives would never have imagined that the powerful figures, who
could make their kings and chieftains bend over, kiss the soles of their
shoes, and deliver carts and carts of gifts, were actually unimportant people
who weren’t even Members of Parliament in Backlund. Although most of
them came from noble families, they were at the end of the line of any
inheritance rights.
After that dispute, the King and the Prime Minister agreed to redeem the
stock, shut down the Mid Sonia Company, and to send their fleet and troops
to take over the Rorsted Archipelago in full force, bringing them under true
colonial rule.
At present, the archipelago was governed by the governor-general’s office,
Parliament, and the Courts. The upper echelons were all Loenese, and some
of the middle-ranking personnel were Members of Parliament and court
magistrates who were descendants of the original kings and chieftains. As
for the low-ranking positions, they were opened to the educated natives of
the region. This included police officers below that of superintendents.
It was a native policeman who was driving off the tramp with a baton, and
his target similarly was of distinct Rorsted descent.
As soon as the policeman saw Klein in his double-breasted frock coat, half
top hat, and black, civilized cane, he immediately put away his baton,
straightened up, held his feet together, and saluted.
“Good afternoon, sir.
“How may I help you?”
Klein felt mixed emotions as he gently nodded.
“Are there no carriages here?”
“According to the regulations of the governor-general’s office, carriages
aren’t allowed to enter this street. You’ll have to walk to the street ahead,”
the policeman explained with both fear and enthusiasm.
“Thank you.” Klein casually praised him, “You speak good Loenese.”
The policeman was so pleasantly surprised that he became excited.
“I think—I think that this is an essential quality that a good policeman
should possess.”
He originally wanted to say that he felt that he too was Loenese, but he was
afraid the gentleman across him would end up angry.
Klein secretly sighed and slowly walked to the corner of the street.
Along the way, he saw that the local style of clothing was very different
from that of mainland cities such as Backlund and Tingen. It was even
different from ports such as Damir and Bansy, which had been colonized
for more than two hundred years.
A decent man from Loen, dressed in a formal suit, wearing a top hat and a
tie, and holding onto a civilized cane. This made the people around him
subservient, afraid to look him in the eye or touch him. The rest of the
natives or mixed-bloods liked matching a thick jacket with baggy pants,
along with a cap from the mainland. They didn’t like black, and they
preferred the colors: brown, tawny, and light gray. To Klein, this was indeed
a little strange, but it also gave him a feeling of coming to a foreign country.
Of course, the natives of higher standing and those of mixed-blood also
mimicked the dressing style of Loen, believing that this was a sign of
civilization.
…
2 p.m., Swordfish Bar, an accepted gathering spot for adventurers.
There weren’t many customers, so Klein easily made his way through the
tables to the bar.
He discovered that what was different from the other places was that there
were three blackboards on the side of the bar that were supported by
wooden shelves. Sitting on them were yellowing notices in white, with a
variety of content, strange and varied. Some were hiring bodyguards, some
were seeking help in finding people, some were investigating the situation
on a particular island, and some were offering a high reward for the head of
a particular pirate, while others claimed that they had obtained a treasure
map and wanted to form a team. In short, the affairs that had been divided
up between the private detectives and security companies in the Loen
Kingdom still belonged to the adventurers here.
“A glass of Zarhar.” Klein tapped the surface of the bar counter.
It was a local malt beer, cheap and tasty, with a unique taste. It was loved by
adventurers, something Klein had learned from Blazing Danitz.
“Three pence.” The bartender casually glanced at the customer, not showing
any change in his attitude because of the stranger’s unfamiliar face.
With a beer in hand, Klein sat in a high chair in front of the bar, sipping bit
by bit as he quietly listened to the drinkers around him. Through their
conversations, he searched for a worthy target.
After nearly an hour, when the number of people in the bar increased, Klein
finally heard something that might be useful.
His spirit was jolted and he became increasingly focused.
There were four people sitting at the table less than three meters away from
him. They were feeling sorry for a man named Wendt.
“I always thought Wendt was out at sea. I didn’t expect him to be at home.
He’s very sick.”
“Sigh, if I had knocked on his door two days earlier, he wouldn’t have died.
You don’t know how terrifying the room was. Mushrooms were growing on
his body in huge swaths of white.”
“Dogshit!” Stop it! Can’t you see I’m eating sausages?”
“Yes, yes, yes. Wendt’s room was filled with bugs, moths, flies, butterflies,
bees, and cockroaches. Holy Lord of Storms, I couldn’t believe this was a
place where a human can live. Even the police who came later were
stunned!”
…
As the conversation passed into his ears, Klein slightly frowned, feeling that
Wendt’s death wasn’t normal. Within a few days of his death, his corpse
was already filled with mushrooms, and insects were crawling all over the
room.
Something Beyonder related? With such an anomaly, the police would
definitely report the matter to the Mandated Punisher team… It sounds like
it happened three or four days ago. The things that needed to be taken care
of should’ve been dealt with already… Klein seriously considered whether
he should pay a visit to take a look. At the very least, the man called Wendt
was a lone adventurer in Bayam. None of his peers wished to help him
transmit the news of his death.
After listening for a long time, he gained a rough idea of where the place
Wendt rented was. It was at the nearby 47 Blackhorn Street.
Having finished drinking the last drop of the Zarhar beer, Klein put on his
hat, left the bar, and headed for the apartment.
After entering the door, he half-closed his eyes and murmured to himself,
“The room that recently had someone die in.”
He repeated the statement seven times in a row, used his cane to quickly
and easily arrive outside the room where Wendt used to live.
It hadn’t been rented out yet, and the anomaly inside had already been dealt
with. There seemed to be nothing wrong with it.
Klein put away the note he had used to open the door, locked the door
behind him, and walked around carefully.
After confirming the situation, he took out extract, essential oils, herbs,
powders, and special candles, and he quickly set up a spirit channeling
ritual in front of the bed.
Although it had been several days, making it only possible for him to obtain
the most superficial, disjointed, and remnant bits of information, Klein
thought that it was better to have some than nothing.
Without a doubt, he prayed to himself and entered the space above the gray
fog. He responded and gave himself the power to channel the spirit.
The flame of the candle suddenly soared, tinged with a ghostly blue as it
swayed.
Klein only felt everything fall silent, as if he had entered a realm that didn’t
belong to reality.
His pupils were completely black, and even the whites of his eyes had been
expelled.
He no longer needed to use the technique of dream divination. Having
advanced to Faceless, with the help of the gray fog that made an initial
entry into the real world, he was able to directly see the lingering
spirituality of Wendt, a will that refused to dissipate.
There were three scenes. One was of a tall, thin, dark, curly-haired, sharp-
featured Wendt coming to the body of a discarded corpse, astonished to see
a glimmer from it before it condensed into a green gem filled with an aura
of vitality. The second scene was of Wendt lying on his bed with his eyes
closed, his mouth slightly open. His skin was covered with mushrooms of
all kinds, the surrounding cockroaches and moths piled on top of each other,
and on his chest, a silver necklace embedded with the same green gem from
before. The third scene was of a pretty girl with flaxen-colored hair sitting
at the edge of the sea with her eyes slightly moist. Lingering around her was
Wendt’s reluctant voice.
“Raine, I’m about to die. I’m really regretful, regretful that I never told you
that I love you. I want you to marry me…”
The picture shattered, and the spirit channeling came to an end. Klein
looked around and saw that the house was still dark and gloomy.
This fellow is truly unlucky… Klein shook his head and sighed.
He already had a rough idea of the cause of Wendt’s death—his random act
of picking up something.
The vast majority of Beyonders didn’t know about the Law of Beyonder
Characteristics Conservation and Indestructibility, and they had never
thought that the deceased of their kind would be able to release a
characteristic that could become an ingredient. As this process was
relatively slow, it was easy for them to be missed. Therefore, after killing a
Beyonder, they would usually search the corpse and throw it away, making
passersby like Wendt to luck out or some other creatures at the bottom of
the sea or in the wilderness.
Wendt didn’t know that it was a Beyonder characteristic, and he had
thought it to be a magical gem; thus, he made a necklace and kept it close to
his body. Slowly, he was corrupted by the influence and died in agony.