Chapter 866

: Home
Upon hearing Miss Justice’s greeting, The Fool Klein suddenly had a strong
wistful feeling.
After knowing her identity, status, looks, and situation, he had a deeper
understanding as to why Audrey’s tone had a happy and radiant air. He
understood where they essentially came from, but he didn’t end up envious
or jealous because of that, nor did he believe that she lacked the toughness
that was brought about by misery. Instead, he felt that in this world that had
chaos, warped, and madness underlying it, having such a lady exist was
really nice.
A smile surfaced on his face as he gently nodded as an acknowledgment of
Miss Justice’s greeting.
After the Tarot Club members exchanged greetings, Cattleya nudged her
glasses and turned her body sideways. She bowed in the direction of the
blurry figure that was enveloped by gray fog at the end of the long bronze
table.
“Honorable Mr. Fool, there are three diary pages this time.”
Queen Mystic has finally come online again… Klein lampooned and said
with a smile, “Very good.”
A few seconds later, Cattleya conjured the diary pages after receiving
approval before seeing them “leap” into Mr. Fool’s hands.
Klein glanced at it casually when his heart skipped a beat.
He realized that the diary pages provided by Queen Mystic depicted
Emperor Roselle’s early days. It didn’t seem to contain anything important.
Logically speaking, when being unable to distinguish the importance of
entries, one will definitely prioritize the later diary entries. This would best
restore the mystery as to why Emperor Roselle was “agitated”… I believe
Queen Mystic is sufficiently clever… As Klein wondered to himself
inwardly, he began seriously reading the first page.
“21st September. Arrived at St. Millom. I’ve officially begun my first state
visit.
“Feysac’s weather is really a little cold. It’s not even October and it looks
like it’s about to snow. It’s no wonder it’s famous for its various coats and
winter wear. As well as its liquor!
“F*ck, the people here are ridiculously tall. As expected of a country that
descended from giants. However, I have to say that I hate it when people
look down on me!
“Tonight, I’ll be going to a bar to find a Feysac beauty to share some
drinks!”
Upon reading this, Klein suddenly suspected if Queen Mystic Bernadette’s
question was if she had a brother of Feysac descent.
Holding back his tsking inwardly, Klein swept his gaze to the second diary
entry.
“22nd September. I think I blacked out…
“What happened last night? What happened to my Feysac beauty? I actually
lost out to her in drinking!
“The embassy staff told me that the women here are often better at drinking
than men…
“I should show some temperance when I head to bars in the future. I sure
don’t want some ugly, middle-aged woman to do unspeakable things to me
when I black out…
“The alcohol here sure is strong. My headache has lasted an entire day.
Thankfully, my stomach doesn’t hurt. I should sleep early. I’ll be visiting
the Great Twilight Hall tomorrow.”
“23rd September. The Great Twilight Hall is indeed grand. It’s like a myth
materializing into reality. That building seems to be completely prepared for
giants.
“Since I don’t share their faith, I could only circle the perimeter. The square
at the bottom of the Great Twilight Hall is also filled with the fragrance of
alcohol!
“There were plenty of people there, some kneeling, some sitting, others
playing musical instruments. They exude a rather relaxed and open feeling.
“I got to know a Feysacian who blows a bone flute. Compared to his
kinsmen, he’s ridiculously tall. He’s roughly three meters tall.
“His name is Honegger, and he claims to be from one of the clans in Feysac
that have the purest giant bloodline. The way he plays the bone flute looks
very sorrowful, as though he doesn’t belong here but has no idea where to
go to. Compared to the skirt chasers at Intis, he’s a lot more like a poet.
Now that I mention it, I really can’t help but give some criticism. Those
guys seem to wear any sexual diseases as a badge of honor. It just messes
up the entire social market!
“I had a chat with Honegger for a while and raised my question from
before. He said that he’s only homesick.
“But the problem lies in the fact that he’s a true blue native from St.
Millom. He has never left this place before.
“Honegger didn’t immediately reply to me as he played the bone flute for a
few more minutes. He later told me that he misses the origins of the giant
bloodline, the Giant King’s Court mentioned in myths.
“He told me that he and his clan of Feysacians often dream of tall
mountains that are used as giant city walls. It’s a palace forever bathed in
twilight’s glow, with tall towers and other kinds of buildings. It resembles
the Great Twilight Hall, but it’s even more fascinating, epic, and
miraculous.
“Without anyone needing to tell them, Honegger and his clansmen believe
that it’s the Giant King’s Court.
“Towards the end of our conversation, Honegger slowly stood up and
thanked me for listening. He was going to leave Feysac to seek out the
Giant King’s Court, to find the home of his soul.
“He believed that in the zone at the easternmost front of the Sonia Sea,
there might be a path that leads to the Giant King’s Court.
“He said that a millennia has passed, but the giants have never forgotten
their home. Now, it’s his turn to follow the footsteps of his ancestors. This
path would never stop until the destination is reached.
“He played the bone flute again and gradually left amidst that ethereal and
sorrowful tune.
“Home…”
Home… Upon reading this, Klein felt for the first time that his feelings
resonated with the emperor.
Although Roselle only wrote the word that seemed to repeat without
describing his feelings, Klein could understand the undulating feelings
within the emperor. This was because he and Roselle were like Honegger.
They had a home they belonged to spiritually.
Sighing inwardly, Klein flipped to the second diary page.
“10th January. Visited Sonia Island.
“This place is also called Ancient Elf Island. It has plenty of elvish ruins
and customs left over.
“I was surprised on the first day. The elves actually make ‘blood cake,’ and
they enjoy eating animal organs and are good at using spices.
“They even invented chopsticks?
“Thinking about the elvish depictions on the murals, apart from their blue
hair, their facial contours and eyes are similar to Asians on Earth. Could
they be my fellow countryman?”
Yes, back then, I had such suspicions as well. However, it’s impossible for so
many people to transmigrate at once since it’s almost an entire race. I felt
that I was overthinking matters… But it doesn’t make sense that the customs
and cutlery that appears on Earth won’t appear here… Klein thought in
interest as he quickly continued reading. He wanted to know if Roselle had
gotten to the bottom of it.”
“13th January. I’ve been so busy searching for writings, relics, and folk
tales that I forgot to write my diary for a few days.
“Although many objects have been taken away by the various Churches,
I’ve still obtained something of value.
“Various legends have it that Elf King Soniathrym created chopsticks.
There are records of ‘Him’ using animal organs and blood to cook
delicacies. There are stories of this ancient god being good at identifying
and using spices. It’s acknowledged that ‘He’ is their founding ancestor, the
first elf. Due to certain reasons, ‘He’ led the race and left the Western
Continent that only existed in legends, bringing them to the Northern
Continent.
“Could it be that this is a fellow countryman of mine, a transmigrator?
“‘He’ later produced an entire race? There’s nothing ancient gods can’t do,
including having children?
“‘He’ apparently had a wife who was also an elf. Hmm… I’ll need to think
this through.”
“16th January. After further investigation, elves might really have nothing
to do with transmigrators. At the very least, they didn’t leave behind any
Chinese, English, or other symbols.
“They have likely been using Elvish all the time. Nothing of it gives me a
sense of familiarity.
“Furthermore, the inventions we have in common didn’t appear before I
came. Likewise for famous quotes. There are only proverbs and idioms with
similar meanings but with a completely different choice of words.
“From all the items and legends I have now, none of them support my
theory. This is a little disappointing, but it also makes me relieved. If I were
to encounter another transmigrator or other transmigrators, I really have no
idea how to face them.”
“17th January. I dreamed of the home I’ve nearly forgotten.”
Indeed, the emperor more or less gave up on that theory… Klein flipped to
the next page and saw the final diary entry.
“2nd April. My daughter is smart. She can speak before the age of one!
Although she has only learned a few words, I believe that her subsequent
development can’t be slow!
“She must have inherited this from me!
“No matter how I look, she looks a little like how I looked like on Earth.
Could it be that a soul will also bring about some level of inheritance?
Haha, I’ll just treat it as so.
“Bernadette, this name is quite good. It sounds beautiful, but deep in my
heart, I keep having the urge to give her a Chinese nickname.
“Sigh, she won’t get to see her real grandmother and grandfather…”
“3rd April. I suffered from insomnia last night because of the wistful
thoughts I suddenly had yesterday. Thankfully, I know Cogitation.
“However, this also made me consider a problem. That is whether I should
secretly teach Bernadette Chinese.
“No, I can’t. If she were to understand the diary entries her father had
previously written, I’d rather kill myself! In my daughter’s heart, her father
is filled with honor.
“However, using Chinese to write my diary is my final tether to Earth and
my past. My daughter should inherit this tether to a certain extent.”
“6th April. After a few days of consideration, I’ve decided to teach
Bernadette two Chinese characters as though they are special symbols. I’ll
tell her that this is a protective incantation that her father is giving her and
that she is to remember it forever.
“She doesn’t need to know the corresponding meaning. All she needs to do
is to remember it.
“The word in Chinese is:
“Home.”
Home… Klein repeated this word again as he felt his eyes redden a little.
He finally understood why Queen Mystic had chosen these three diary
pages. This was because it was the protective symbol her father had left her.
“Home.”
At this moment, Klein seemed to see a river of emotions. Its surface was
flowing silently, but there were infinite eddies flowing underneath, churning
without end.
Klein retracted his gaze and made the diary pages disappear. Looking up at
Cattleya, he asked, “What’s your question?”