Chapter 1377

Crazy Ravings
Countless demonesses of varying sizes brought with them the destruction of
all matter, causing the scene of the entire Hornacis mountain range to
develop in the direction of turning into a huge stone sphere.
This made the dilapidated walls of the ancient palace collapse rapidly,
exposing Klein, who was in the middle of the hall, along with his avatar and
marionette out into the middle of the astral world.
Just as the python-like black tentacles were about to rush into the palace, a
crimson moon rose up like a scene from the apocalypse.
In the perimeter of the hall that was bathed in moonlight, a cluster of wheat
instantly grew out. There were flowers, mushrooms, and trees. They
intertwined with each other, layer by layer, sealing the palace that belonged
to Antigonus.
At that moment, the hall where Klein was in seemed to be a ruin that had
been sealed in history and a forest for thousands of years, as though it had
been swallowed up by nature.
The python-like black tentacles with eyes on their tips were blocked by
plants growing wildly.
They rose up as they constantly struck the “screen” that originated from
nature, causing the latter to collapse or peel under layer after layer of
petrification effects.
However, no matter whether it was the wheat, flowers, mushrooms, trees, or
newborns, they quickly returned to Earth Mother’s embrace and grew again.
Just like that, the barriers of nature were reborn and destroyed, layer by
layer, as layer after layer was reborn. This showdown entered a stalemate.
Earth Mother, who controlled The Moon’s Uniqueness, fended off
Primordial Demoness Cheek.
At this moment, a “light” that couldn’t be seen by most Beyonders landed
from high above and crashed into the barrier of nature that used plants as a
foundation.
The light didn’t have a physical body, as though it was formed from a flux
of massive and miscellaneous information. In its illusory form, it tore
through the gaps between the plants, like a torrent, heading straight for
Klein, who was about to retrieve the translucent mask.
Hidden Sage!
At this moment, a blurry light shot out from the void, revealing picture-like
projections around Klein.
Some of them recorded the helplessness and misery humans felt when
facing supernatural beings. Some of them used an epic-like brush to reenact
the scenes of humans using their own bodies as experiments to attempt
fusing with Beyonder ingredients to obtain strength and save the race. Some
described the unique cultures and traditions due to a Black Emperor, while
others carried various viewpoints, books, and inventions. Some resembled
the dawn of the present world, starting from the massive machinery that
spewed steam, buildings that rose higher and higher, and clothes that made
movement easier…
The contents made the seemingly thin painting exude a heaviness. This was
because they bore the inspiration and development of civilization, of human
society at different stages.
Back then, the God of Craftsmanship didn’t properly digest the Sequence 1
Civilization Enlightener potion before advancing to Sequence o due to
various reasons. “He” maintained “His” rationality and lucidity. However,
this made “Him” have to focus more on resisting the madness and
inclination towards losing control. Amongst the seven orthodox gods, “He”
was slightly weaker than the other existences.
The reason why the Church of Steam was the weakest orthodox
organization was that, apart from having the shortest history and the least
heritage, its corresponding god was also not in the best of conditions.
By the time Roselle raised the Industrial Revolution as the Son of Steam, a
member of the Church, and brought with him all sorts of ideas, the God of
Craftsmanship took the opportunity to change “His” name to the God of
Steam and Machinery, sharing in the progress of the enlightenment of
civilization, and digested the corresponding potion. As a true god in a
neighboring pathway, “He” eventually chose to stand on the orthodox
deities’ side after the Hidden Sage chose to be Klein’s enemy. The terrifying
flood of information crashed into the illusory pictures and rapidly
expanded, attempting to crack the cage.
However, the tens of thousands of years of civilizations were thick and vast.
The history left behind by generations of humans that numbered hundreds
of millions was so vast and magnificent. It was enough to contain the
information flux of the Hidden Sage. When the Hidden Sage tried breaking
through the limitations of the God of Steam and Machinery, in the hall of
the Antigonus hall that was sealed by layers of plants, Klein extended his
slippery and strange tentacles to grab the translucent mask that represented
The Fool’s Uniqueness before moving it towards his face.
Just as the mask covered Klein’s face, numerous figures appeared around
him.
Some of them were men wearing postman uniforms. Some were ordinary
birds, while others were microbes that couldn’t be seen with the naked eye.
There were hundreds or thousands of them.
The hall that only had corpses hanging in the air suddenly became crowded.
And the commonality of these figures was that they wore crystal monocles,
or had a circular emblem of different colors in the same position.
Amon!
The avatars of Mr. Error Amon!
It was unknown if “They” had used the Primordial Demoness’s or the
Hidden Sage’s attacks to open a back door and use a loophole to secretly
arrive near the target.
Looking at Klein, who had just put on the translucent mask and was
beginning to accommodate The Fool’s Uniqueness, these Amons revealed a
“smile” at the same time. “They’ open “Their” mouths and said words that
ordinary people wouldn’t be capable of understanding.
These words intertwined and formed terrifying and crazy ravings:
“You overlooked the Primordial Demoness…
“For ‘Her,’ Medici, who has only recovered to Sequence 1, is no threat at
all…
“Her” greatest wish right now is to immediately produce a Lord of the
Mysteries and open the seal of the Western Continent, allowing ‘Her’ to
have a chance of finding the City of Calamity…
“It’s obvious that, compared to you, I’m the better choice. You’re too
weak…
“Heh heh, are you still waiting for the Mother Tree of Desire or the Mother
Goddess of Depravity to provide you with help?
“It’s useless. I placed the first Blasphemy Slate into the Fog Sea and placed
it near the Abyss’s entrance—not far from that primitive island.
“Also, the enhanced seal brought about by the corresponding authority of
‘doors’ and half of the Lord of the Astral World’s control towards the world
barrier prevents any Outer Deity from being able to have ‘Their’ powers
penetrate inside for a short period…
“And without the influence of the Outer Deities, the Dark Side of the
Universe and the Chained God currently do not wish to interfere in the
battle of gods. ‘They’ would rather seize this opportunity to escape ‘Their
restraints.
“”They’ also wish that a Lord of the Mysteries would be born as soon as
possible to help ‘Them’ escape from the predicament… If it wasn’t for the
fact that stirring ‘Them’ would also trigger the Outer Deity corruption in
‘Them,’ I can promise you that I would’ve already reached an agreement
with ‘Them’ to deal with you together…”
Amon was deliberately using real information to fill up the ravings, using
this to make Klein suffer the effects of a two-pronged approach -one was
the mental corruption brought about by the ravings, and the other was the
corresponding content that distracted him.
In any case, it wasn’t a waste of time to “Him.” On the one hand, “He” had
sufficient avatars. Each Worm of Time saying one word was enough for
“Him” to form many words. On the other hand, “He” forcefully fused the
information together, making a single word represent many things.
At that instant, the ravings of Amon echoed in Klein’s mind like sharp
blades that pierced through his psyche, tearing through his mind.
Normally, Klein could use his own status to suppress the ravings that were
at most at the level of a Sequence 1. It wouldn’t affect him, but at this
moment, he was accommodating The Fool’s Uniqueness. His mental state
was in a weak and subtle balance.
Under such a scene, a straw might crush the camel’s back, much less so
many of Amon’s avatars.
Furthermore, while Klein felt a sharp pain in his psyche and his self-
awareness was in a mess, the sleeping mental imprint of Antigonus and the
will of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings showed
signs of awakening.
In a sense, eternal slumber was an extreme seal. The Amons, who had
accommodated Door’s Uniqueness, could undoubtedly be able to weaken
the seal or even make it lose its effectiveness!
Also, the translucent mask that Klein had just worn on his face—The Fool’s
Uniquenessobtained an even stronger remnant will from the Celestial
Worthy of Heaven and Earth for Blessings. It was also gradually breaking
free from the influence of eternal slumber, and it had a certain resonance
effect with the same being in Klein’s body.
Without using any Beyonder powers, the Amons, who had simply created a
few ravings, had thrown Klein into a state of imbalance, and he was on the
brink of losing control.
Furthermore, all of this seemed irreversible unless there was more river
water from the River of Eternal Darkness that allowed Antigonus’s mental
imprint and the even more powerful will of the Celestial Worthy of Heaven
and Earth for Blessings to continue sleeping
But at this moment, even if there was still the river water of the River of
Eternal Darkness, the Evernight Goddess wasn’t able to divert “Her”
attention. This was because “She” was trying her best to suppress the dual-
pathway true god, Amon.
From this point of view, the Amons were deliberately “sacrificing” “Their”
true body to stall the Evernight Goddess, to create an opportunity for the
avatars to destroy Klein’s ritual.
This was a little risky, but the result looked pretty good.
At that moment, Klein’s pocket lit up.
The light was a pale golden color like sticky syrup. It instantly enveloped
the surrounding area.
Illuminated by this light included Klein and his avatar, as well as the book
that was suddenly thrown over by the distant marionette.
0-02, Trunsoest Brass Book!
The Sealed Artifact extended its “body” in midair. As it bathed in the pale-
golden light, a rule suddenly appeared on the blank page. It was completely
different from the repeated laws from before:
“Speaking is prohibited here!”
Amon’s avatars kept opening and closing “Their” mouths, but they could no
longer make a sound.
A line appeared under the previous rule an instant later:
“Attacking each other is prohibited here!”
Pa! The Trunsoest Brass Book fell to the ground and spread open by Klein’s
feet.
Under the illumination of the Magic Wishing Lamp, it actually managed to
break free from the repeated cycle from before, and it set up rules that were
beneficial to Klein.
With just a glance, the Amons made different responses.
A portion of “Them” adjusted “Their” monocles, and together, “They”
raised “Their” right hands and gently clenched it, using the corresponding
authority to strengthen the seal.
On the Trunsoest Brass Book, a line of text before those rules gradually
formed:
“All the following rules are ineffective…” Another portion of Amons
locked onto Klein, who was on the boundary of losing control. Not being
able to attack him didn’t mean that stealing and gifting were prohibited!