Chapter 907

: The Power of Mysticism
Most of Kolain City’s buildings were built on paths that spiraled upwards.
There would be squares or small towns in the middle or on rather flat, open
spaces.
Klein carried his luggage, and with his spiritual intuition as a Seer, he
randomly chose a direction to proceed in and found a relatively lively bar
along the way.
There weren’t many carriages on the streets, and the rental types were a rare
sight. The most popular means of transportation in East Balam was a
“Coffin.” This stemmed from their traditions of worshipping Death. People
viewed coffins as items that brought about serenity and peace; therefore,
Klein often saw people walking past him carrying a black coffin. The lids
were lighter than the usual kind and were just like a carriage door that could
be opened at any time.
They’re carried via two, four, or either people; or by horses or single-
horned goats… Such a tradition is quite terrifying at night. Hmm, it’s not
much better in the day. The entire city feels dark and creepy… Klein took in
the “scenery” around him as he walked into the square. On the left was a
cathedral of the Lord of Storms, and on the right were restaurants and bars.
When he stopped in his tracks, a coffin being carried by four men was also
lowered.
As the lid was opened, the passenger inside the coffin stood up and took a
step forward. He was a Northern Continent-styled gentleman dressed in a
white shirt and black vest.
The gentleman’s formal coat was slung against his arm, something he wore
only after he left the coffin.
Then, Klein saw the man head straight for the Lord of Storms cathedral and
enter it.
This sure is quite discordant… Doesn’t the Church of Storms enjoy
changing the traditions of the colonies and forcefully implementing those of
Loen? Why don’t they do that in East Balam? Is it because the Death
pathway and Evernight pathway are similar, so the Church of Storms
wishes to preserve some of the traditions of Death worship, so as to curb
the proliferation of the Church of Evernight? Klein nodded in thought as he
turned to the buildings on the right, prepared to enter one of the bars there.
Having experienced it personally, he came to the realization as to why the
dressing style of the ancient Balam Empire was written as such in so many
history books.
They enjoy wearing trousers, those that are light and breezy. They find
creases beautiful… Isn’t this to make it easier to lie in a coffin when
outside? Klein shook his head with a smile as he pushed open the heavy
wooden door. Squeezing through the drunkards, he walked towards the bar
counter.
And at this moment, the two military “followers” had deliberately opened
up a distance from Dwayne Dantès to prevent themselves from being
exposed. They had walked to the door side.
Taking this brief reprieve, Klein suddenly switched directions and passed
through the crowd like a fish in water, heading straight for the bar’s
backdoor.
Although he didn’t know Dutanese, he could read drawings on signs and
knew where the washrooms and places where entry was forbidden to
customers.
After circling to a blind spot from the door, Klein quickly took off his coat
and slung it on his arm.
Immediately, with his golden cane, he reached out his palm to cover his
face and slow down his pace. Turning directions again, he headed for the
bar’s entrance.
After opening up a distance of nearly ten meters from where he took off his
coat, Klein lowered his face-shielding right hand to reveal a completely
different face.
His white sideburns, deep eyes, and elegant demeanor was all gone. He had
switched to a common Loenese face that could be seen anywhere on the
Northern Continent.
With luggage and cane in hand, Klein walked staidly towards the two
military “followers.” As they were looking for Dwayne Dantès, he walked
past them and left the bar.
Be it tracking or anti-tracking, they were both strong traits of a Faceless!
Returning to the square, Klein turned into a sloped alley that led to higher
ground. He planned on finding a hotel elsewhere.
As he walked on a rather deserted path, he suddenly heard a woman’s
frantic cries.
The voice was only maintained for a very short moment before it was
silenced.
Although he didn’t know what she was shouting, Klein could sense the
horror, fear, and panic in her voice. Hence, he switched directions and
entered a narrower and more deserted trail.
In less than ten seconds, he saw a local man in his thirties who was pressing
against a thirteen- or fourteen-year-old girl in a secluded corner and was
using violence against her. His skin was brownish, and he had rather soft
facial features.
Klein took a glance and slowed down his pace before stopping in the nearby
shadows.
At this moment, the girl’s face was extremely horrified and distorted.
However, regardless of how she struggled, she was unable to free herself
and had only received a beating in response.
Her tears and snot flowed out while her mouth was stuffed with cloth. All
she could do was produce muffling sounds.
At this moment, she was surprised that the rotten egg’s attempts to take off
her clothes had slowed down.
“…”
Without having the time to consider what was happening, she
subconsciously looked at the rotten egg and found that his eyes had
widened. His facial muscles were writhing slowly, but he was unable to
form a complete expression on his face. Then, his limbs twitched and
paused as they continued doing what they were doing but were easily
avoided.
The girl instinctively pushed him, which had ended up having surprisingly
excellent results. Freed, she immediately stood up and fled. However, she
couldn’t help but feel her legs go limp. After a few steps, she tripped over a
stone and nearly fell to the ground.
At this moment, she heard the sound of footsteps behind her. Reeling in
anxiety, she fumbled to her feet.
But almost immediately, the sounds of footsteps suddenly ceased.
The girl subconsciously looked back only to see the rotten egg standing two
meters away. His joints were making strange actions as though they were
rusted.
What’s happening… The girl felt as though she was having a nightmare.
The brown-skinned man struggled for a moment before quietening down.
Revealing a smile, he said in Dutanese, “In the future, when you meet
someone like me, remember to head for the nearest cathedral or somewhere
where there’s plenty of people.”
The girl was taken aback for a moment before she screamed. Turning
around, she ran as fast as she could.
Subconsciously, she chose to run in the direction of the square where the
cathedral was.
When the calm and silence of the deserted spot was restored, the brown-
skinned man turned to look at the nearby shadows where Klein walked out
from.
A new marionette… His body isn’t strong enough, and he’s not nimble
enough. He lacks Beyonder powers and looks rather fierce. Apart from
knowing Dutanese, he’s completely useless, Klein simply evaluated. If it
wasn’t because he was committing a crime and that I wasn’t proficient in
the local language, I would’ve buried him immediately.
He couldn’t help but make a comparison with his former marionette,
Admiral of Blood Senor.
Senor was a Wraith and was capable of Mirror Blink. He could hide in gold
coins and reflective surfaces. I didn’t need to worry that he would be seen
by others… He also had Shriek and the ability to possess others. Together
with a Marionettist, it’s a perfect combination…
More importantly, he also knew Dutanese…
Comparing this marionette and him is like the difference between a penny
and 42,000 gold pounds.
I’ve no idea what his name is, and I can only use powers to sense some
superficial thoughts. I have no way of obtaining deeper memories unless I
encounter someone or something familiar. There would be a corresponding
change in the spirit to release more information… I’ll just call him “Ah
Fu.” Ah, no—that’s too Chinese. “Oaf” it is.
Klein rubbed his temples and sighed. He needed to leave the area with his
new marionette, Oaf, before the girl led the clergymen over.
Before long, with the help of his marionette’s translations, he found an inn
to stay in at the border between Kolain City’s flourishing and backward
area. This place didn’t need him to provide any proof of identity, even
though Klein had already changed his appearance to that of a regular local.
There’s an even greater lack of administration management than the
colonies at sea… Klein put down his luggage and threw most of the cash he
brought with him above the gray fog, leaving only 50 pounds for his daily
expenses.
Meanwhile, having crossed the Berserk Sea, and without needing to be
afraid of causing any further anomalies, he took down the copper whistle
and iron cigar case from the mysterious space above the gray fog so as to
make it easier for Mr. Azik to locate him.
After finishing all of this and having had dinner on the liner, he had the
spare time to seek out his second marionette.
As for how he could find one, Klein, who didn’t understand Kolain City
well enough, decided on using his traits as a Seer and do so with mysticism
means!
With Oaf, he left the inn. Klein snapped a branch of a Donningsman Tree
and used it as a dowsing rod. With great familiarity, he used Cogitation and
muttered, “Location of my new marionette.”
In the silent environment, pairs of cold eyes seemed to pierce through the
obstruction of the incorporeal and the corporeal and landed on the dowsing
rod.
The branch fell to the ground and pointed in a direction.
After advancing forward a little, he did another divination and followed his
new revelation. Seven to eight turns later, he arrived at a steep staircase.
This staircase was connected to many roads in Kolain. One had to look up
to see the top, and there was no one at all.
The divination’s revelation is pointing here… Why isn’t there anyone here?
The result isn’t accurate because I didn’t do a divination above the gray
fog? But I’m already a Sequence 5 Marionettist. My divination abilities are
definitely one of the best below that of High-Sequence Beyonders… Klein
frowned slightly as he surveyed the area, but he failed to find any targets.
After some thought, he walked towards the staircase and sat in the shadows
of the lowest step. He then waited in boredom despite a lack of confidence.
After a few minutes, he stood up again and made Oaf sit where he was
sitting.
Then, Klein opened up a gap from him and hid two hundred meters away in
a hidden spot.
…
Kolain City. Lower Lip District.
Leonard Mitchell and Daly Simone arrived at a nearby district with the Red
Gloves team captain, Soest.
With the night as cover, Soest emphasized the operation to all the members
once again.
“Our target this time is Ulika who’s living at Unit 13. He’s a rather
important member of the Numinous Episcopate and is in charge of
communicating with the different small teams in Backlund.
“Although all our intelligence points to him not being a demigod, I have
applied for a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact to be safe. Her Excellency, Goddess’s
Eye, is also ready to provide her assistance to us at any time.
“Also, most of the residents of this district are locals. We have to be wary of
them also being members of the Numinous Episcopate.”