Chapter 1165

The Grand Lineup
As Amon spoke, the transparent tentacles covered with mysterious patterns
extended out from the gigantic vortex behind “His” back, and they wrapped
around “His” many different Spirit Body Threads.
In the blink of an eye, the illusory black threads were lifted up without any
resistance.
And with that, one strange monster after another was hoisted up in the air,
like ham waiting to be dry-aged.
The Spirit Body Threads beside Amon were all stolen by “Him” at some
point in time!
While Zaratul launched “His” attack, “His” other slippery tentacle kept
extending into the void, attempting to pull something back.
In just a few seconds, a figure quickly appeared.
“He” had long chestnut-colored curly hair, blue eyes, high nose bridge, thin
lips, and a very beautifully manicured mustache. He wore a dark red coat
with rusted golden threads. It was none other than the former Emperor of
Intis, Roselle Gustav.
The moment this Knowledge Emperor stepped into the real world, “He”
looked down at the gigantified Amon, and complicated and illusory
symbols instantly formed in “His” eyes.
“He” wasn’t worried that Amon would steal “His” attack at all, because
“He” had prepared an extremely large amount of useless miscellaneous
knowledge. Be it the forceful injection or Amon’s theft of it, “He” could
achieve the goal of blowing up the other party’s mind.
Just as Emperor Roselle’s projection was fully formed, another figure
appeared from Zaratul’s transparent tentacles.
The figure had a young face, but his long hair was already half-white—
pulled back and flailing in the air. In the darkness, half of it was hidden, and
the other was prominent.
This was an angel that Klein didn’t know. “He” looked like a man with eyes
that were dark and filled with the vicissitudes of life. “His” facial features
were considered pretty good, but there was a bunch of thick, short black
hair on “His” cheeks. “He” emitted the feeling that “He” was both old and
youthful, both rational and crazy.
“He” immediately transformed into a cluster of squirming worms that
extended out transparent, smooth tentacles akin to Zaratul’s projection.
Clearly, this was also an angel from the Seer pathway.
At that moment, Klein didn’t even dare to look straight at the situation
occurring in midair. However, when his spiritual perception triggered, he
had already sensed something familiar.
The second angel that was summoned by Zaratul was the son of an ancient
god, the original ancestor of the Antigonus family!
This was the historical projection “Him” before “He” became The Half-
Fool.
Clearly, Zaratul had made sufficient preparations in this period of time.
As Antigonus displayed “His” complete Mythical Creature form, the
surrounding environment changed once again. The darkness became even
darker, as though it had a life of its own as it surged towards the massive
manifestation of the classic black-robed, pointy-hatted, and monocled
Amon.
In the area enveloped by darkness, all the monsters instantly turned into
marionettes.
Antigonus seemed to have moved a portion of the ancient divine kingdom
from “His” memories into the real world, so as to separate Amon from
Klein.
This was also a miracle.
When the miracle happened, Zaratul’s transparent tentacles pulled out a
third projection from the fog of history.
This was a knight in full black armor. “He” was a demigod from the Fourth
Epoch’s Solomon Empire, and had not left an illustrious name in history.
However, “He” had another identity. “He” was a member of the “Red of
War” army, and the leader of this army was King of Angels, Medici.
In this division, every member could connect with Red Angel Medici’s
mind and become one.
In other words, if Medici could converge their powers, then they too could
also transmit their own powers to the collective pool.
The powers of a Scholar of Yore powers couldn’t summon anything
associated with the Uniqueness. Even if they were to raise their Sequence
and receive a qualitative change, it remained the same. However, there was
no doubt that Seers would seek ways to push the envelope by attempting to
bypass the restrictions and obtain help from the Uniqueness to a certain
extent.
Klein had summoned the Goddess’s descent vessel to accomplish this point,
while Zaratul summoned a powerhouse of the Red of War army.
At this moment, that projection was equivalent to a portion of Medici!
The knight in black armor stepped onto the battlefield. “He” scanned the
battlefield in a sluggish manner before laughing out loud.
Yo, Lil’ Raven, have those feathers I burnt recovered?”
Due to the fact that his historical projection had summoned another three
angel-level historical projections, Klein suspected that he couldn’t maintain
it for ten seconds.
If it wasn’t for this change, then he would most likely have felt that he had
found a way to indefinitely increase his combat strength. That was to
summon two angels and one projection of himself every time. Then, he
could use his projection to summon two angels and himself again. If this
continued, he would have an infinite number of projections available.
At that moment, the ascetic leader of the Church of Evernight, Arianna’s
body faded and entered a concealed state. Following that, “She” suddenly
appeared behind the gigantified Amon, slashing out with the bone sword
that was covered in strange patterns.
Taking advantage of the opportunity when Amon was being attacked by the
five angel projections’ attack, Klein kept converting monsters into his
marionettes, getting them to aim at him. He opened his mouth and let out a
bang.
Air Cannons whistled towards him.
At the same time, Klein stretched out his hand and easily took out a Flaring
Sun Charm that had already been activated and was just short of releasing
its effects.
He didn’t believe that he would be able to survive such repeated attacks.
Amidst the booms, Klein suddenly heard a “tick-tock” noise.
The entire world seemed to stop for a moment before it returned to normal.
Following that, he saw a huge hole in the dark sky. A ray of pure hot
sunlight shone in and lit a golden charm.
It was the Flaring Sun Charm. It had turned into a huge ball of light that
was engulfed by countless balls of flames.
However, the target it attacked wasn’t Klein. It had made an error and,
instead, wrapped around the Red of War demigod.
Meanwhile, the vast amount of knowledge that Roselle Gustav had injected,
the miracle created by Antigonus, the destructive sword which Arianna had
swung out, the transparent tentacles that Zaratul extended, they all pointed
at the same target in an erroneous manner—Medici’s black-armored
subordinate.
At some point, the projection that consisted of a part of Medici’s will first
suffered an explosion in “His” mind. Even “His” instinctive reaction
seemed to have disappeared. Then, “He” was assaulted by the barrage of
heavy attacks, and quickly dissipated in midair.
Wearing a pointed hat and a classical mage robe, it was unknown when
Amon had returned to the size of a human and landed at the bottom of the
battlefield.
“He” raised “His” right hand and adjusted the crystal monocle as a beam of
light lit up.
Behind “His” back, the ancient mottled clock phantom appeared once
again. The longest second hand quickly spun half a round at an
extraordinary speed.
It took less than a second, but everything on the desolate moors seemed to
have lost ten to twenty seconds.
The projection of Antigonus’s historical projection disappeared. Following
that, Roselle’s historical projection faded away. Finally, it was the historical
projections of Zaratul and Arianna.
The amount of time “They” could be maintained had been stolen.
Klein, who was just about to commit suicide for the third time, couldn’t
believe his eyes.
He had expected Blasphemer Amon to resolve the five angel projections.
After all, they were merely projections. A projection was much weaker than
the actual body. However, Klein never expected the other party to be so
casual about it that he didn’t even have a chance to commit suicide.
He had used his trump card in exchange for such an outcome. It was
inevitable for him to feel disheartened and despair.
Amon nudged his monocle and took a step forward to appear in front of
him. “He” smiled.
“If ‘They’ were all ‘Their’ true bodies, it would indeed be more
troublesome.
“However, the Historical Void projection has a very huge flaw. And
grasping the ‘problem’ of something is what I’m best at.”
Looking at this Angel of Time whose smile remained the same while his
expression was one of delight, as though “He” hadn’t been in a difficult
situation just now, Klein’s heart slowly sank, as if he had fallen into an
abyss.
His spiritual perception was triggered as scenes quickly flashed through his
mind.
After entering the Forsaken Land of the Gods, Amon changed his clothes—
going from a dark colored jacket, trousers, and black top hat that met the
aesthetic standards of modern times to a classic mage’s robe and a pointed
hat.
After that, “He” suggested a game of escaping and obstructing;
“He” appeared extremely confident and wasn’t worried about any
mishaps…
As his thoughts raced, Klein’s throat turned dry, and he said in a low and
hoarse voice, “You… are the true body…
“After entering the Forsaken Land of the Gods, your true body merged with
your avatar?”
He seriously suspected that the person in front of him was Amon’s true
body, the true Blasphemer, the whole King of Angels!
The corners of the monocled Amon’s mouth curled up bit by bit.
“This is very interesting, isn’t it?
“The expression on your face after knowing the truth is what I wanted to
see in this game.”
“He” had clearly admitted that “He” was the main body. “He” was born
accommodating the Uniqueness of the Marauder pathway. “He” was
peerless amongst the ranks of those beneath that of deities.
This meant that, unless a true deity descended, no matter how hard Klein
struggled, he wouldn’t be able to escape from Amon’s hands. And this was
the Forsaken Land of the Gods. The only active deity was the True Creator,
and “He” wasn’t too interested in Sefirah Castle.
Although he had suspected that the Amon beside him had swapped with
“His” actual body, Klein, who had experienced countless instances of hope,
only to have them destroyed, experienced what was the ultimate sense of
despair when he was truly certain of it. If it wasn’t for the fact that the Tarot
Club involved Miss Justice, Leonard, and company, as well as how he knew
that Amon was best at deception, he would’ve admitted defeat and
expressed his willingness to become “His” Blessed.
Isn’t it normal to join the ranks of the opponents if you can’t beat them…
As he lampooned, a thought suddenly flashed through his mind. He recalled
the words that Amon had previously said.
This… His eyes lit up, and he completely calmed down. Looking at Amon,
he leisurely stretched his body and said with a smile, “Kill me.”