Chapter 1068

: Illogical Details
“W-which one is Groselle?” In the dream, Leonard looked ahead blankly.
There was a huge bonfire there, and there were more than ten grayish-blue-
skinned, single-eyed giants who looked no different from each other.
To be honest, I wouldn’t be able to recognize him without the ability of a
Faceless… To me, without their age, hairstyle, height, scars, clothes, and
maturity, giants all look the same… Klein mumbled inwardly as he looked
calmly at Miss Justice, as though saying that it shouldn’t stump a Spectator.
Audrey raised her hand and pointed at a giant who was gulping down
alcohol. From time to time, he would shout twice to express his approval.
“That’s Groselle.
“It looks like, in the traditions of the giants, clapping isn’t a sign of
affirmation and praise. Instead, it’s a roar. The louder the roar, the higher
the level of praise.”
Miss Justice is acting like a folk scholar now… Thankfully, he’s only
shouting and not singing. If not, the noise would be worse. It’s obvious that
the giants here aren’t adept at modulating their voices. That roar from
before didn’t have any rhythm to it… Klein nodded and said to Audrey,
“Begin guiding him then.”
As Audrey went forward as Leonard stepped back. He raised his right hand
and stroked his chin.
“Tell me, in the Second Epoch, which supernatural race widely possessed
the Beyonder characteristics of the Evernight pathway?”
“Isn’t it the demonic wolves?” Klein glanced at Leonard, wondering if the
poet had contracted the traditional disease of the Nighthawkshaving a bad
memory.
“I know.” Leonard maintained his original posture as he said with a strange
expression, “Then how do they act as a Midnight Poet? Or should I say that
the potion’s name back then was called Midnight Roarer?”
“There wasn’t a potion name in the beginning…” Klein’s thoughts were
accidentally led astray by Leonard. The scene of such fellows crouching on
the ground and howling at the moon surfaced in his mind. He couldn’t help
but mutter, “This might be more suitable for you. There’s no need to write
poems, making it very easy.”
The corners of Leonard’s mouth twitched as he said, “There are different
types of poets. I’m a singing type.”
As the two idly chatted, Audrey’s guidance attempt gradually pushed
through. Groselle’s dream began showing the Waning Forest, Barren
Tunnel, the corner of the Giant King’s Court, Dawn Town, and the Nation
of Gold.
Groselle wasn’t a subordinate of the “deities” like the Giant King, and he
was only able to occasionally see these high-level existences while on duty
at the Waning Forest or in particular spots of the Giant King’s Court and
passageway. Furthermore, he didn’t dare look at “Them” head-on, receiving
them while genuflecting and having his head bowed. Therefore, he wasn’t
able to present the images of Giant King Aurmir, Giant Queen Omebella,
and the eldest son of the Giant King, God of Dawn, Badheil. They only
appeared as portraits.
Similarly, Groselle knew very few secrets. His grasp of history and the
situation in the world was completely incomparable to Elven Songster
Siatas. However, an interesting point was that in the Giant King’s Court and
the giants, the “traitor” was synonymous with Soniathrym. They claimed
that “His” abandoning of the alliance had resulted in the Sanguine Ancestor
Lilith’s death.
Klein strongly suspected that, because of his bad temper, Soniathrym, was
obviously not good at such things.
The Queen of Calamity seems capable, but the problem is what “She” plots
is extremely hard to hide from “Her” spouse, a true ancient god,
Soniathrym… In contrast, Giant King Aurmir being the traitor makes more
sense… Klein did a rough analysis as Audrey changed the direction of
Guidance in an attempt to let Groselle present anything he had seen or
heard beyond the Giant King’s Court.
It was a pity that, shortly after the giant left the King’s Court and passed
through Dawn Town before arriving in the Nation of Gold, he obtained the
book and entered it. He didn’t know much about the styles and appearances
of people from different regions.
“Currently, the most valuable piece of information is how to avoid the front
entrance after entering the Giant King’s Court from Afternoon Town. It’s
through the Waning Forest and the Barren Tunnel.” Audrey ended the
guidance and walked back to Klein’s and Leonard’s side. This is very useful
for Little Sun and company’s subsequent explorations.”
“Yes, we can tell him at the next gathering.” Klein nodded.
Just as he was about to suggest that they enter the book world’s sea of
collective subconscious through Groselle’s dream, Audrey suddenly looked
back and said in thought,
“There’s one detail that’s illogical.”
“Which detail?” Leonard seriously recalled what he had seen and heard, but
he didn’t find anything suspicious.
Justice Audrey glanced at The World and said, “In the matter regarding how
Giant King Aurmir’s father and mother are buried in the Waning Forest, the
rule that only the ancient god can enter is illogical.”
Klein didn’t notice that there was something wrong with that detail. But
after Miss Justice mentioned it, he immediately had some ideas. He
deliberated and said, “The father and mother of the Giant King are
equivalent to the ancestors of the giants. Normally speaking, they should be
consecrated by the entire race…”
“That’s right. Regardless of the race, they’ll have some level of worship
towards their ancestor. The giants are no exception. From Groselle’s dream,
the Keepers often make sacrifices to the ancestors outside the Waning
Forest.” Audrey nodded in agreement. “If there aren’t any other factors of
influence, the Giant King should occasionally organize things and make it a
point to honor their ancestors instead of making it a rule that only ‘He’ can
enter.”
“Perhaps the Waning Forest contains immense danger. Aren’t the oldest
giants crazy, violent, and irrational? After their death, their corpses have
corrupted the environment and affected the entire forest. It’s not something
that can’t be understood.” Leonard gave his opinion.
Audrey and Klein shook their heads at the same time, denying the
statement.
“If it’s only danger or corruption, Giant Queen Omebella and the God of
Dawn Badheil can clearly withstand that. With the help of the Giant King,
there are almost no problems. Yet ‘They’ are also forbidden from entering
the Waning Forest, even with the ancient god by ‘Their’ side.” Klein simply
explained his thoughts and guesses. “Perhaps what’s buried inside isn’t
Giant King Aurmir’s parents; there might be some other secret.”
“That’s more likely the case.” Audrey nodded seriously.
She wore a silver mask, and her green eyes darted around slightly, faintly
revealing a hint of curiosity.
“If that’s the case, what would a secret that can’t be known to ‘His’ wife,
child, subsidiary gods, or fellow members of the same race be? That’s quite
interesting…” Leonard smiled as he allowed his thoughts to wander.
After another round of discussion, the three of them made use of the time to
enter the Giant King’s Court through the Barren Tunnel and enter the place
that was frozen amidst the
sunset.
According to Klein’s experience, this was actually the path to the borders of
Groselle’s dream.
This time, there was no need for him to activate Creeping Hunger and use
the strength of a Zombie to open the heavy door to the giant guards’
quarters. Audrey directly influenced the dream and made the door flutter
open like a piece of paper. Due to the Unshadowed Crucifix, Klein was
unable to wear the human-skinned glove.
Outside the door was a hazy world. There was no longer the scene of the
Giant King’s Court ahead of them, but a cliff.
After a brief exchange of the various situations that could occur in the sea
of collective subconscious, Audrey made a staircase appear on the edge of
the cliff.
The staircase spun around, sinking deep into the dark, hazy, silent, and
bottomless mind world.
The three of them didn’t delay as they stepped onto the staircase and
walked down.
In this lonely environment that could drive one crazy, Audrey used Placate a
few times every time they traveled a certain distance.
This wasn’t only to Placate Klein, Leonard, and herself, but it was also to
Placate the grayish-white cliff-Groselle’s subconscious. It was to prevent
him from causing a stir that would contaminate their Astral Projection and
Body of Heart and Mind.
The countless rotting giant palms that Klein “encountered” the last time
didn’t appear. Even the most unbearable feelings of loneliness, silence, and
being infinite didn’t feel that terrifying thanks to being able to speak to each
other.
“This is the mind world. The domain of consciousness is indeed different
from the others.” Leonard looked around as though he wanted to use a few
poems to express his feelings, but he eventually chose to give up.
If it were any other mission elsewhere, Klein might’ve asked his dear poet
to remain quiet, but here, he felt that it was good for him to say something-
anything.
Audrey didn’t reject the exchange as she said seriously, “That’s the essence
of the environment that we can sense. The cliffs, precipices, and the hazy
world are a reflection of our subconscious. If it were another race, it might
not be like that…”
“…I now find psychology rather interesting,” Leonard said with interest
after hearing that.
Klein glanced at him and resisted the urge to say that, with his personality
and habits, he really wasn’t suited to the Spectator pathway.
In this exchange, the three of them lost track of time until they finally
stepped onto the solid but hazy ground.
Looking upwards, they could see the undulating shadows. They overlapped
and formed an illusory sea.
Klein, Leonard, and Audrey were about to walk forward when a “water
spout” suddenly surged over. A rather blurry figure stood up from within.
It was a grayish-blue giant that was six-to seven-meters tall. His chest was
covered with dragon scales, and there were all sorts of indescribable
patterns, symbols, and labels that went beyond what one would consider a
normal language.
His single vertical eye was filled with blood vessels as it emitted a violent
aura that couldn’t be concealed. It had obvious hints of destruction in it as it
gnawed on a bloody human leg.
This was a demigod-level giant!
He was a projection left in the sea of collective subconscious. Perhaps it
was an actual encounter with a human or some other race’s ancestor; or
perhaps it was something Groselle and the other giants had heard about.
The moment he appeared, the madness spread towards Klein and company
like a plague that could infect them.
This was a world that directly came into contact with one’s mind and
consciousness!