Chapter 631

: Three Days of Absence
Don’t tell me that this matter was targeted at me? Klein was alarmed as he
immediately became abnormally awake.
As a person who had several similar experiences, he had quite a persecution
complex.
It really is possible… The Mother Tree of Desire used a dream to send
Flight Ken a revelation just as I arrived at Oravi Island and began an entire
series of plans. The first day I met Bilt Brando was the day the Naturism
Sect held the ritual to make the tramp stand-in die from gluttony…
If they were targeting Admiral Amyrius, the plan needed to ensure that there
was no lack of a stand-in, and that he couldn’t find an additional helper or
other means to conceal his departure. But clearly, this is something that
cannot be confirmed. My involvement is proof…
If the target was me, then the previous problem is explained. Klein used his
Clown powers to control his facial expression as he gloomily looked at
Flight Ken.
With such a theory, more questions emerged in his mind.
But how were they certain that Bilt Brando would seek me out?
The news of Gehrman Sparrow being able to change into anyone was
spread from Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy. It’s an element beyond the Mother
Tree of Desire’s control…
Of course, taking a different point of view, it’s precisely due to the spreading
of this news and my arrival in Oravi Island that made the Mother Tree of
Desire send the revelation and put the plan into motion.
But why would “She” want to corrupt me? My grudge with the Rose School
of Thought hasn’t reached the point of garnering the attention of an evil
god. All I did was kill a Sequence 5 Wraith, a Sequence 6 Zombie, and a
Sequence 7 Werewolf, with Miss Sharron and Maric, snatching away the
Scarlet Lunar Corona and Biological Poison Bottle… My hunt against
Admiral of Blood was terminated before it even started. It was an idea that
didn’t translate into action. The only thing that happened was the killing of
Steel Maveti…
The act of revenge that resulted from this matter shouldn’t even exceed the
attention of a saint!
Was it something special about me that resonated with some item formed by
the aura of the Mother Tree of Desire on this island the moment I stepped
onto it?
But I’ve never faced any abnormal reactions from the Holy Artifacts left
behind by other deities in Backlund or Tingen City.
Furthermore, I did divine the matter above the gray fog and received the
revelation that the death of the tramp was solely a coincidence. It wasn’t
arranged by a legendary creature or Grade 0 Sealed Artifact, but the
outcome ended up different…
Th-this is the first time that divination above the gray fog has been
disrupted in the true sense of the word? I didn’t even notice that it had been
disrupted?
Klein’s thoughts came to a pause as he discovered the most serious
problem.
Back when the matter involved 0-08, all he received was an ineffective
revelation and not a disrupted outcome!
Therefore, it’s a power that exceeds a Grade 0 Sealed Artifact? The Mother
Tree of Desire personally disrupted the matter, and “She” is a true deity
“Herself”? But it’s very difficult for the seven gods to influence the real
world. There has to be a corresponding ritual… Yes, I had also divined the
risks of acting as Amyrius above the gray fog and received a revelation
saying that it was an acceptable risk. The outcome does match the
development of the situation, so it wasn’t disrupted? The more Klein
thought about the matter, the more perplexed he became.
What was most incomprehensible about it was that if the target of
corruption was himself, why didn’t he suffer any demanding trials, and he
instead, solved the problem in a relatively simple manner?
This made the Mother Tree of Desire’s arrangement appear like a joke!
While pondering with this weight in mind, Klein nearly crushed Flight Ken.
He asked again to verify his conjecture.
To his surprise, the Naturism Sect hadn’t held any rituals to request the
Mother Tree of Desire to disrupt any divination over the past week. They
didn’t make any special arrangements aimed towards the failure of the
project.
Strange… Klein took out a gold coin and flicked it as a final confirmation.
Even without divination, he was almost certain that Flight Ken wasn’t
lying. Firstly, the man was already on the brink of a mental collapse,
making him lack the ability to fabricate something reasonable. Secondly,
Flight Ken’s answers adhered to logic, completely confirming whatever
Klein had deliberately kept to himself.
The gold coin landed in his open palm, the king’s portrait facing up,
indicating a positive response.
Combined with the divination statement, Klein finally confirmed that Flight
Ken wasn’t lying.
After temporarily suppressing his puzzlement, he cast his gaze towards
Flight Ken once again. He asked without a smile, “What deeds have you
done in the past that violate the kingdom’s laws or the moral fabric of
society?”
Flight Ken was taken aback for a few seconds as his mental state seemed to
instantly turn for the better.
From his point of view, his ploy against Admiral Amyrius was the most
serious crime, something that would most easily enrage this important
figure. Everything else was trivial and nothing that needed a demigod to
waste his time and energy on.
Therefore, after skipping the important matters and coming to an ordinary
topic, it meant that he might enjoy a good outcome.
Flight Ken couldn’t help but reveal a discreet smile as he hastened to
recount.
“I once tortured a family for an entire night for their property and
abandoned them in the woods after murdering them. Then, I used faked
documents and successfully obtained a sizable amount of wealth.
“I deliberately enticed many believers to indulge in their desires and
watched as their emptiness and regret after the deed slowly paved the way
for them to become fertilizer for the Mother Tree of Desire.
“I once tricked many ladies to abide with their nature, an excuse for them to
be redeemed by the spirits, allowing me to possess them.
“I tortured believers who attempted to renounce the religion, slicing off
every part that protruded off their bodies…”
He recounted each and every sin of his, without any thoughts of concealing
the truth.
Klein felt disbelief with what he heard. He never expected anyone to be evil
to this extent.
As Flight Ken got increasingly excited from recounting his past deeds, he
saw Admiral Amyrius stand up without an expression before circling
around the desk and standing in front of him. The admiral then raised his
left palm.
A terrifying mouth appeared in the middle of the left palm, revealing two
rows of illusory, white, and eerie teeth that were icy-cold.
“No… No!”
A sharp and horrified scream resounded in the room for a long time until
silence prevailed.
After a while, Klein bent down to pick up a blob of grayish-white light that
resembled a shrunken brain.
This was the Beyonder characteristic of a Lunatic!
Unfortunately, Flight Ken had been searched before being brought here. He
didn’t leave behind any cash or items.
Klein snapped his fingers and ignited the rest of the clothes.
As he looked at his left shoulder which was beginning its recovery process,
he sat behind the desk and remained silent amidst the dancing scarlet
flames.
Once the traces were no longer noticeable, he pulled at a corresponding
rope, making the bell outside ring.
Luan released the restriction and entered, instinctively observing every
corner.
“Instruct the guards and the base personnel to cooperate with the Oravi
police to do a cleanup of the Naturism Sect. It’s best if clues can be found
and a number of Rose School of Thought members are caught,” Klein
solemnly gave the order.
“Yes, Your Excellency,” Luan answered respectfully.
He didn’t ask where Flight Ken was, as though the leader of the Naturism
Sect never existed.
…
Klein didn’t pay too much attention to the raid on Oravi Island. Using the
excuse that he was slightly injured, he declined the remaining schedules for
the next two days.
This meant that he didn’t need to worry about needing to exude the might of
a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Arbiter pathway after expending the
Ninth Law charm.
Nearing noon, Luan entered after knocking the door and reported, “Your
Excellency, Mr. Aston has yet to leave on the liner. The new governor-
general, Ben Conrad, has sent an invitation to participate in the banquet he’s
hosting tonight.”
Ben Conrad… The person who replaced Aston as governor-general…
According to what I know, Viscount Conrad’s family is a loyal subject of the
royal family. Talim likely got to know Prince Edessak while being the
equestrian teacher of Viscount Conrad’s youngest son… Klein nodded
gently as he immersed himself in Amyrius Rieveldt’s complex emotions.
He remained silent for a few seconds before saying, “Inform Governor-
general Conrad that it’s inconvenient for me to attend the banquet, because
of the injuries suffered from the Naturism Sect’s assault.
“Apologize to him on my behalf.”
“Yes, Your Excellency.” Luan didn’t persuade him otherwise and calmly
left the room.
A demigod definitely had the right to be “willful!”
As long as he didn’t engage in some secret ploy or commit any serious
mistake, there was no way he would be blamed regardless of what he did.
This was because any faction would be willing to rope in a demigod!
As he watched Luan’s back vanish from the door, Klein shook his head
indiscernibly and sat back behind the desk.
A quiet day quickly passed. When it was almost midnight, Klein, who was
sleeping in the guest room, suddenly woke up and sat up.
His spiritual perception told him that someone had entered the house!
Klein focused his gaze at the window and saw a middle-aged man in a
tailcoat. He had black hair and blue eyes, with the corners of his mouth
slightly sagging. He was none other than Admiral Amyrius!
Phew! He’s finally back… Klein slowly stood up and cautiously asked,
“What item did you give me before?”
He was afraid that the Admiral Amyrius before him was also a Faceless in
disguise.
Admiral Amyrius stood there and answered with a stern expression, “The
Ninth Law charm.”
Without waiting for Gehrman Sparrow to speak again, he took two steps
forward and calmly asked, “Did anything happen in the past few days?”
“…”
Klein controlled his facial muscles and said, “Your secretary committed a
mistake and was injured.”
“Oh? What else?” Admiral Amyrius nodded with deep reservation.
Klein tried hard not to move his gaze away as he looked straight at him and
said, “Your younger brother has been relieved of his post as governor-
general. The new governor-general has already taken over.
“Your Miss Cynthia mutated into a monster and was purified by me.
“A number of your bodyguards and attendants were infected to a certain
extent and are currently receiving treatment”
“…”
Amyrius’s expression turned into shock bit by bit in an uncontrollable
manner.
His eyes moved slightly, as though he suspected whether he had returned to
the wrong place.
It had only been three days!