Chapter 602

: Becoming Famous
Darkwill sprawled on the ground, momentarily forgetting to stand up. His
mind remained blank.
Ever since he had matured, he had never encountered a scenario of tripping
himself. After consuming the potions, his body had experienced
enhancements to a certain degree, making it even more impossible. Now,
for some baffling reason, he had fallen down in an inexplicable manner.
Did I step on something? Darkwill suddenly snapped to his senses as he
struck down with his palm and rolled to his feet. He pretended as though the
one who had just fallen wasn’t him.
He looked left and right without finding anything odd on the ground. Filled
with puzzlement, he took a few difficult steps forward to pick up the milky-
white die.
At this moment, a patrolling constable seemed to have sensed the
disturbance as he jogged over with baton in hand while holding his other
hand down on his revolver.
Upon seeing this scene, Darkwill suddenly felt worried, feeling suspicious
that he had fallen for a trap.
They caught Old Man but haven’t come for me all this time. It’s because
they were secretly observing me and waiting for me to find some clues?
Now, I’ve gotten my hands on this strange die, they’ve started taking
action?
The official Beyonders are here to catch me?
Darkwill instinctively turned around and ran, but he had suffered a rather
heavy fall, causing him to feel pain in his knees. He was momentarily only
able to walk.
Seeing the patrolling constable approach him, and with him not being able
to run, a scene of an underground prison instantly surfaced in Darkwill’s
mind. In an environment with only an everlasting candlelight, locked with
Beyonders who would heave intensely like monsters…
“What happened?” the patrolling constable pressed down on his revolver as
he kept his distance and asked cautiously.
Darkwill suddenly felt an irrepressible fear. As his wrist trembled, the
milky-white die he had just picked up fell to the ground again as it rolled a
few times.
This time, six red dots pointed up.
Faced with the constable’s scrutiny, Darkwill replied with a trembling
voice, “I just stepped onto a damn banana skin and fell.”
The moment he said that, he felt his heart skip a beat. This was because
there wasn’t any banana skins on the ground.
Damn it. I was too nervous. I should’ve said that I tripped myself…
Darkwill thought in frustration.
He decided to summon the owl perched on the roof opposite him, preparing
to make a last stand.
The patrolling constable gave him a glance and chuckled.
“Make sure to watch where you place your feet when walking. I was
imagining that you had been robbed.”
He released his palm on his revolver, raised his baton, and walked away.
“…”
In a daze, Darkwill looked at the constable’s back that was opening up a
gap from him. He wasn’t sure how the constable had so easily believed his
excuse that was filled with mistakes.
He retracted his gaze and looked at the milky-white die which was sitting
on the ground in silence. He slowly frowned.
I’m not pure Loenese. The constables here don’t need to suck up to me…
Could it be all thanks to this? Be it my strange fall or my weird way of
convincing the constable, it was all because of this? Is this that important
Sealed Artifact which Teacher was taking care of? Darkwill quickly made
certain connections as he carefully proceeded forward. He picked up the die
again and stuffed it into the extremely tiny ring box. In the box, the die had
no room to roll.
Signaling to his owl, Darkwill picked up the News report copy, stopped a
rental carriage, and hobbled up. His destination—Red Theater.
The carriage smoothly proceeded forward. Because dusk was setting in, the
street lamps which were relatively far away didn’t illuminate the area much.
He wasn’t in a rush to study the ring box or the die inside. He patiently
waited until he returned home.
After entering the herb store and heading up to the residential area on the
second floor, he lit the wall lamp and chased the silly bird out of his room.
He sat in front of his desk and repeatedly checked on the ring box and
milky-white die.
Finally, he took out a folded piece of paper about the length of a finger
segment from the bottom of the ring box.
Darkwill inhaled silently as he quickly spread open the piece of paper and
discovered that there were three paragraphs written in ancient Feysac.
“If I didn’t appear three days after the appointed time, then I must’ve been
betrayed and have been arrested. Therefore, do not seek out help from the
other members of the School of Thought. This is because I’m unable to
determine who did it. This will bring you great danger.
“There is only one thing that you need to do. Bring the die to Oravi Island
and hand it to the bellman, Carnot, in the port city. My teacher, Ricciardo, is
hidden there. The subsequent matters will be handled by him.
“Don’t worry that I’ll divulge this secret. Once I finish writing this letter, all
relevant memories would completely disappear. I wouldn’t even remember
having an apprentice like you until I’m rescued. Remember, try your best
not to use the die. It has living characteristics. The more you use it, the
easier it is for it to awaken. It will roll itself when you aren’t watching it,
even without any space. When it’s at ‘1,’ please trust me when I say that
you’ll suffer from worse than a direct death. This is because almost
everything you do will end in failure, including your bed activities.”
Indeed, this die is very dangerous… Darkwill subconsciously sighed and
immediately realized the dumb act he had done out of goodwill.
In order to rescue his teacher, Roy King, he overcame his cowardliness and
remained in Bayam, as well as sent out a cry for help to the Life School of
Thought members.
And according to the information, this meant that he might very well have
been targeted by the person who betrayed Roy King!
Why didn’t you say so earlier! No, why didn’t I head out to buy the die
earlier!? Darkwill raised his hands and yanked at his hair.
He didn’t dare stay any longer. He decided to leave his residence and buy a
scalped ticket at night. He would head for Oravi Island early the next
morning. That was an island that was on the route between the Rorsted
Archipelago and Toscarter Island.
My charms, my revolver, my bullets… Darkwill quickly counted the items
that could provide him with safety, feeling concern over his lack of combat
strength.
He quickly thought of an idea as he paced around and mumbled, “I need to
hire a bodyguard. A bodyguard…”
Who should I hire? How much money must I spend? Amidst his thoughts,
Darkwill’s gaze swept across the News Report copy which he had just
brought back.
Suddenly, he thought of an excellent bodyguard—Gehrman Sparrow!
A powerful adventurer who could hunt a pirate worth 5,400 pounds!
If he’s willing to accept the mission, I should be able to successfully arrive
at Oravi Island if the “councilor” doesn’t take action… How can I find
him? Right! I should paste notices in the bars where adventurers frequently
appear! Darkwill nodded indiscernibly as he stuffed the items back into his
packed suitcase. With this plump owl, he left the herb store once again, his
heart feeling the pinch.
…
In the seas beyond the Rorsted Archipelago, in a small port belonging to
Loen, the Black Death was docked there without any scruples. It was being
surrounded by three ships.
Vice Admiral Ailment Tracy, who had just taken a hot bath, wore a loose
man’s shirt, and she finished the final treatment for her mostly recovered
wound.
To a Demoness, scars weren’t a thing.
At this moment, the blonde female attendant knocked on the door and
entered the captain’s cabin after receiving permission.
When she saw Tracy, her cheeks flushed red as she moved her gaze away.
“Captain, a telegram was sent from Bayam to the port over here.
“Mithor, uh—Third mate has been killed.”
Tracy stopped her actions as her expression sank. She asked hesitantly, “Do
you know who did it?”
She had sent Wormtongue Mithor to Bayam to investigate the assassination
attempt on her, firstly as a form of punishment for his dereliction of duty,
and secondly, to spread the news that she was heavily injured so as to lure
others who harbored malicious intent into attacking her. She never expected
Mithor to be able to make any breakthroughs or developments in a short
period of time.
After the demigod addressed as Death Consul by the Demoness of Unaging
visited her, she had deliberately concealed this matter and didn’t quickly
inform Mithor. She allowed the punishment to continue as she felt that it
was naturally for the best if his investigations turned fruitful. Even if there
was nothing, she wouldn’t be too disappointed either.
She never thought about the possibility of Mithor being placed at risk, as it
was a part of the punishment.
But to her surprise, Mithor had been killed so quickly!
The blonde female attendant handed over the telegram and said, “It was
done by an adventurer named Gehrman Sparrow. It can be confirmed that
he had used a Beyonder power similar to Dragon’s Might.”
“Gehrman Sparrow… Dragon’s Might… Heh heh. Qilangos also knew
Dragon’s Might. He likely Grazed a Psychiatrist or Hypnotist with Creeping
Hunger.” Tracy sneered after receiving the telegram as she spoke to herself.
She was quite certain that Gehrman Sparrow was the enemy who had
disguised himself as Helene to attack her. Furthermore, he had been using
the Faceless powers which Qilangos had Grazed.
Creeping Hunger is with him, and he has an ancient demigod, who Mother
addressed as Death Consul, backing him… Does this mean that Qilangos
was really killed by that Death Consul? Tracy muttered silently as she
waved her hand to send the blonde attendant out.
After the door to the captain’s cabin closed, she chuckled to herself.
If I were to divulge this information, the organization that ordered Qilangos
to assassinate Duke Negan would definitely be very interested.
For a brief moment of time, she really had the urge to do so, but her
rationality stopped her.
This was because it meant that she would directly offend the Death Consul!
And with the single chance of him being recognized as the murderer, she
would immediately be suspected of divulging the information.
When the time comes, unless I hide back at Mother’s side, I’ll be under the
shadow of death at any moment… I’m not afraid of other Saints. They will
have to find me before they can attack me. Besides, there will definitely be
some indication of that, and a significant amount of time is needed. I will
have sufficient chances to escape danger, b-but the Death Consul can travel
using the spirit world. As long as he determines my location, he will quickly
appear beside me… Tracy bit her lip as she thought in depression.
She gave up her previous thoughts and decided to take note of Gehrman
Sparrow’s whereabouts. She wouldn’t spare him once a good opportunity
arose!
At this moment, Klein was still living in the Teana Inn, waiting for his
bounty to be delivered to him.