Chapter 1236

Linkage
In the eyes of Shaman King Klarman, a bright silver moon rose, quickly
filling his irises.
This was completely different from the normal crimson moon. It also
wasn’t the Blood Moon that occasionally appeared. It was similar to the
abnormal state of the moon from not too long ago, but there were also
certain differences.
It illuminated Klarman’s eyes and body, causing him to instantly lose
contact with the crimson moon.
That also meant that, before things went back to normal, Klarman could no
longer attempt “Moonlight Transformation,” nor could he teleport within
the range of the crimson moonlight’s illumination.
Suddenly, a word appeared in the mind of this Shaman King of the Moon
Domain.
Lilith!
The ancient goddess, Lilith, who once controlled the Moon pathway!
Such a change was out of Emlyn’s expectations, but Sharron, who was good
at controlling her emotions and thoughts, wasn’t affected. Despite having
become a Klarman puppet, she raised her right hand and yanked some of
her messy, black-and-white hair.
Almost at the same time, on the Shaman King’s head, a tuft of white hair
fell on its own without him suffering any attacks.
The Door of Summoning he had just opened had been dissolved by the full
might of the Vision of White’s sun rays.
This wasn’t because the Rose School of Thought’s angel, who had been
summoned, was unable to resist the Grade 1 Sealed Artifact, but that the
Door of Summoning couldn’t withstand such a special attack.
In addition, the King of Curses, Barranca, had only extended two hands out.
This limited the amount of power that could remotely be projected via
“His” descent. The evil aura that permeated into the real world had also
been purified by the Vision of White, preventing it from affecting Sharron
and Emlyn.
At that moment, without the Door of Summoning, Barranca could only
retreat to where “He” was originally. “He” had to wait for the next
summoning or for Shaman King Klarman to pray.
As an angel, “He” had the status required to respond to prayers throughout
the world!
When that strand of hair fell, Sharron, in her Klarman puppet state, didn’t
hesitate. Her right hand naturally slid down from her forehead. She grabbed
the exaggerated crack that had the “full blood moon” embedded there and
forcefully pressed it down.
Klarman couldn’t help but let out a blood-curdling scream. The flesh on his
forehead turned into a bizarre blur as they filled up the terrifying crack,
blocking the miniature “full moon.”
This was one of the Beyonder powers of a Sequence 4 Puppet of the Mutant
pathway, called the “Source of Curses.”
Apart from being able to influence non-living creatures, Puppets could also
turn into mystical puppets and magical paper figurines. Through the
connections established, they could use various methods to curse their
targets.
This Beyonder power would undergo a qualitative change when they
reached Sequence 3. At the current stage, it resulted in mutually destructive
damage. Under normal circumstances, Puppet demigods rarely used it.
In other words, a Puppet had to hurt themselves to hurt their enemy.
The reason why Sharron dared to do so was because she was certain that
since both she and her target were at Sequence 4, as a Wraith and Zombie,
she would definitely be able to withstand the damage better than a Vampire.
After knowing in advance that Shaman King Klarman had a Grade 1 Sealed
Artifact, General of the Pupil-less Eye, Sharron had never thought of truly
succeeding with Wraith’s possession. Her main goal was to use this method
to establish a connection with Klarman to prepare for the subsequent curse.
The tuft of hair she plucked symbolized the official start of the curse.
Destroying the target’s full blood moon on his forehead was to prevent him
from establishing the Door of Summoning once again which would lead to
pulling a Rose School of Thought’s angel into the battlefield.
Of course, as a demigod, Klarman wasn’t going to die so easily from a
curse.
In the past, he would be able to use “Moonlight Transformation” and
“Illusory Bats” to weaken the damage brought by the curse. Then, via
constantly moving at high speeds, he could avoid attacks while chanting the
honorific name of a Rose School of Thought’s angel. However, under the
silvery-white moon’s illumination, his body seemed to freeze, preventing
him from completing the series of actions.
While Klarman’s mind raced, the General of the Pupil-less Eye puppet on
his shoulder, stood up and let out an ear-piercing scream.
The glass windows around them shattered, transforming into bullets that
shot towards the floating Sharron. Without anyone controlling the eyeball-
like glass sphere, it flew up on its own, causing a gigantic pillar of light that
had flames swirling around it to descend.
The pillar of light enveloped Sharron, causing the surroundings to turn
bright as though it was daytime.
The General of the Pupil-less Eye could influence ownerless mystical items,
allowing them to help it!
Amidst the “Flaring Sun,” Sharron, who had transformed into Klarman,
showed clear signs of melting as her face contorted uncontrollably. Half the
large number of glass fragments melted into the pillar of light while the
other half pierced through her body.
Klarman once again let out a tragic cry. It made Emlyn’s body turn cold as
his blood seemed to frost up.
One bloody hole after another appeared on the Shaman King’s body. He
was like a candle that had been thrown into a furnace as he slowly softened
and the oils from his fats dripped.
Any damage from “Source of Curses” would be reflected onto the target!
As a demigod of the Rose School of Thought, there was no doubt that
Klarman knew of this. His action just now was to use this exchange of
damage to force Sharron to stop the curse.
The theurgical spells of the Sun domain clearly dealt more damage to evil
creatures that were the likes of Puppets, Wraiths, Zombies, and Werewolves
than Vampires, Potions Professor, Scarlet Scholar, and Shaman Kings!
That was to say, the continuous “Flaring Sun” strikes caused Sharron to
dissipate, but it would only be able to severely injure Klarman. As for the
demigods of the Moon pathway, they had extremely strong self-recovery
abilities.
In just a second, Shaman King Klarman used his rich experience and deep
knowledge of mysticism to accurately grasp the problem of the “Source of
Curses” and chose the most suitable method to see results in the shortest
time possible.
However, at that moment, having lost the Vision of White, Emlyn White,
who had summoned the strange moon, regained his senses. He took out a
bronze-green hard-covered notebook and flipped it to one of the pages.
A crackling sound could be heard as bolts of lightning appeared out of thin
air, interweaving into a storm that emitted a strong destructive aura.
Instantly, the Shaman King Klarman was swept in.
Leymano’s Travels, Thunder Storm!
Having temporarily lost “Moonlight Transformation” and the ability to
“Blink” within a certain range, Klarman was unable to dodge the attack. He
was smote by bolts of silver lightning.
Sharron took the opportunity to dispel “Source of Curses” to prevent the
damage dealt to the target from being reflected onto her.
However, her face was clearly much paler than before, and her breathing
became weaker.
The pillar of light from “Blazing Sun” had indeed caused quite a significant
amount of damage to her.
The silvery-white blob that blasted quickly extinguished, and Klarman’s
body was already pitch black.
His charred skin and flesh were constantly peeling off. Pieces of flesh were
squirming and growing.
The General of the Pupil-less Eye’s body rapidly turned incorporeal, as
though it had turned into a specter. It was prepared to possess Klarman and
move him away from the area to prevent any subsequent blows.
At this moment, a blonde, red-eyed head suddenly appeared and bit the
head of the exquisite doll.
Klarman, who remained groggy, subconsciously looked over and saw a
headless lady.
This lady was wearing a dark and complicated gothic long dress and
holding four blonde, red-eyed heads.
Reinette Tinekerr!
…
In that vast desert, the eyes of Reinette Tinekerr, who was attacking
Abomination Suah with Azik, Arianna, and the giant silver serpent,
suddenly glazed over. Her actions turned stiff as she attacked purely on
instinct.
This was part of Klein’s plan. When the battle on this side had stabilized,
with Abomination Suah was unable to extricate “Himself” from it within a
short period of time, Reinette Tinekerr’s main body would dispel its
concealed state. She would then return to the real world and quickly help
Sharron and Emlyn finish the battle.
Looking at the tragic-looking mummy projection in mid-air, as Klein
controlled the three angels to hold back Abomination Suah, he used “Their”
auras to influence the environment around him. He switched from
“Teleportation” to “Flaming Jump,” and he continued to deal with the Rose
School of Thought’s Shaman King.
During this process, he appeared carefree and relaxed, but in fact, he
realized that the affinity between his body and his soul was decreasing bit
by bit. His body was gradually becoming a spirit cage, causing his actions
to become stiffer and heavier.
This reminded him of the core description of Prisoner:
The body was the cage of the heart, and the world was the cage of the body.
As time passed, he understood the meaning of this sentence from another
angle.
After Abomination Suah began to direct “His” attention at him, even if
“He” didn’t have the chance to attack him directly, “He” was still able to
make him suffer some form of corrosion!
…
After one of Reinette Tinekerr’s heads was in control of General of the
Pupil-less Eye, another head raised the black staff that it was biting down
on with its teeth.
The gem-embedded staff lit up with a misty glow.
A figure quickly took shape. It was none other than Gehrman Sparrow, who
was wearing a top hat and a trench coat while holding Death Knell.
Bang!
A silver-black stream of light flew out and accurately hit Klarman’s body.
Klarman’s thoughts came to a halt as he froze on the spot.
Control Spirit Bullet!
This was the Control Spirit Bullet shot by Gehrman Sparrow that the Staff
of the Stars had reenacted!
This 0-62 Sealed Artifact could allow the Beyonder powers and people that
surfaced in the minds of the wielder to descend upon reality, while the latter
could launch a single attack.
On the other side, Sharron immediately turned into a puppet that looked
identical to Klarman. She retracted her right hand and ruthlessly stabbed it
into her chest.
Blood sprayed out as Klarman gaped his mouth, unable to make a sound.
To a Wraith, the heart definitely wasn’t a vital point, but to a vampire, it
was lethal.
Without giving Klarman any chance to resist, Emlyn flipped through
Leymano’s Travels once again and released the recording of “Historical
Void Summoning” and took out the bronze Unshadowed Crucifix.
His fingers pressed down on a spike, allowing blood to flow out to
“cleanse” the mottled cross.
A pure, burning-white spear instantly condensed.
After Sharron removed “Source of Curses,” Emlyn threw out the long spear
of light and watched it pierce through Shaman King Klarman’s chest,
pinning him to the high walls of the cathedral.
Bright light suddenly expanded and completely extinguished Klarman’s last
breath.
Unshadowed Spear!
…
In the vast desert, Klein suddenly stopped, and while facing Abomination
Suah and the Shaman King, he took off his hat, pressed his hand to his
chest, and bowed.
His body faded and disappeared.
During this process, Klein wasn’t worried about being disturbed at all. This
was because it wasn’t that he was attempting to leave, but that Reinette
Tinekerr had dispelled the Historical Void projection.
This also meant that the operation at the other battlefield had succeeded!