Chapter 1038

: Name Lis
After answering, Leonard snapped to his senses and grasped the hidden
message contained in Klein’s request.
Does he mean that Old Man has once seen something like the Blasphemy
Slate?
Without giving Leonard the chance to think, The World Gehrman Sparrow
surveyed the area and mentioned something else:
“The Church of Evernight has confirmed that Loen King George III hides a
particular secret from the intel they received from MI9’s deputy director,
Brigadier General Qonas Kilgor… He secretly sent people to dig up the
Blood Emperor’s ruins and colluded with the Demoness Sect and
Psychology Alchemists…”
Klein controlled the fake person and described the matter which he had
previously told Miss Justice in greater detail. After he was done, he made
special mention:
“The three Churches don’t seem to have found enough evidence. With Hvin
Rambis’s disappearance, the matter seems to have calmed on the surface…
There is reason to suspect that there’s a traitor amongst the upper echelons
of the three Churches.”
…Something so major actually happened in Backlund this week? Klein
seems to have obtained information from the Church… Why don’t I know
any of that? As he listened, Leonard shot a look at The World Gehrman
Sparrow with an odd expression. He temporarily had his thoughts adrift,
unsure as to who was the Red Gloves of the Church of Evernight and a
target who was about to become a high-ranking member to be nurtured.
Recalling the past, he seemed to grasp something, but he was unable to
fully grasp that spark of inspiration and develop the idea fully.
Xio, who had planned on sharing her encounter with Viscount Stratford and
his testimony at the Tarot Club and seek assistance, was stunned to realize
that the matter Mr. World was investigating overlapped greatly with her
goals.
If I had known this would happen, I would’ve sought Mr. World’s help
when following Viscount Stratford to the dock area. We might’ve been able
to circumvent the restrictions and obtain more clues… Xio looked around
and deliberated over her words, preparing herself to speak.
At this moment, while Alger was feeling shocked, he connected it to the
period three-to four-months ago, a period before The Star and Judgment had
joined the Tarot Club. Back then, The World Gehrman Sparrow had
requested the Tarot Club members to help take note of information
regarding Qonas Kilgor, and he had accused Hvin Rambis of being the
mastermind behind Cuaron’s suicide.
Indeed, a simple suicide case by Cuaron wouldn’t make The World expend
so much of his time and energy. Matters he’s investigating and the people
he takes note of are very likely secrets that have an influence on the global
situation…
Also, there might be a traitor amongst the three Churches’ upper echelons?
Which cardinal or high-ranking deacon could it be? Alger could sense the
surging undercurrents and the scent of an opportunity.
Normally, he wasn’t someone the Church of Storms placed a great
importance on. The best outcome of a Beyonder who acted as a pirate for
prolonged periods of time was to become a Sequence 5 Ocean Songster.
After returning to the Church, they could become an assistant to the
Mandated Punisher’s upper echelons. It was almost impossible for them to
wield holy artifacts and become demigods.
Only with the situation changing and through frequent developments could
he rely on the Tarot Club to showcase his capabilities and make great
contributions. That way, he would be made a target to be nurtured.
Likewise, Cattleya seemed to see the dark clouds accumulating in
Backlund, as well as the strong winds brewing there. She vaguely
understood why the Queen had been staying in Backlund over the past half-
year. As for Emlyn, he frowned, feeling once again that Backlund was no
longer a safe place for the Sanguine to live in.
I can only hope that it doesn’t affect my hunting operation of the key
members of the Rose School of Thought… Also, I hope it doesn’t make
Father and me be that busy like the period after the Great Smog last year…
Emlyn’s frown deepened upon recalling that episode.
He swept his gaze from the corner of his eye at The Sun and discovered that
the youth was sitting upright, his eyes vacant. He couldn’t help but scoff
inwardly.
“I will take note of Hvin Rambis’s whereabouts.” Audrey broke the
temporary silence.
Judgment Xio also looked at The World Gehrman Sparrow and said, “I’m
investigating a matter that involves the king’s secret. If you need my
assistance, please don’t stand on ceremony.”
Having said that, she briefly mentioned the problem of someone monitoring
Shermane.
“Alright.” Klein knew that it was Demoness Trissy and made the fake
person, The World, nod and chuckle hoarsely. “Be it taking note of Hvin
Rambis’s whereabouts or investigating the king’s secret, take note of any
matters that seem too coincidental around you. If there are any
coincidences, immediately inform me.”
He didn’t directly mention the Twilight Hermit Order or Adam, afraid that
Miss Justice and company couldn’t help but think about it in private and be
overly anxious. If they were to reveal any problems, they might attract
unneeded attention.
Too many coincidences… Fors and the other Tarot Club members repeated
this phrase in their minds as they made their own guesses.
After about ten seconds of silence, Derrick said, “I’ll be following the
expedition team to the Afternoon Town camp after a period of making
preparations and adjustments. This time, we might attempt to enter the
Giant King’s Court.”
To Audrey and company, this wasn’t something too sudden. They had long
known that the City of Silver would launch such an operation after The Sun
advanced to Sequence 5.
Therefore, they weren’t shocked or surprised. Instead, they had the feeling
that their patience had paid off, as though a mythical legend was about to
unfold before them in a real, corporeal manner.
Alger thought and gave a vague reminder:
“When the time comes, listen to your Chiefs arrangements and try your best
to pray to Mr. Fool frequently. If you’re stumped, you can request a mini-
gathering for a discussion like The Moon.”
“Alright, Mr. Hanged Man.” Derrick had no problems with that since those
were things he usually did or thought of doing.
After this matter was over, Alger turned to the seat of honor at the end of
the bronze table and reverently said, “Honorable Mr. Fool, I have the
answer to the matter you wanted me to investigate.”
Under the other members’ looks of puzzlement and curiosity, he continued,
“There were five Feysac colonels who participated in the Konotop Sea
battle in 1338. Two of them died in battle, and one died two years ago due
to excessive drinking after being discharged due to age. One was promoted
to Commodore and was transferred to the Imperial Navy College and
became its vice-chancellor. One became a Rear Admiral and is currently
serving as commanding officer of the Feysac Subjugation Fleet’s second
squadron.
Just as he said that, Alger requested for the right to conjure a piece of paper
filled with the detailed intel.
The Fool Klein allowed it to flash in his palm and quickly scanned through
it.
He had made The Hanged Man investigate the Feysac Enmat’s colonel in
the 1338 Konotop Sea battle mainly to seek out Creeping Hunger’s original
owner. That naval officer had captured the Enmat’s second mate, Andy
Haydn in that sea battle and “Grazed” him. He was one of the absolute
victors, so it was impossible for him to have died in battle.
As for his subsequent discovery and encounter in that primitive island with
The Hanged Man, they made Klein suspect that Qilangos had been given
the glove by the Twilight Hermit Order.
Be it an official or periphery member, it’s impossible for him to die that
easily or die from alcoholism… Of course, I can’t eliminate the possibility
of being silenced… Klein thought quickly and remembered three names on
the piece of white paper.
Boris… Died in 1347. Cause of death: Excessive drinking…
Suzdal… 48 years old. Commodore. Feysac Imperial Navy College’s vice-
chancellor…
Dmitriev… 45 years old. Rear Admiral. Commanding officer of Feysac
Subjugation Fleet’s second squadron…
Retracting his gaze, The Fool Klein nodded gently and said to The Hanged
Man, “Continue gathering detailed information of the latter three. Figure
out everything about their lives.”
“Yes, Mr. Fool.” Alger agreed without hesitation.
This was an opportunity for him. After the mission was completed, he could
attempt to request to borrow the cross.
After another round of exchanges, the week’s Tarot Gathering came to an
end. Leonard then returned to the real world.
Sitting on the sofa, he hesitated for a moment before placing his feet on the
coffee table. Then, he asked with a suppressed voice, “Old Man, have you
seen the second Blasphemy Slate before?”
In his mind, Pallez Zoroast’s slight-aged voice sounded:
“No. The one who saw the second Blasphemy Slate was my great
grandfather. Heh heh, who mentioned this?”
Leonard didn’t answer Pallez Zoroast’s question as thoughts resonated in
his mind.
The Blasphemy Slate really exists!
Old Man’s great grandfather had seen the second Blasphemy Slate!
No wonder “He” could become an angel!
After a few seconds, Leonard asked curiously and expectantly, “Old Man,
do you know the potion formula of Nightwatcher?”
Pallez Zoroast immediately scoffed.
“Naive! According to my great grandfather, it was an urgent situation and a
limited opportunity. The Blasphemy Slate could disappear at any moment.
Any smart person will know to grasp a complete Beyonder pathway before
looking at the rest.
“In addition, the knowledge of the Blasphemy Slate appeared in its essence
and not in textual form. Everyone who saw it needed some time to interpret
it. When the Blasphemy Slate was taken away, not everyone managed to
memorize a complete Beyonder pathway, so how could they care about the
others?
“I do have quite a number of potion formulas of the other pathways, but
they were slowly gathered by the family over long periods of time. There
aren’t many High-Sequence formulas among them.”
“Is that so…” Leonard chuckled dryly and asked, “Who took the second
Blasphemy Slate away?”
Pallez Zoroast fell silent for a second before saying, “If my great
grandfather’s description isn’t wrong, that should be King of Angels
Adam.”
“The seven deities—no, it should’ve only been six deities back then, didn’t
participate in this matter?” Leonard pressed in puzzlement.
Pallez Zoroast laughed in an ambiguous manner. “At least not on the
surface.”