Chapter 1319

Life-Preserving Incantation
Seeing that Audrey was willing to attempt the investigation mission, Derlau
nodded and said, “I’ll give you the detailed information later, but I have to
warn you that this matter is rather dangerous. You must not be careless.”
Upon saying that, Derlau paused for a moment and said, “If you encounter
an accident, and you can’t solve it by relying on yourself. You can try to say
a name. This will bring you salvation.”
“What name?” Audrey asked as she had a guess in mind.
Derlau’s expression immediately turned solemn.
“It comes from the Holy Bible of the Third Epoch’s Creator. It involves the
highest mystery of the mind domain, and it has a close relationship with
something of the Psychology Alchemists.
“It’s ‘Adam.'”
Adam… Audrey didn’t find it surprising at all, but she showed her
puzzlement on the surface, as though she didn’t know what this name
meant.
Derlau didn’t explain and instead said, “As a councilor, you should be in
charge of a Grade 1 Sealed Artifact. However, you and Wrath have just
joined the ranks, so there must be an observation period first. Besides, the
former committee member of the Backlund region, Hvin Rambis, has lost a
rather important Sealed Artifact. We are considering whether we should
change the usage method of Sealed Artifacts and allow usage only via an
application.
“In other words, all the Sealed Artifacts will be kept in this mind city. You
usually won’t hold onto them, and can only use them temporarily after an
application for particular incidents.”
The woman in charge of Feysac’s capital’s St. Millom immediately shook
her head.
“There is a very serious flaw in this method. That is that we are unable to
deal with any sudden accidents. Be it enemies or monsters, once we
encounter them, we will not have the time to apply and retrieve the Sealed
Artifact.
“I believe that the current method is good enough. Everyone wields a Grade
1 Sealed Artifact to deal with accidents. When there’s a need, we can apply
for other items.”
Derlau laughed and said, “This was indeed better in the past. But now, you
don’t have to worry.
“As long as you have the chance to resist an accident, then you can directly
enter this mind city to avoid the enemy and obtain the item.
“If there’s no chance, just as I said, reciting the name ‘Adam’ will do.”
You said “Adam” twice. That entity is probably already watching. No, “He”
might have been watching from the very beginning… Audrey’s heart almost
beat faster when she heard that.
“Then how do we enter without your invitation?” Mr. Envy asked as he
nodded.
Derlau pointed at his face and said, “From this council meeting forth, you
can take your persona mask out of this city.
“No matter where you are, as long as there are at least two humans around
you, yes, other than you, you will be able to wear the corresponding
persona mask and enter the city.
“And these seven masks are illusory. They are closely connected to what
you know, and there’s no need to store them in a special way. With just a
thought, you will be able to take them out of the sea of collective
subconscious.”
At that moment, the man, who was wearing the Gluttony mask and exuded
a feeling that he was lost in indulgence, thought for a while and said, “Will
bringing the persona mask out of this city affect our mental state and true
personality?”
“There will be some effects that need attention. But I believe that you are
all experts in the mind domain. You have the ability to resolve problems in
this aspect,” Derlau said frankly.
Audrey was a little worried that these seven persona masks had something
to do with Adam, but she didn’t dare think about it in the mind city. She
forced herself to rein in her thoughts and replied to what Derlau had said
before, “I can accept the two safekeeping methods of the Grade 1 Sealed
Artifact. I’ll patiently wait for the probationary period to end.”
“Miss, you aren’t proud,” Miss Sloth, who looked like she was sleeping,
commented with a smile.
After discussing the mind dragon in East Chester County, the other five
councilors began introducing things that were worth paying attention to in
their respective areas as an exchange of information.
During this process, Mr. Gluttony, who seemed to be capable of eating an
entire cow at any moment and wore ten rings, said, “The Constant region
hasn’t been peaceful recently. There have been many miracles happening
one after another.
“First, Constant City was rebuilt overnight. Second, Belltaine City’s
citizens collectively lost their memories of a certain period of time. Third, a
powerful archmage who grants the wishes of others for pleasure has been
wandering the eastern shore of the Midseashire. He’s called Merlin Hermes.
Related to this, there’s an item known as the ‘Fully Automatic Wishing
Machine.’
“Other than that, I also noticed something strange. Many rats, cockroaches,
and crows in Constant City have lost their souls, days after the city was
miraculously restored.”
“Why were you able to sense this problem?” Mr. Lust looked up at
Gluttony from the bottom.
Gluttony gulped and said, “I’ve been researching the mind problems of
ordinary creatures recently. Rats, cockroaches, and crows are my
experimental subjects.”
The councilors immediately started discussing the direction of this research
before the meeting officially entered the third stage.
Their academic exchange enriched Audrey’s knowledge quite a bit. She
listened very seriously and would occasionally share her thoughts and
insights.
“Alright, this conference will end here.” After a while, Derlau clapped his
hands.
Audrey subconsciously wanted to stand up and lead the other councilors
into bowing and bidding farewell. However, she quickly came to her senses
and continued sitting there, being the penultimate person to stand up.
Before leaving, she asked curiously, “Mr. President, does this city have a
name?”
“Yes.” Derlau laughed. “The Garden of Eden.”
Garden of Eden… Audrey saw that the other councillors were walking
towards the door and asked thoughtfully, “There are many cathedrals here.
They should represent a faith. Uh, I wonder which existence the ‘residents’
here believe in?”
Derlau nodded and replied solemnly, “The omnipotent and omniscient
Creator.”
…
Garden of Eden… The omnipotent and omniscient Creator… If this wasn’t
created by Adam, I’ll write my name backward! Above the gray fog, inside
the ancient palace, Klein looked at the crimson star representing Miss
Justice and silently muttered to himself.
In addition, to recite “Adam” when faced with danger as a response would
indicate a problem without concealing anything.
Ever since Miss Justice entered the Garden of Eden, the true vision
provided by Sefirah Castle had been suppressed. Klein could only use
Audrey’s point of view to observe the surroundings, just like how Queen
Mystic Bernadette’s fixed viewpoint back on the primitive island. To a
certain extent, this also showed the status of the mind city, Garden of Eden.
Klein gently tapped the edge of the long mottled table and conjured a pen
and paper to write his thoughts.
This wasn’t something he couldn’t analyze based on his own thinking.
Instead, when facing an existence like Adam, he needed to repeatedly
ponder and analyze the details. Thus, the words that formed on the paper
helped him to read them back and forth so as to notice and make up any
missing details.
“Basic premise; Adam has already advanced to Sequence 0 using the full-
scale war from before. By becoming a true god, ‘He’ can be known as a
Visionary.
“Miss Justice happened to become a Sequence 4 Manipulator after Hvin
Rambis’s death. She may be able to convince others, but she can’t convince
Adam.
“What does Adam want? Setting up a Sequence 4 saint doesn’t match ‘His’
identity as a Visionary unless ‘He’ has another ploy up ‘His’ sleeves…
“His real target is the mind dragon, or is it me who’s backing Miss Justice?
“Care and vigilance must be enhanced on this matter. We must not be
careless.
“In the Garden of Eden, the cathedral that the Psychology Alchemists
councilors were using is similar to Adam’s corpse cathedral. However, it’s
only a little similar. The stone columns on its exterior are inlaid with several
skulls. There is no corresponding layout inside, and the color is dark-black
and very gloomy. What does this mean?
“What does that grayish-white dragon coiling around the huge cross
symbolize? The first step in resurrecting the Creator has been successful?
“Uh, Adam is already a Visionary. If ‘His’ father or the original Creator
returns, ‘He’ would be the first one to be unlucky. ‘He’ is willing to
sacrifice ‘Himself’? This is the meaning of being ‘zealous’?
“That rabbit is suspected to be Hermes… However, as an angel of the
Spectator pathway, it doesn’t make sense for ‘Him’ to not be able to remove
Miss Messenger’s transformation curse after so long, especially since ‘He’
has a Visionary who can provide help… Hmm, did Hermes do it on
purpose?
“Yes, the president of the Psychology Alchemists, Derlau, mentioned that to
the Spectator, death only represented the end of one’s identity. He can still
participate in other theatrical plays in other aspects as another identity…
“By combining them together, does this mean that once the Spectator
pathway reaches Sequence 3 or Sequence 2, they can separate the identities
they once held and make them become living people? And even if these
identities were to die, it wouldn’t lead to the deaths of their real bodies?
“It does look like the preamble to becoming a Visionary…
“Hmm, the rabbit that Hermes turned into after being cursed was separated
as an identity which later directly participated in the Psychology
Alchemists? What does ‘He’ want to do? Back then, when the Twilight
Hermit Order communicated, ‘He’ was sitting beside the Emperor…”
After Klein was done writing, he put down his fountain pen and carefully
read the contents a few times, his heart clouded with mystery and
puzzlement.
In the end, he could only decide to continue observing and be vigilant.
And at this moment, Audrey had already taken the carriage she used, exited
the Garden of Eden, and returned to the park in Empress Borough with the
man-made lake.
She wasn’t in a rush to pray to Mr. Fool, hoping that there would be a better
way to seal the Pride mask. She returned to her luxurious villa as though
nothing had happened.