Chapter 1349

: Door
After Bernadette received no response, she held the Magic Wishing Lamp
and walked to the window in the captain’s cabin to take in the deep blue
sea.
She wasn’t impatient, nor did she attempt to use her powers of prophecy,
patiently waiting for any further developments.
After a few minutes, a grayish-white fog suddenly appeared in front of her
eyes.
Right on the heels of that, the fog was dyed golden, as though it was coated
with a layer of sticky syrup.
Bernadette immediately bowed her head and looked at the Magic Wishing
Lamp in her hand. She saw that the wick at the mouth of the lamp had
automatically ignited itself.
Above the gray fog, in the ancient palace, beside The Fool’s chair, the
prayer light, which was the size of a human head, was instantly occupied by
a distorted, blurry golden figure.
The figure’s gaze penetrated the prayer light and penetrated the grayish-
white fog, looking at the “maggot vortex” that was attempting to destroy
everything around it.
“His” voice immediately reverberated within Sefirah Castle, dignified and
grand:
“You actually lost control?”
The tone of Genie was clearly mocking; “He” didn’t care whether the crazy
Worms of Spirit could understand “Him.”
At this moment, a strange door of light formed from countless balls of light
appeared above the chair of The Fool that had already collapsed.
It was faintly discernible and emitted a bright light, forming a complicated
symbol in midair.
This symbol originally existed behind The Fool’s chair, formed from the
Pupil-less Eye and the Contorted Lines.
As the symbol took form, the strange light became fainter and eventually
completely fused into this space.
In the next second, Klein’s voice came from the symbol representing The
Fool:
“Genie, I want to make a deal with you.”
The blurry and distorted figure immediately laughed.
“Haha, I said that you would eventually agree.”
After laughing for a few seconds, Genie calmed down and said, “I was just
wondering how is it possible for the new owner of Sefirah Castle to so
easily lose control.”
“This was a preparation I made for the worst-case scenario.” The voice in
the symbol of The Fool wasn’t impatient at all.
Genie laughed and said, “Aren’t you afraid that I’ll raise the price at the last
minute?”
Klein replied unhurriedly, “This is just one of my preparations, but for you,
it might be the only chance for many years.”
Genie’s light-gold figure swayed as though it had been blown by a gust of
wind as a grand voice sounded:
“My condition is the same as before. As long as you can remove the seal
and release me, I will take what belongs to me back to the cosmos. I will
leave the rest to you and grant you three wishes.
“Of course, from the looks of it, you seem to need my advance payment.”
Klein’s voice sounded again from the symbol of The Fool:
“The promise I’ll give you is to send the Magic Wishing Lamp into the
cosmos before the end of 1368 in this epoch Age. As for how you get out of
your predicament, that is your own problem. My request is even simpler,
and I only need two wishes.
“This is the deal I’m talking about. Whether you agree with it is up to you.”
1368 was the year when the Oldest One’s barrier disappeared. It was
acknowledged by the world’s prophets as the apocalypse.
The blurry and distorted figure fell silent for a few seconds before saying,
“If you don’t remove the seal, the wishes I can grant will be very limited.
Once it exceeds a certain level, it will be granted in an extremely twisted
fashion.”
Inside the symbol of The Fool that was cast with a brilliant light, Klein’s
calm voice sounded:
“You can fulfill the two wishes I need now.”
Genie fell silent again and didn’t speak for a long time.
…
Bayam, inside the primitive forest.
Verdu, who was burning up both internally and externally, didn’t waste any
time. According to the God of War’s instructions, he modified the altar and
engraved the correct symbols, magic labels, and strange patterns.
He was originally worried that the three demigod monsters would suddenly
wake up, but when the ritual was ready, the sacrificial items remained
unconscious, unable to resist.
After placing the squirming meat blob, the deformed star bird, and the
white raven with a dark eye circle onto the right spot, Verdu looked at the
only candle on the altar and lit it.
Then, he took a few steps back and chanted solemnly in Jotun, “Great Door
of All Doors;
“Guide of the endless cosmos;
“Key to all mysterious worlds.”
“I pray for your response, praying for you to descend into this world…”
Before he could finish his sentence, three loud bangs sounded from the
altar.
The three demigod monsters that corresponded to Bizarro Sorcerer, Secrets
Sorcerer, and Parasite seemed to be being held by an invisible hand. They
only struggled slightly before exploding, turning into blobs of flesh and
blood that shimmered with different colors.
The flesh and blood seemed to have a life of its own. Under the guidance of
some indescribable force, they gathered in the air, forming strange and
filthy symbols.
Countless symbols combined together, forming a huge door that was still
squirming like flesh and blood, one that was more than five meters tall.
The door stood on the altar. It was pitch black inside, and it was unknown
where it went.
Flames from the candle representing Mr. Door suddenly soared,
illuminating the entire Door of Flesh and Blood, illuminating the darkness
within.
In the darkness, there were tiny balls of stellar light condensing into
spherical lights. On closer inspection, they looked like strange insects with
bent bodies.
The spherical light rapidly rose, forming a gigantic arm that passed through
the Doors of Flesh and Blood.
This arm, which clearly didn’t belong to a human, pressed against the altar
and forcefully squeezed out, causing the entire Door of Blood and Flesh to
shake. Even the forest and the entire island began to shake as though it was
an earthquake.
Verdu watched this scene happily, and his vision suddenly blurred.
Pa!
Something fell from his face into the bushes.
Verdu subconsciously lowered his head and saw an eye with bulging blood
vessels rolling around.
Pa, Pa, Pa. His nose, ears, and remaining eye, as well as his muscles,
plopped to the ground one after another, each seeping with a stellar
radiance.
Thump!
His body collapsed as his flesh and blood completely collapsed.
At that moment, the arm finally squeezed through the Door of Flesh and
Blood and attempted to pull out the rest of its body.
Boom!
In the darkness behind the door, thick lightning bolts formed a storm and
descended, but they were swallowed by the sudden appearance of a blood-
colored tide.
Finally, a gigantic figure formed from pure spherical lights passed through
the Door of Flesh and Blood.
In the next second, the spherical light began to collapse and fold, as though
they were going to undergo a qualitative change. Following that, dark
cracks appeared out of the void in the surrounding forest.
These cracks directly engulfed the different parts of the trees, turning them
into strange shapes.
At the same time, a hurricane from unknown origins blew out from a crack
and swept in all directions. The entire Blue Mountain Island that Bayam
was on trembled as though it was about to sink.
Inside the Cathedral of Waves, Alger Wilson, who was vexed over failing to
monitor Verdu after he “Teleported,” suddenly heard the sounds of doors
opening.
Every door in the city was opened automatically at this moment.
This… Alger turned his head and looked into the forest outside the city that
seemed to be the source of the anomaly.
Thud!
The moment the door opened, Derrick, who had been woken up by the
earthquake, frowned.
Creak! Creak! Creak!
In the cities like Backlund, Trier, and St. Millom, all things that could be
called doors opened.
…
Above the gray fog, in the half-collapsed ancient palace, the crazy maggot
vortex instinctively attacked the light-gold figure and The Fool symbol, but
nothing came out of it.
After nearly a minute, Genie suddenly chuckled.
“You really aren’t ‘Him.’ Otherwise, I’d have distorted the promise you
made just now and made ‘His’ seal be removed automatically.”
“This effect can only be achieved by twisting the original owner’s words?
You previously used this method to realize that I’m not the Lord of the
Mysteries?” Klein’s voice sounded from the symbol of The Fool.
Genie scoffed and said, “I have at least ten ways to verify that it’s ‘Him.'”
Without waiting for Klein’s reply, the pale-gold figure smiled and said,
“You don’t seem like you can maintain this state for too long. Alright, the
deal has been made. After I complete your two wishes, you must send the
Magic Wishing Lamp into the cosmos before 1368 of this epoch.”
Genie’s voice gradually turned solemn, as if “He” was proclaiming a law.
At that moment, “He” seemed to have established a particular rule based on
this deal. There was no need to worry that Klein would go back on his word
in the future.
“If you can’t fulfill this promise, even if you become the Lord of the
Mysteries, you will perish and split,” warned the Genie as he asked, “Tell
me your two wishes. Take note. Don’t involve higher-level Beyonder
characteristics, and don’t exceed the limit of my present powers. Otherwise,
the wish will be granted in a distorted way. This is a rule that has been set. I
can’t violate it now.”
In the symbol of The Fool that was outlined by the bright light, Klein’s
voice calmly said, “The first wish: The two wishes that Bernadette Gustav
previously made are to be brought under my name. This should be very
simple for you.”
Genie immediately said with a smile, “Indeed, you want to make use of the
terrible outcome from making a third wish to deal with your current
predicament. Not bad, this is something that stems from my level. I will
satisfy your wish and let you die in pain.”
Klein’s voice sounded again:
“The second wish: Let my Utopia give rise to a corresponding region in the
spirit world. This doesn’t involve the advancement of a Sequence, nor does
it have anything to do with higher-level Beyonder characteristics. You can
definitely do it.”
Genie’s light-gold figure wavered before “He” said with a smile, “Your
wish will be granted.”
…
Inside the corpse cathedral.
Klein touched the bloody wooden stake on his chest, as though he was
considering how to get it out.
During this process, he casually asked Adam, “You didn’t attempt to
become a god in the Fourth Epoch because you didn’t obtain 0-08?”
“It was one factor. More importantly, there were still many latent dangers
that haven’t been resolved at that time.” Adam looked at the huge cross in
front of “Him” with a warm gaze.
Klein turned his head to the side and looked at the Visionary and said, “For
example, during that period, the remnant will of the Primordial One was
still very strong…”
Before he finished his sentence, a large amount of bright-red blood flowed
down Klein’s head.
However, the corner of his lips curled up slightly.