Chapter 1117

The Strongest Organization
As the flames flickered, Derrick and company subconsciously looked at the
long dark red table. The first thing they noticed was the figure closest to
them.
The figure wore a simple linen robe, and had a head of long silver hair and
indiscernible facial features. It made Colin, Lovia, and Derrick find the
figure oddly familiar.
In an instant, they felt as though a bolt of lightning struck their minds,
illuminating their blurry memories.
“Angel of Fate, Ouroboros!”
Just as the pupils of the team from the City of Silver dilated, the figure
turned around and looked at them.
A pair of indifferent eyes immediately occupied their vision as
extraordinary mysterious rings appeared.
In a daze, Derrick saw a figure in front of him. He was a handsome, radiant,
and energetic man. He wore a pure white robe and had short golden hair.
With his appearance, the surroundings became abnormally bright. The
warm feeling was like a ray of light, instantly filling every spot.
Derrick felt as though he had seen the “day,” as mentioned in legends,
momentarily forgetting where he was or what he was doing.
The man took a step forward and his blurry figure overlapped with Derrick.
Then, Derrick sat beside the dark red long table, occupying one of the high-
back chairs.
He had become the handsome and radiant man who was attending a secret
gathering.
At the same time, the grizzled City of Silver Chief, Colin, whose face was
covered in old scars, encountered the same blurry and illusory figure.
The figure was seven to eight meters tall. He was wearing silver full-body
armor, and his eyes were glowing like the light of dawn.
He raised the long sword in his hand, letting it press against Colin Iliad’s
forehead like a scepter.
Demon Hunter Colin struggled for a moment, but he quickly calmed down
when he was enveloped by the orange light.
With that, he and the giant in front of him merged into one. He strode
towards the dark red table and sat on the second seat on the right.
Shepherd Lovia encountered a man in a long black robe. He had black curly
hair over his shoulders and a pair of eyes that seemed to be covered in
shadows. It was difficult to see his face clearly, but the silver threads,
complicated patterns, and gorgeous accessories were directly reflected in
her mind.
Lovia trembled and couldn’t help but lower her head, allowing the layers of
black wings on the man’s back to wrap around her.
She became the man and walked to the end of the dark red table.
There were two high-back chairs with complex patterns placed there. Lovia
chose the left one.
The remaining members of the City of Silver’s expedition team also
encountered similar situations, but the figures they faced were different.
After “they” found their seats on both sides of the dark red table, the area
around the empty high-back chair at the seat of honor became darker,
outlining a female figure that seemed to be shrouded in fog.
Right on the heels of that, a voice that seemed to transmigrate from ancient
times echoed in the ears of the “attendees.”
“…We are trying to redeem ourselves, and also maintain the balance of this
world…”
“…Dissociation and deviation are undoubtedly the most basic order…”
“…This is also in line with ‘His’ thoughts…”
“…I can’t deny that we all have our own sinister thoughts and desires, but
this is very normal…”
“… Death and spilling blood are inevitable. In the name of Rose
Redemption…”
Above the gray fog, Klein listened attentively. He couldn’t wait to hear
more of the content said by the voice.
However, whether it was the scene or the voice, it began to loop. It was as if
it had only been fixed at a section lasting less than a minute.
This is the scene of the establishment of the Rose Redemption? Previously,
the Red Angel evil spirit said that this was an extremely secretive
organization established by a group of corrupted angels. Now, it seems like
that isn’t the case… The person who said that was probably not Medici, but
either Sauron and Einhorn. “They” actually didn’t know much about Rose
Redemption… Klein mumbled inwardly as he cast his gaze back at the City
of Silver team that were repeating the actions like puppets—approaching
the table, sitting down, listening, and leaving.
When the torches around the hall lit up one after another, Klein had already
found something unusual with his “true vision.”
He saw the murals on the wall come alive and rapidly expand, overlapping
with the hall. It made the table, chairs, and floor tiles that had been cold for
thousands of years warm up once again. It made the figures that had once
been in this secret meeting cross the borders of time, “reviving” at their
fixed seats, allowing the words from the past to reappear.
Many of those figures were familiar to Klein.
One of them was the Angel of Fate Ouroboros.
This King of Angels, who was still a member of the Rose Redemption, was
the most lifelike among all the illusory figures.
Combined with how the scenes were looping, Klein began to suspect the
person who left the murals was Tail Devourer Ouroboros.
In the previous temple ruins, there were murals left behind by “Him,”
likewise for the ruins of the battle of the Gods…
In the Giant King’s Court, there are similar murals and signs of those
powers. I wouldn’t believe it if anyone were to say it’s not “Him”… Just
how much does this King of Angels like murals? He draws them wherever
“He” goes… Klein couldn’t help but lampoon Ouroboros in his mind.
The second figure he noticed was sitting beside the Angel of Fate
Ouroboros. He was dressed in black armor that seemed to be splashed with
blood. He had red hair that resembled fire, looking young and handsome.
The reason why he paid attention to this figure was because he had seen it
in his dreams.
In addition, “it” was also the most arrogant person among all the figures.
Not only did it sit back in its chair, but it also placed its feet on the dark red
long table. It didn’t mind that the surrounding people were high-level
figures of the same status.
Red Angel, Medici!
These are the Kings of Angels who participated in the secret gathering?
Who else is involved… As Klein’s thoughts raced, he decided to first rescue
the people from the City of Silver who couldn’t exit the looping cycles of
fate.
He had a lot of experience in this aspect.
Yes, the medium to the loop is the hall itself. However, there’s no need to
attempt to destroy it. As long as it can temporarily break the cycle of fate,
the dusk outside will seep in and dispel any abnormalities… They belong to
the divine kingdom itself. In terms of status, they can only be stronger or on
par with the power left behind by Ouroboros… After observing for a few
seconds, Klein quickly came to a conclusion.
After flipping a gold coin for a divination, he immediately spread his
spirituality towards the crimson star representing The Sun.
Derrick Berg’s Spirit Body immediately tore through the cycle of fate,
creating an invisible crack.
The orange glow from the light of dusk outside the palace immediately
surged into the hall from the window up high.
Without waiting for Little Sun to figure out his situation, for fear that the
True Creator would lock onto him, Klein didn’t hesitate to let him return to
the real world.
Derrick snapped out of his daze and realized that he had unknowingly sat
down at the side of the dark red table.
He looked up blankly and saw the Chief, Elder Lovia, Haim, Antiona, and
the others. He realized that there were still certain traces of confusion on
their faces.
Thinking back to his experience just now, Derrick was alert as he
deliberated and said, “The cycle of fate…”
“Indeed.” Colin Iliad, who had experienced this before, nodded slightly and
stood up.
He looked around, and his gaze landed on the largest mural that he had seen
lately.
The mural depicted the same exact hall. There were similar columns,
torches, the dark red table, complicated high- back chairs, and object layout.
As for those high-back chairs, there were eleven figures sitting in them. At
the very end were two seats, and along the table, five on the left and four on
the right.
The City of Silver team’s eyes also followed the Chiefs and took in the
corresponding scene.
The five figures on the left were the beautiful silver-haired man; the red-
haired and arrogantly-seated man; an elder wearing a hood that exposed
only his mouth, winkles, and beard; a dignified middle-aged man dressed in
black armor; and a handsome man dressed in white robes.
The four on the right were a black-robed mummy wrapped in bandages; a
middle-aged man with facial features resembling the natives of the
Southern Continent; a giant covered in silver armor; and a supple, beautiful,
and dignified lady.
The two high-back chairs at the very end were a man with dark black curly
hair and a woman shrouded in fog.
At that moment, a Guardian raised his right hand and pointed at the
handsome white-robed man.
“His figure is made up of mysterious symbols. These symbols represent:
“White Angel, Aucuses…
Before the Guardian could finish his sentence, he suddenly let out a tragic
cry as golden flames spewed out from his body.
He instantly became a charred corpse, as if it would be reduced to ashes the
moment it was touched. It made Demon Hunter Colin and Shepherd Lovia
incapable of saving him in time.
“Don’t try to distinguish those symbols. They contain immense power,”
Colin hurriedly warned the others.
And above the gray fog, Klein was thinking of another matter:
White Angel Aucuses. That’s the Eternal Blazing Sun’s true name?
If not for the fact that the Giant King’s Court itself isolates itself from
projected powers, just using Jotun to read this name will attract “His”
attention and incur divine punishment…
Amidst his thoughts, Demon Hunter Colin stabbed his swords in front of
him, creating an invisible barrier.
Then, this City of Silver Chief identified the symbols and labels that formed
those figures.
He began reading it slowly and firmly from the left.
“Angel of Fate, Ouroboros…
“War Angel, Medici…
“Wisdom Angel, Herabergen…”
At this point, the invisible barrier that was constantly shaking suddenly
stopped. This was because this name was no stranger to the people of the
City of Silver.
This was the true name of the Dragon of Wisdom!
Could it be that the Dragon of Wisdom later became the Wisdom Angel
next to the Lord? Similar questions arose in everyone’s hearts, but Klein
discovered something strange.
The history of the City of Silver had records of the name Herabergen. The
language they used on a daily basis was Jotun, a language that could
mobilize the surrounding forces of nature.
This also meant that, in the past two to three thousand years, someone in the
City of Silver had definitely read or written the name “Herabergen” before,
but there was no response from the God of Knowledge and Wisdom. The
Church of Knowledge and Wisdom still wasn’t able to find the Forsaken
Land of the Gods.
At this moment, Colin Iliad controlled his emotions and continued reading,
“Wind Angel, Leodero…
“White Angel, Aucuses…
“Dark Angel, Sasrir…
“Evernight Goddess, Amanises…
“God of Combat, Badheil…
“Earth Mother, Omebella_
“God of the Dead, Salinger…
“God of Spiritual Creatures, Tolzna”,
Although Klein had expected this, he was still somewhat stunned.
The former Rose Redemption was frighteningly powerful!
Amongst the seven deities today, six of them were members. There was also
Death, the God of Spiritual Creatures, and three Kings of Angels.
This made him recall what the Red Angel evil spirit had once said:
“Rose Redemption has a close relationship with the birth of the True
Creator. It’s impossible for you to imagine that certain people were once
members of Rose Redemption, but they’ve since left it…”