Chapter 312

: A Failed Disguise
When Derrick finished, Klein manipulated The World to nod and say,
“More detailed than I thought.
“Transaction complete.”
Before The World finished his sentence, Klein had simultaneously removed
the barriers insulating Justice, The Hanged Man, and The Magician.
After a few seconds of silence, The World looked around and said with a
dark smile, “I don’t have any more requests for now.”
Having a rough understanding of the process and its characteristics, Fors
was eager to purchase the corresponding Sequence 8 Trickmaster of the
Apprentice Sequence.
She clearly remembered that Mr. Fool had said that the reason she was
troubled by the full moon was due to her low natural order of life, and that
the pain would decrease with the rise of her Sequence.
This made Fors eager to obtain the next formula.
However, it would expose the Beyonder pathway I’m from… When everyone
becomes familiar with each other and knows more about each other,
exposure will become less of a serious matter. However, for the next few
gatherings, I have to conceal that so that the members of the gathering
won’t be able to identify the real me… After thinking rather calmly for a
moment, Fors said, “I wish to obtain the formula of Apothecary and
Trickmaster. I will pay in cash.”
She intentionally added the Apothecary formula to her actual request in
order to cause the others to have a misinterpretation. If any member of the
gathering really had the formula, she would still take it. She could then sell
it at a higher price to Viscount Glaint who been longing for this formula for
a long time. In any case, she definitely wouldn’t suffer a loss because of this
and might even make a huge profit.
As for money, Fors wasn’t short of it for the time being. Not only were the
royalties of her best-selling book entering into her account over time, it was
accumulating to quite a sizable amount. Furthermore, she also had
additional income streams, such as the 650 pounds she had received from
Miss Audrey in the Qilangos and Intis Ambassador Bakerland cases.
Poor Xio. She spent more than two hundred pounds to compensate the
families of the two deceased which were involved in the Lanevus case. I
wonder if Miss Audrey would pay her when things clear up… The note with
Mr. Fool’s honorary name on it was found in the bookcase of Viscount
Glaint’s house. Could it be that one of his ancestors was a member of this
gathering? Is this a gathering that has been held regularly for decades if
not centuries? Fors’s thoughts were suddenly a little distracted.
Only two seats away from her, Justice Audrey was a little stunned when she
heard Fors’s request for the Apothecary and Trickmaster formulas before
she accurately grasped Fors’s thoughts.
She’s Fors! The Trickmaster is for herself, and the Apothecary formula is to
be sold to Glaint. She can also do this to complicate the situation and fool
the others… Audrey nodded indiscernibly and was more certain of The
Magician’s identity.
She’s not of a very high Sequence. At best 8, most likely 9. Who knows
where Mr. Fool pulled her from or if she’s from a special place… Her
accent has the peculiarities of Backlund, but she’s not necessarily in
Backlund… The Hanged Man Alger was also observing the newcomer,
making sure that she wasn’t a threat to him.
The Sun Derrick didn’t think too much about it. He was just trying to guess
whether Miss Magician belonged to the City of Silver or if she was from
the world where Miss Justice and the others lived.
Klein cast a look of pity at Miss Magician, not expecting much from her
attempt to conceal her identity.
When you meet a Telepathist who is very familiar with you, you might not
be able to conceal your true thoughts even if you know the other party’s
ability beforehand and are on guard against it. What’s more, you didn’t even
know anything… The Fool, Klein, sighed in his heart for Miss Magician.
At the same time, he controlled The World who said hoarsely, “I have the
Apothecary formula. 230 pounds.
“As for the Trickmaster formula, I’ll do my best to find it, but I can’t
guarantee success.”
There was no contradiction between exchanging the Apothecary formula for
money and using it to groom a useful helper. They could be run in
conjunction, so Klein made The World speak first so as not to be
intercepted by The Hanged Man or The Sun.
As for the formula for Trickmaster, he only had some ideas.
From his point of view, the mystical item, Master Key, was most likely
related to the corresponding sequence of Trickmaster’s corresponding
Sequence 9, Apprentice. If he were able to divine its origins above the gray
fog, he might be able to find some clues.
Well, actually the most convenient way is to ask the existence suspected to
be Mr. Door who keeps murmuring during a full moon. In addition to
asking for help, he probably provides formulas and the “acting method” so
as to make the target stronger and complete difficult tasks. Unfortunately,
before the target is strong, they can’t even hear his ravings. They will break
down and even be close to losing control. This results in a vicious cycle…
Klein lamented.
Instead of responding to Mr. World’s words, Fors looked around and saw
that The Hanged Man, Justice, and The Sun had no intention of opening
their mouths.
It was obvious that they didn’t know the Apothecary and Trickmaster
formulas.
“Mr. World, please try your best to find the Trickmaster formula as soon as
possible.” Fors fell silent for a few seconds before saying, “As for the
Apothecary formula, I plan to buy it now. How should I make the
payment?”
The other party seemed to be a man from Loen as well, and he’s willing to
accept gold pounds… But the gold pound has always been more recognized
than the other currencies… As she spoke, Fors was also trying to determine
The World’s background.
The World completely didn’t mind her sizing him up as he said softly, “You
can sacrifice the money to Mr. Fool after you return. That way, the
transaction will be closed.
“The exact sacrificial ritual is…”
Sacrifice? Mr. Fool can still accept sacrifices? His life’s natural order has
reached such a level? No wonder he used that tone to describe the owner of
the ravings during the full moon… Fors listened and remembered, surprised
and shocked, but she also felt that it was a matter of course.
After finishing his description, Klein displayed the Apothecary formula in
front of The World and had the fake person hand it to Miss Magician.
“The transaction is witnessed by Mr. Fool, so you don’t have to worry if it’s
fake.”
“I trust Mr. Fool.” Fors nodded immediately. She spread open the formula
and began memorizing it seriously.
At that moment, Audrey, who couldn’t bear to see her friend go through
such labor, commented, “You can seek Mr. Fool’s help during the sacrifice
to recall the formula. You don’t have to memorize it specially. If you
encounter any problems, you can also pray to “Him” by reciting “His”
honorable name”
“Him”? Miss Justice is actually using a salutation used to describe deities
to address Mr. Fool!? “Him,””Him”… Could it be that he is really a
“He”? But, why would he be willing to help us in doing such trivial
matters… That’s not right. As long as the ritualistic magic is done right, the
seven orthodox gods will also often respond to their believers and complete
their requests… Fors said to Justice, “Thank you for telling me that. Your
name is just like your character.”
“…” Audrey suddenly felt a little guilty.
She suddenly seemed to recall a problem as she hurriedly asked, “Miss
Magician, do you know of the ‘acting method’?”
“Acting method?” Fors looked at Justice in a daze.
She soon discovered that the other members such as The Sun and The
Hanged Man had no additional reaction to the term. Clearly, they knew
what it meant.
Today’s gathering makes me feel like a country bumpkin who has just
arrived in Backlund… I’ve been to so many Beyonder gatherings at the very
least, alright! Fors thought, half sorrowfully, half joyously.
She couldn’t help but want to write a novel with this feeling of hers, naming
it “Miss Wall’s Tour of Dreamland.”
“You don’t seem to know.” Audrey made a definite judgment based on
Fors’s reaction and her usual performance.
She turned around and looked at the person shrouded in gray fog at the end
of the long table.
“Mr. Fool, can I teach the ‘acting method’ to Miss Magician?
“If so, what price would she have to pay?”
Audrey had intended to ask directly if it was like before—trading the
information for entries of Roselle’s diary. However, she quickly
remembered that there was a great overlap between the Beyonder circles of
Fors and her own. Therefore, if she did that, she might lose many
opportunities of obtaining Roselle’s diary.
It’s not a very important problem since it’s just a matter of time before Fors
realizes that Mr. Fool wants Roselle’s diary, and I would certainly have
other Beyonder circles. However, she knows that I have a few pages of
Roselle’s diary, and if she wants to collect them, she will come to me
immediately. However, Mr. Fool has read all of those diary entries… After
this gathering, I have to find a chance to tell Fors that all the Roselle diary
pages were accidentally lost… Audrey predicted the chain of events and
tried her best to convey her concerns to Mr. Fool in body language.
What’s Miss Justice hinting at? Oh, she knows Fors, but she doesn’t want to
reveal her identity, which means that she doesn’t want the payment I request
to cause any trouble in that regard… Klein thoughtfully chuckled.
“You can make the decision. You can do the explanation since I do not wish
to repeat what I’ve said in the past.”
This is also a form of respect to the Goddess… he added inwardly.
Praise Mr. Fool! Audrey’s heart leaped in joy.
She straightened her back and slightly raised her chin. She tried to look at
Fors in a different manner as she said, “The ‘acting method’ is a method to
speed up the mastery of potions and minimize the risk of losing control.
“Do you want to know about it?”
There’s such a method? For real? Mr. Fool is such a lofty figure, so he
definitely wouldn’t lie about such a small matter! Fors widened her
somewhat languid eyes, pursed his lips and said, “Yes!”
As long as one was a Beyonder, there was no way they wouldn’t wish to
learn of similar methods! Fors suddenly felt thrilled.
Audrey thought carefully and said, “There are two requirements. One,
without the permission of Mr. Fool, you are not to teach the ‘acting method’
to others.
“The second is to pay 200 pounds.”
Her original plan was to use Roselle’s diary as a benchmark for the price.
The number of pages she and The Hanged Man had used to repay the debt
had been converted into a corresponding price, but in reality, Roselle’s diary
was sold cheaply because it couldn’t be deciphered, and most of the time, it
was impossible to determine which was the real one. Converting that to a
total price was quite a letdown to the value of the acting method; therefore,
she added a little more from that benchmark.
Hmm… If Mr. Fool’s adorer is no longer short of money, then I will take the
200 pounds, and I will look for the diary entries to repay my debt with Mr.
Fool… Audrey had already thought of a follow-up deal.
200 pounds? The method to reduce the risk of losing control is 200 pounds?
Th-that’s way too cheap, isn’t it? Fearing that Justice would go back on her
word, the surprised and happy Fors said without hesitation, “Deal!”
After she finished speaking, she felt her heart pain for the money. She felt
that her bank balance was decreasing at a speed that was visible to the
naked eye.