Chapter 636

: Slaughterer
Admiral of Stars Cattleya thought before answering, “Tonight at 8. Dock
6.”
Not bad. There’s no delay at all… Klein nodded slightly.
“Okay.”
Just as he said that, the light inside the crystal ball suddenly converged as
the figure dressed in a black, classic robe darkened and blurred before
quickly vanishing.
Holding the crystal ball which had turned very ordinary, Klein turned
around, pulled open the door, and walked out.
Glancing at the boss who was guzzling alcohol while leaning against a wall,
he threw the crystal ball at him.
The boss fumbled to catch it as Klein unhurriedly walked down the stairs
and left the warehouse.
Once he was out of Hot Whale Dance, he took out his golden pocket watch
and snapped it open to check the time.
It’s almost noon. Most bars will be open… Klein stopped a rental carriage
and used Feysac to tell the driver to head to the Lærdal Bar. It meant Dawn
Bar in the local language. It was a place where adventurers would gather in
the Gargas Archipelago.
To Klein, the gathering of different intel and news was meaningful. This
might aid him in making the best judgment at critical points in time,
allowing him to escape the misfortune of losing his life. Therefore, even if
he didn’t like bars, he often went there. He would get a cup of thick malt
beer and silently sit in the corner of the bar counter and listen to any matters
of interest which people mentioned at sea.
In addition, he wanted to know about Roy King, who had been imprisoned
in Bayam’s governor-general’s office. Over the past two months, Snake of
Mercury Will Auceptin hadn’t sent him any dreams. Similarly, Fate
Councilor Ricciardo didn’t summon his messenger to provide him any clues
to a powerful mystical item.
About twenty minutes later, the carriage came to a halt. A huge vertical
signboard with the words Lærdal Bar appeared before Klein’s eyes.
He habitually took out two soli in notes and handed them to the carriage
driver.
It was only when he saw the worn face of the carriage driver did he
suddenly realize something.
He was overseas and this was a colony of Feysac. It had its own currency!
The smallest denomination was the kopek, followed by the feysilver, and
then the gold hoorn. They maintained the very intuitive base-ten
denomination, making conversions very simple.
I forgot to visit the bank to exchange for kopek and feysilver… I used it all
at the inn and restaurant… Klein was just about to look around to see if
there were any banks around when the carriage driver happily received the
two one-soli notes. After repeatedly checking it, he beamed with his
wrinkled face.
“Thank you, thank you for your generosity!”
Klein got off the carriage. While walking towards the Lærdal Bar, he was
recalling the carriage driver’s delighted look. Gold pounds, soli, and pence
can be used here as well? Yes, Gargas Archipelago isn’t that far from
Toscarter and Oravi. Many items would be sold here, and many Loen
adventurers like to visit the Sea of Beluga Whales. To have Loen Kingdom’s
currency being used in private is rather common… Heh heh. Loen’s
industry and economic strength is greater than the Feysac Empire. It can
even be said to be much stronger. The gold pound is worth a lot more than
the gold hoorn… Wait!
Suddenly, he recalled something. One gold pound could be used to
exchange for 5.5 gold hoorn.
This also meant that two soli was equal to 5.5 feysilver.
And in the City of White, a rental carriage cost four feysilver an hour. There
wasn’t any prorated discounts.
It was no wonder the carriage driver was so happy! Klein turned back and
realized that the carriage had long disappeared.
Sigh… Gently exhaling, Klein pressed down on his hat and pushed open the
heavy wooden door before entering the Lærdal Bar.
In this world, bars near the dock and factory districts often sold lunch and
dinner. Therefore, they opened around eleven in the morning. At that
moment, there were quite a number of adventurers, who had nothing better
to do, gathered in front of the bar counter. They ordered liquor and smoked
fish or vegetable soup with oil floating on the surface. They had a great
time eating all of that with bread.
Drinking Lanti Proof and Nepos at noon? Are they planning to be drunk the
entire day? The customs of Feysac are really unacceptable… Klein
mumbled as he walked to the bar counter with a deadpan expression. He sat
in a corner and rapped the wooden counter.
“Two toasted bread with red sausage, a set of smoked whale meat, a bowl of
thick vegetable soup, and a cup of Golas beer.”
Golas beer was rather popular along the eastern seaboard of Feysac. It was
rather rare in Sonia Island and the Gargas Archipelago.
“New here?” The bartender glanced at Klein. “A total of 4 feysilver and 6
kopek.”
I’m new because I don’t drink liquor? Klein ignored the bartender’s
question and threw 2 soli in notes.
It was equivalent to 5 feysilver and 5 kopek.
Considering how he was Gehrman Sparrow, Klein held back the urge to get
the bartender to give him change as he treated it as a tip.
Of course, in a Backlund bar, that amount of food would’ve cost him about
two soli.
Having received a tip, the bartender didn’t ask further. He skillfully poured
a cup of Golas beer and pushed it towards Klein.
The beer was rather black in color with plenty of foam. It had a pleasant
charred taste, and there was slight stimulation in the mellow taste. It made
Klein feel as though the alcohol content was rather high as he suspected if
some other liquor had been poured in.
While waiting for his food, he sipped his beer and silently listened to the
conversations of the surrounding adventurers.
And the group’s conversation was mainly centered around how someone
had made a windfall, who was killed by pirates, who finished off a pirate
captain without claiming the bounty and instead inherited the deceased
pirate captain’s subordinates, which woman in Nas had an illegitimate
child, or who became a laughing stock for failing to perform at a brothel.
When the Gargas specialty, thick soup brewed using sweet vegetables,
onions, cabbage, carrots, fish, and butter, was served before Klein, he
finally heard something interesting.
An adventurer suppressed his voice as he said to his surroundings partners,
“Have you heard of this? There’s a Fourth Epoch ruin east of Gargas.”
“No! Who discovered it?” his surprised partner curiously asked.
The adventurer looked to his left and right as he said without much thought,
“Gareth discovered it. As you know, he’s a Seafarer who’s good at diving.
“As he was drunk, he was thrown off the deck and sank to the bottom of the
sea. Who knew that he ended up discovering remnants of steel buildings.
They were definitely steel buildings made from human hands!”
“And then?” his partner pressed.
The adventurer chuckled.
“Gareth followed the ruins and discovered an abandoned sea well of
unknown depths. It was already filled with seawater, but it still left him
with extreme horror. Holy Lord of Storms, this might even lead to the core
of the land.
“He said that there was something summoning him inside, but he didn’t
dare explore it. So he floated up in fear.”
A deep sea well… Strange attraction… This might not be a Fourth Epoch
ruin. Perhaps it’s from the Third Epoch or Second Epoch. Little Sun had
mentioned that during the Dark Epoch, sea monsters were subject to Elf
King Soniathrym and helped “Him” rule the bottom of the sea… Sweet,
salty, and a little tartish… Klein drank a mouthful of thick vegetable soup
as he forked a piece of smoked beluga whale meat.
The adventurers didn’t talk about Gareth’s encounter, as there wasn’t any
sight of heart-stirring gold or jewelry, mystical items, or Beyonder
ingredients at the moment.
The conversation quickly steered to a few adventurers who they weren’t
friendly with. They mocked about how they had married beautiful natives
who all turned into stout and fat women a couple of years later. Their
strength could even match those of Low-Sequence Beyonders.
Finally, they concluded that it might have to do with how people from
Feysac had tiny bits of giant blood running in their veins.
They didn’t say anything of value until Klein finished his lunch and drink
his beer, but the number of people inside Lærdal Bar kept increasing.
Suddenly, the heavy door was pushed open as it slammed into the wall.
A top hat-donning young man who was clearly of Loen blood rushed in. He
shouted nervously, “Is there anyone from the Adventurer Association?”
Yes, Bilt still owes me the creation of one item… Klein watched as the
young men looked around frantically while constantly turning his head
back. It appeared as though someone was pursuing him.
Before he could consider whether to render assistance, three adventurers
stood up from different corners. One of them was more than two meters tall.
He had wide shoulders and firm muscles. His hair was slightly blond, and
his eyes were a deep blue; he was rather eye-catching.
The strength he appears to have matches with his substance… This isn’t a
Beyonder of quite a significant Sequence… Klein retracted his gaze as he
became a spectator once again as he looked out the door.
Soon, a man in a linen shirt and brown jacket appeared. He was of medium
build, and his lips were purple. His brown eyes could hardly conceal the
intense baneful look he tried to hide.
He… Klein instantly connected the man to a portrait on a bounty!
It was the second mate of the King of Immortality Agalito, Slaughter
Kircheis, with a bounty of 9,500 pounds!
This is a notorious pirate… Klein’s nerves tensed up as his gaze locked
onto the man. He naturally hung his left hand down as his body prepared to
lunge forward.
Kircheis swept his gaze at the two-meter-tall “giant” and saw Klein before
retracting his gaze. He turned to leave the Lærdal Bar without stopping at
all.
Very decisive, very alert… Klein frowned slightly, confident that he hadn’t
revealed any killing intent. He had even controlled his gaze very well.
Was he worried about that “giant,” or is his intuition very sharp to a
particular extent? Just like the premonition towards danger like Devils?
Klein wondered as he drank the remaining Golas beer without participating
in the private conversations of the Adventurer Association members. He left
the bar and came onto the streets.
Now, he didn’t wish to give himself new troubles aside from finding
mermaids.
After circling the area, Klein discovered that Slaughterer Kircheis had long
departed, his whereabouts were unknown. Hence, he silently returned to his
inn.
…
City of Silver. Inside the spire.
Derrick Berg once again met the Chief of the six-member council, Colin
Iliad.
He clearly remembered that nearly seventy “days” ago, Colin had told him
that in two months he should prepare to be sent out on an exploration
mission.