Chapter 441

: "Channels" Increase
Cheek? Was the Primordial Demoness also a man in the past? Klein almost
raised his hand to his chin.
He had once guessed that it was because of the existence of the evil
goddess, the Primordial Demoness, that led to the Assassin pathway having
members of the opposite sex turn into a female after Sequence 7. Who knew
that Roselle’s diary would indicate that the Primordial Demoness might’ve
been a male in the beginning as well?
This depicted two problems. First, the Primordial Demoness wasn’t a
naturally born deity, and they had only relied on potions to reach Sequence
0. Second, the purely feminine changes in this pathway were inherent in its
Beyonder characteristics.
Roselle had once speculated about the truth behind the Law of Beyonder
Characteristics Conservation. He suspected that all Beyonder characteristics
originated from the original Creator, so there’s no increase, and that the
total amount is conserved… Assuming that this is true, does this mean that
the Creator who created everything is all-inclusive, masculinity, femininity,
and gender-neutral all in one… And the Demoness pathway is a
representation of pure femininity? Of course, that ancient book might
actually be fake… There’s a lot of information in Roselle’s diary entries
today… With thoughts flashing through his mind, Klein let the diary
disappear in his hands.
“You can begin,” he smiled and said to Justice, The Sun, and the others.
Alger looked towards The World immediately.
“Your Werewolf characteristic has been sold. An Artisan paid 1200 pounds
for it. According to our agreement, I will receive 200 pounds.
“Also, I found clues to the hair of a Deep-sea Naga. 100 pounds a strand,
and you want five of them in total. If you’re fine with this deal, then I will
complete it as soon as possible.”
Klein had promised a higher share of the Werewolf’s Beyonder
characteristic because he knew that The Hanged Man had spent more effort
and taken on a risk that far exceeded what Vampire Emlyn White had spent.
At this point, he thought for a moment and controlled The World to reply.
“No problem. Give me the five strands of Deep-sea Naga hairs and 500
pounds in cash as soon as possible.”
Now, only the Human-skinned Shadow characteristic remains, and the
amount of money I have has increased to 1,235 pounds, which isn’t enough.
If I don’t want to wait for the Machinery Hivemind’s exploration of the
Amon family’s mausoleum. I’d have to wait to receive another 500 to 1,000
pounds before I can buy it immediately when I see it… Klein
subconsciously wondered what other items or knowledge he could use to
exchange for money.
Of course, this was on the premise that the target of these transactions was
able to pay the remuneration, in cash.
Hearing this, Audrey raised her hand very slightly, and without hiding
anything, she said, “I’d like to purchase three ingredients: a pair of eyes
from a Mirror Dragon, 50 milliliters of its blood, as well as a fruit from the
Tree of Elders.”
Miss Justice has gotten the formula for the Psychiatrist potion… Klein
made this judgment in an instant, and The Hanged Man came to a similar
conclusion.
“… I will write to my teacher and ask him if he has one of these
ingredients.” Fors thought for a moment.
Derrick nodded and said, “I’ll also take note. Corroded Mirror Dragons
aren’t rare, same for the Tree of Elders. Uh, in the City of Silver, there’s
also the Beyonder characteristic left behind by a Psyche Analyst; however,
it’s hard to make transactions for them, and it’s easy to be suspected.
Psyche Analyst was the ancient name of Psychiatrist.
When their conversation reached Klein’s ears, he immediately manipulated
The World and made the dummy hoarsely and gloomily say, “I’ll ask
around in my circle. Oh right, continue helping me find the Human-skinned
Shadow characteristic.”
“Alright.” Audrey confidently turned her head to face the person opposite
her. “Mr. Hanged Man, I’ll also look out for the Wind-blessed potion
formula you need.”
She had already joined the Psychology Alchemists and had a secret
organization backing her. With them, many ingredients were no longer in
short supply. She could obtain them as long as she paid the necessary price.
Fors repeated, “I’ll write to my teacher and ask.”
Upon seeing this development, Klein felt rather gratified. After a long
period of hard work, the Tarot Club had finally developed two major
channels, the Psychology Alchemists and the Abraham family. Many things
would become simple.
The World chuckled and said, “Your answers fill me with hope, but you
must also take care to protect yourselves, and proceed in a way that would
avoid arousing suspicion as much as possible.”
“Mr. World, you rarely talk so much.” Audrey smiled in reply.
… I got a little too pleased and momentarily forgot The World’s original
character profile… Klein immediately remedied the situation and made The
World chuckle and say,
“All of you have become sufficiently valuable. I hope that this kind of
transaction can last for a very, very long time. That’s why I’m reminding
you.”
“Thank you,” Audrey gracefully expressed her gratitude.
At that moment, Derrick hesitated and said, “I’ll give it a try as well. I’ve
recently completed several patrol missions, but there’s nothing out of the
ordinary.”
Very good… Klein said to himself, making The World shut his mouth.
After a brief moment of silence, Alger looked thoughtfully at Miss Justice.
“I would like to know the details of the assassination of Duke Negan. What
kind of reward do you need?”
Why ask me? As someone close to the Church of the Lord of Storms,
shouldn’t you already know the full details of this case? Audrey was
surprised for a moment, but then she understood the meaning of Mr.
Hanged Man’s words.
He wants to ask about the organization or force that instigated the Desire
Apostle, but he doesn’t think it’s right to ask The Fool directly, thinking that
it would be too sudden and invasive. So he took a roundabout way by
asking me to open up the topic, gently shifting the focus to the things he
wants to know… He knows that I’m a noble lady and that I should pay
attention to the assassination of Duke Negan. So he’s not worried that I
won’t answer him… Mr. Hanged Man is really experienced…Audrey said,
with the corners of her mouth curling up slightly, “No, there’s no need for
compensation. Isn’t it the purpose of our Tarot Club to freely exchange
common knowledge amongst each other regarding their respective
regions?”
Only by doing so can our Tarot Club expand at a rapid pace! she thought to
herself, quite possessively.
“Your words shame me.” Alger was stunned for a moment before he
pressed his hand to his chest and leaned forward a little.
“…”
Klein, who was shrouded in the thick gray fog, inwardly laughed dryly.
Audrey lightly pursed her lips, weighed her words, and said, “The Desire
Apostle used a unique situation to complete the assassination of Duke
Negan; by using his ability to trigger intense emotions and desires, and at
the cost of serious injuries, he successfully broke out of the encirclement,
entering the sewers.
“When the Nighthawks caught up to him, he was already dead. The Hero
Bandit Dark Emperor was present. This gentleman didn’t do it to silence
him, but to target the organization that entrusted the assassination contract
to the Desire Apostle.
Which organization? Just as The Hanged Man was wondering to himself in
puzzlement, The Fool, who was sitting at the end of the table, silently
praised Miss Justice and looked at her. He then gave her a reminder in
passing, “In the outside world, do not mention the name of the organization
or write it down.”
“Why?” Audrey blurted out in astonishment.
Klein leaned back in his chair and replied in a gentle voice, “Any mention
of it will be known.”
Any mention of it will be known… Audrey subconsciously looked at Mr.
Fool, only to feel that he seemed to be emphasizing something with his eyes
hidden in the fog.
Mr. Fool is implying that if it’s not in “His” kingdom or through talking to
“Him,” mentioning or writing down the name of the Twilight Hermit Order
would allow them to sense it via some means or item… That should be
what he means… What an extremely secretive and high-level organization!
To a certain extent, it’s even more terrifying than the Church of the seven
deities… And Mr. Fool, our Tarot Club is looking for them… Audrey
instantly felt like she understood a lot of things. She straightened her back
and said, “As you command.”
Any mention of it will be known… A secret organization whose name can’t
even be mentioned? A powerful organization that I don’t know of at all? Is
this the faction behind the Desire Apostle? Mr. Fool had sent his adorer to
search for them? This high-level situation in the world really is more
complicated than I thought. There are even more secrets that I have no way
of knowing… Alger slightly nodded his head, feeling both shocked and
agitated at the same time.
At this moment, he had the urge to pay Mr. Fool for the name of the
organization.
However, after thinking about it carefully, he felt that there was no need for
that. Although understanding the situation involving the higher-level
entities would help him perfect his plans for the future and play an
important role in certain situations, he, who was currently at the bottom of
the Mid-Sequence levels, had no way of making contact with matters
related to the mysterious organization. What he needed the most right now
was the formula and ingredients for Wind-blessed, so he had to save up
enough wealth for them.
After succeeding my advancement, I could seek an opportunity to consult
Mr. Fool…Alger made a note of this.
Fors was confused by what she heard. Things like the Desire Apostle and
the organization in which “any mention of it will be known” were
completely different from what she had read in the newspapers.
There are indeed many secrets behind the assassination of a duke… It’s a
pity that the organization’s name cannot be written down. Otherwise, I can
use it as the villain of a future novel; it will definitely be a classic… I still
owe ten diary pages and haven’t bought the Spirit Eater’s stomach pouch.
There’s no need to spend the money in order to understand such high-end
matters for the time being… Well, the secrecy and knowledge circulating in
the Tarot Club are ten times greater than Mr. A’s gathering, or more! Fors
restrained her curiosity as a writer.
As for Derrick, he didn’t know who Duke Negan was, so he didn’t care who
was behind the assassination.
He sat silently and was reserved, as though he were in class.
When the matter regarding the Twilight Hermit Order was over, Fors looked
around and probingly asked, “Lady and gentlemen, do you have a way to
solve the problem of accumulating too many Beyonder characteristics of
the same level?”