Chapter 1082

: Sudden Turn of Events
160 Böklund Street, inside Dwayne Dantès’s mansion.
After “Teleporting” back, Klein didn’t delay at all. He immediately set up
an altar and held a ritual to pray to Death.
“You are the essence of death;
“You are the lord of the dead;
“You are the final home to all living beings.
“I pray for your help. I pray that you will know how to resolve the problem
of the Red Angel evil spirit. ‘He’ has possessed the body of a Gatekeeper
and is cooperating with the Numinous Episcopate’s High Priest, Haiter. He
has come to Backlund and been made an assistant to Patrick Bryan…”
With regard to this matter, there was really no choice but to seek help from
the Evernight Goddess.
Ignoring the possibility of seeking out the ascetic leader, Arianna, in a
cooperation effort, or whether he had the ability to get finish off Sauron
Einhorn Medici, even if he could, once the Red Angel evil spirit
disappeared, the Numinous Episcopate’s Artificial Death faction’s High
Priest would immediately understand that something major had happened
here. “He” could then connect it to other abnormalities and determined that
there was something wrong with Artificial Death’s condition. Then, using
“His” own level and status, possible Sealed Artifacts, and “His” familiarity
with the pathway, “He” might be able to create mutually harmful acts of
destruction.
And if he ignored the Red Angel, this evil spirit who was a Conspirer
wouldn’t take long to detect something abnormal with Patrick Bryan. With
“His” knowledge and intelligence, it wasn’t difficult to guess the nature of
the problem.
No matter how I deal with it, it’ll be a problem. As expected of an angel in
the War domain. Even if “He” is a three-in-one Spirit Body, “He” can still
create unresolvable problems for others. This must’ve actually been an idea
that “He” gave Haiter…
Actually, I do have an extreme idea; that is to let the Red Angel evil spirit
be killed by other Churches, official organizations, or secret organizations
for another whole different matter. In short, anything related to the Goddess
cannot come center stage. Things must be made very clear…
The difficulty with this approach is how to let an extremely experienced,
high-ranking member of the conspiring domain fall into a trap… If I don’t
handle it well, it might backfire on me… After the prayer ended, Klein
casually let his thoughts wander as he waited patiently for the Evernight
Goddess to give him a response.
After more than ten seconds, the herbal dregs that pleased the deity were
swept up by an invisible wind. They flew out and landed on the table,
forming words:
“His’ coming spells the raising of arms.”
What does that mean? Looking at the sentence that gave him a sense of déjà
vu, he frowned slightly.
As a Seer, he habitually interpreted it:
Due to the king’s problem, Loen has fallen into the shadows of war. Hence,
the Red Angel that symbolizes war came.
This means that it might no longer be possible to stop the war.
Upon reaching Sequence 1, one would become a symbol of certain
phenomena.
As these thoughts flashed through Klein’s mind, the invisible wind came to
a stop. The altar which was completely isolated by the wall of spirituality
turned extremely silent.
There are no other revelations? After waiting for a while, Klein confirmed
that this was all, so he ended the ritual and cleared the altar.
He then walked to the sofa in the room and sat down to see if anything else
would happen.
After a full fifteen minutes, he didn’t usher in the arrival of the matron of
the Evernight cloister, the leader of the thirteen archbishops, angel of
Concealment, Arianna.
I don’t have to deal with the Red Angel evil spirit, and I should just leave
“Him” be? Or, there’s another solution, but my involvement isn’t needed?
In essence, he wasn’t a devout believer of Evernight. Since the Goddess
said that he didn’t need to bother about it, he naturally couldn’t be bothered
to do so. After all, this matter was not only extremely troublesome for him,
but it was also extremely dangerous.
Shaking his head, Klein took out a pen and paper from his pocket and began
a dream divination.
What had happened tonight made him feel that he couldn’t waste any time.
He had to digest the Bizarro Sorcerer potion as soon as possible.
Above the Fog Sea, inside a steam-powered merchant ship that was
extremely close to a pirate ship.
One by one, the men and older women were tied up and pushed to the edge
of the deck. Then, the pirates either used their hands or legs to throw them
into the sea.
The splashing sounds didn’t affect the pirates at all, guffawing over this
bloodless massacre.
After clearing the captives, they carried their guns and lanterns to the
shipboard, preparing to enjoy the pitiful bugs’ struggling.
However, under the light, the dark blue sea beside the boat quietly
undulated. No one was there.
“They sank so quickly,” a pirate blurted out in surprise.
The leader of this pirate crew frowned. After looking at it for a while, he
said, “Perhaps some sea monsters passed by and treated those who dared
resist us as food bestowed by the gods.
“Perfect timing. If we feed it, it won’t attack us…”
Upon saying this, the leader waved his hand.
“Everyone, enjoy yourselves!”
As a fairly experienced pirate, he knew that there were many strange things
at sea. It was best not to seek out the reason and try to figure out the truth.
Since it didn’t harm him or his crew, he would thank the Lord of Storms for
his blessings, doing so as though nothing had happened.
After making sure that there were people on duty, the pirates began gulping
down copious amounts of alcohol, ate huge chunks of meat, and sang
loudly, and fought for the rights to the young female captives.
In the noisy and lively atmosphere, the pirate leader led a beautiful
passenger that he had long taken a liking to into the captain’s room. He
eagerly began the final process for that night of revelry.
In the middle of the night, the tired pirate leader stretched out his right hand
and touched something cold.
He jolted awake. Through the crimson moonlight shining through the
window, he saw a piece of coarse wood in his arms.
A series of branches with green leaves grew out from the wooden block,
hugging him like a human’s limbs.
Pa!
The pirate leader’s pupils rapidly dilated. As he pushed away the wood,
jumped off the bed, and stumbled back.
Was I with such a thing previously? His mind was filled with terror. He
couldn’t care less about his clothes, picking up a flintlock and cutlass before
leaving the room immediately.
Outside, there was a pirate on duty.
“How can I be happy to steal your ear…” When the pirate saw his leader
open the door, he quickly asked.
The pirate leader had originally wanted to chide the other party for secretly
drinking, resulting in his incoherence. However, when he looked up, he saw
that his subordinate’s mouth and his surroundings were filled with golden
grains. Even the surface of his tongue was covered in dense clusters.
The pirate leader’s scalp tightened as he felt a numbing chill run down his
spine.
At this moment, the door across the corridor opened as well. A pirate
shouted with a sobbing tone, “Oh no! Boss, I-I have a lot of mushrooms
growing there!”
As he spoke, the pirate ran out.
At the same time, he felt his eyes itch. He raised his hand and rubbed his
right eye.
As he rubbed his eyes, a green vine slowly grew out from the gaps between
his eye socket and his eyeball. There was a dark red grape at the end of it.
The flesh around the grape was a blur.
The pirate leader’s body froze when he saw this. He asked in a voice that
didn’t belong to him, “What… did you guys encounter…”
While rubbing his eye, the pirates who didn’t notice the problem said
without any recollection, “A pole-like shadow struck me!”
“W… Ye You…” The pirate whose tongue was covered in golden wheat
echoed.
He was blocked by his leader and didn’t see his fellow crew member’s
terrifying appearance.
The pirate leader’s legs began to shake uncontrollably. He instinctively
turned around and ran out of the cabin.
At this moment, he saw a long wall that looked like a shadow from a pole
rapidly sweep towards him before lashing out at him.
The shadow flashed and soon disappeared. It was as though it was a surreal
nightmare.
The pirate leader was just a beat slower before he subconsciously raised his
hand to block. This was obviously not effective.
Then, he looked at himself in panic and didn’t find anything unusual.
“Thankfully, thankfully…” The pirate leader couldn’t help but let out a
sigh.
Before he could finish, he suddenly heard a slightly muffled voice:
“Thankfully, thankfully…”
This voice seemed to come from his body!
The pirate leader’s pupils dilated to the extreme as he involuntarily lifted up
his clothes.
He then saw three cracks appear between his chest-one big, two small.
Two rows of white teeth were neatly arranged in the large crack, and in the
middle of the small crack were two lively and nimble eyeballs embedded in
them.
It was a mouth and two eyes!
The pirate leader had a mouth and two eyes on his chest!
“No!
A scream rang out from the boat, filled with indescribable terror.
In the next fifteen minutes, some of the pirates went mad and killed their
companions. Some successfully escaped back to their own ship, only to
discover that the people on it had also turned mutated. Hence, they jumped
into the sea in despair.
By the time everything calmed down, there were only about ten normal
pirates slumped on the deck and hiding in their rooms. There was a stench
around them.
After a while, passengers came out of the cabin one after another.
They looked at the scene in front of them in disbelief. They either thanked
the gods or stood there in a daze.
It was early in the morning. Klein got out of bed and began to wash up.
Just as he was changing his clothes with the help of his valet, Enuni, he saw
Butler Walter, who had just returned from a leave of absence, walk to the
door and say, “Sir, Bishop Elektra is here to pay a visit.”
“… Let him wait for me in the activity room where he can enjoy a cigar.”
Klein hesitated for a moment before saying.
He suspected that this was a late response from the Goddess.
Walter immediately turned around and went downstairs to make the
arrangements. Before long, he returned and said, “Sir, Bishop Elektra has
already bade farewell and left. He wanted me to tell you that you must go to
Saint Samuel Cathedral in the morning. He said that the Church and the
government are going to hold an air-raid drill together.”
“Air-raid drill?” Klein frowned.
At that moment, his spiritual perception was triggered. He turned around
and looked out the window.
In the air, there were rows of dark brown-colored airships approaching.
These airships had slanted patterns of red, white, and yellow emblems. This
was the flag of Feysac!
Upon seeing this scene, Klein suddenly understood what he had
overlooked.
War might not be initiated by the Loen Kingdom!
An ancient and hidden organization definitely had very high-ranking
members in other countries. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been able to affect
the world’s situation!