Chapter 1024

: 1024 Traditional Skills
1024 Traditional Skills
Inside the palace above the gray fog, Klein, who was holding the Sea God
Scepter, looked at the Black Emperor card and the Tyrant card on the table
in front of him with a heavy look.
Although Viscount Stratford’s answer could only prove that King George
III hid a great secret, had played a crucial role in the Great Smog of
Backlund, and was highly likely to be a mass murderer, it couldn’t be said
that he had spearheaded everything and was the true mastermind. After all,
he might only be a puppet. But to Klein, this was already enough. The
target was clear, and he had clues to investigate what they were planning.
Seeing that Miss Magician and Miss Judgment had left the area where the
abnormality had happened and were practically safe, Klein retracted his
gaze and continued to observe the actions of MI9 deputy director, Qonas
Kilgor, via prayer vision.
After a while, after “securing” the territory and confirming that no one was
tailing him, Qonas Kilgor walked to a mountain wall and took out an object.
His entire body was tainted with a ghostly-blue glow as he gradually
became hazy and blurry.
Then, he disappeared into thin air, his whereabouts unknown.
A rather special form of Traveling via a corporeal ritual or item that allows
him to teleport from point to point within a very short distance… Back
when I came out from the underground ruins where Ince Zangwill was, I
also passed through a similar “door”… Yes, this place isn’t too far from the
mountain where Mr. A pursued me…
This setup needs a very suitable and secretive region. Without having any
permission from the interior, just holding onto an activation item might not
have any effect. And once something happens, destroying the corresponding
ritual can prevent enemies from entering and stop them from finding the
exact location… Klein nodded in enlightenment.
Combining the information which Viscount Stratford had just revealed, he
had come to the initial conclusion that the king’s secret and the ploy by the
three factions were all hidden deep within the underground ruins. As long as
one entered, the truth would be obtained through a careful investigation.
However, the difficulty in performing the investigations became apparent
the more he thought about it—he had to first obtain the corresponding item
and, using his disguise as a Faceless to fool the guards, he would “Teleport”
in. None of these steps were easy.
According to Arrodes, Qonas Kilgor wasn’t just a demigod of the Black
Emperor pathway, he also possessed a rather powerful Sealed Artifact.
Even if Klein had made preparations, his odds of defeating the brigadier
general of MI9 wasn’t too high if he didn’t seek the help of angels, much
less finish him off in a stealthy manner without anyone realizing it.
Furthermore, there were many difficulties in getting the help of an angel, as
all of “Them” had their own extenuating circumstances that prevented
“Them” from agreeing.
Even if I take down Qonas Kilgor without drawing the attention of anyone,
I have to consider the danger that stems from entering… Based on what
previously happened, it’s impossible for them to not be on guard against a
Faceless…A cooperation effort between the king, the Psychology
Alchemists, and the Demoness Sect guarantees that their ploy is significant.
It’s extremely possible that there’s an angel within the underground ruins…
Klein frowned as he was at a loss for a reliable angle for investigation.
He tapped the edge of the long mottled table and decided to break out of the
confines of his original thoughts and consider it from a different angle.
A few seconds later, a flash of inspiration came to him.
Why do I want to complete all these steps by myself?
The king’s secret and plans are likely detrimental to the three Churches of
Storm, Evernight, and Steam; otherwise, the former captain of the royal
guards, Mason Dere, wouldn’t have attempted to inform the three Churches.
As a Blessed of the Evernight Goddess—at least for now—isn’t it obvious
what I should be doing?
This can also count towards my contributions to exchange for the Scholar
of Yore potion formula!
In an instant, Klein’s thoughts became extremely clear. He left the area
above the gray fog without any hesitation and returned to the real world.
Dressed in blue and white checkered pajamas, Gehrman Sparrow raised his
hands once more and made a prayer gesture, he chanted in ancient Hermes,
“The Evernight Goddess who stands higher than the cosmos and more
eternal than eternity. You are also the Lady of Crimson, the Mother of
Concealment, the Empress of Misfortune and Horror, Mistress of Repose
and Silence…”
This time, Klein didn’t hold a ritual because he wasn’t praying for a
bestowment or response. All he wanted was to simply describe what
Viscount Stratford had said, as well as his observations regarding Qonas
Kilgor. Therefore, a direct prayer was sufficient.
After praying, Klein exhaled and stood in a remote area of the woods,
patiently awaiting the possible developments.
In less than a minute, a figure suddenly appeared in front of him, like a
quickly sketched portrait.
The newcomer was dressed in a simple robe. By the figure’s waist was a
belt made of tree bark. Long hair cascaded down as the figure was barefoot.
She had a pair of dark and serene eyes, and she was none other than the
highest- ranking archbishop and leader of the ascetics, Servant of
Concealment, Arianna.
“Good evening, Ma’am Arianna,” Klein bowed without any hint of surprise.
Arianna glanced at him and returned the greeting.
“Good evening.”
“She” didn’t make any small talk as “She” directly asked, “Qonas Kilgor is
nearby?”
Yes, less than ten kilometers away.” Klein pointed in the direction. “He has
already used an item to vanish from his place. What should we do next?”
Arianna nodded slightly and said, “Wait for him to come out and find an
opportunity to capture him.”
I-isn’t that too direct? You look quiet and plain, a cultured person—no,
angel. Why are you so aggressive? If Qonas Kilgor didn’t head for the
underground ruins and had gone to some other secret base, or if he wasn’t
too deeply involved in the king’s ploys, to have the Church’s archbishop
taking action on MI9’s top brass would definitely be breaking news. The
kingdom’s fracturing would only worsen! Klein was momentarily unsure
how he should respond to Arianna.
Although he would definitely attack Qonas Kilgor if he handled the matter
himself, since the latter’s involvement in the slave trade and the silencing of
others was enough reason, the problem was that a demigod of a secret
organization attacking a military top brass and an orthodox Church’s
archbishop attacking a military top brass was two completely different
matters.
As though sensing Klein’s thoughts, Arianna calmly explained, “You will
be the one taking action, not me.”
Klein was a little unused to “Her” style.
Arianna continued, “I will create a concealed world for you and provide
you the necessary assistance.”
Battle in a concealed state? Fight with the help of an angel? Klein nodded
with a thought.
“Then where shall the ambush be?”
Arianna answered succinctly, “In your Maygur Manor.”
…I share the same thoughts… But I didn’t want to say it myself… Klein
took a deep breath and exhaled.
The choice for the ambush location stemmed from very simple logic—it
was to do it when Qonas Kilgor was in his most relaxed and defenseless
state.
Without a doubt, once Qonas finishes his secret mission and returns to
Maygur Manor, he would believe that the most risky matters of the night
were over. He wouldn’t have his guard up!
For the same reason, if the king’s secret and ploy was of utmost importance,
it was possible for an angel to be “watching” over him while he returned
from the underground ruins. Once he suffered an attack, the angel would be
able to immediately respond. And only when Qonas returned to his normal
daily routine would the monitoring be retracted. After all, there were only a
limited number of angels, so it was impossible for “Them” to be so free.
Thankfully, I used the most covert method of tailing him, and the distance
was far enough… From the looks of it, Ma’am Arianna didn’t place the
responsibility of the battle onto me to avoid the risk and reduce the negative
effects, but because maintaining a concealed state and preventing the
existence inside the underground mins from noticing the battle will drain a
great deal of “Her” energy… Amidst his racing thoughts, Klein had a better
idea of how he should proceed.
At this moment, Arianna added, “The concealed world’s battle won’t
damage the real world.”
That’s pretty good… Klein muttered silently and said after some thought,
“Then I need to immediately make some preparations.”
“Alright,” Arianna calmly replied.
“She” didn’t even ask me what preparations I need. I was even prepared to
say that I need a change of clothes… As Klein lampooned himself, he
looked down at his blue and white checkered pajamas.
His left palm quickly turned transparent as he vanished from the spot.
Inside Maygur Manor, Klein’s figure blinked into existence. Maintaining
his appearance as Gehrman Sparrow, he quickly changed his clothes and
wore a top hat.
Following that, he took out a piece of paper and used his finger to write.
The tip of his finger spewed out a scarlet flame, leaving charred marks
without burning the piece of paper.
The charred marks quickly formed a complicated symbol that was a mixture
of concealment and mystery prying.
With the formation of this symbol, the full-body mirror in the room turned
dark as aqueous light rippled.
A silver outline appeared, forming one word after another:
“Exalted Great Master, your loyal and resilient servant, Arrodes, is here to
answer your summoning!
“Do you have something you would like to ask me?”
Yes.” Klein nodded and looked out the window. “What demigod powers
and powerful Sealed Artifacts does Qonas Kilgor have?”
This was something he vaguely knew before. After confirming that Qonas
Kilgor was a target, he gathered more information and now wished to know
more so as to prepare a strategy meant to target Qonas.
The full-body mirror’s silver words warped and squirmed, quickly forming
new words:
“Great Master, Qonas Kilgor is an Earl of The Fallen. To hide his strength,
he wields a Sealed Artifact that also belongs to the Lawyer pathway.
However, it also has some of the Arbiter pathway’s characteristics mixed
into it. It’s called