Chapter 865

: Earl Hall’s Suggestion
10,000 pounds… Audrey blinked as she used a very slight change in
expression to express her surprise.
Without needing her to voice out her question, Earl Hall had noticed her
puzzlement. He chuckled and said, “This is an insightful man. His ideas
have inspired me and resonated with me. Besides, we can’t ignore the
misery that objectively exists just because it cannot be resolved anytime
soon.”
Audrey vaguely understood her father, but she felt that she didn’t fully
understand him. She nodded slightly and took out her checkbook from her
purse that matched her dress and wrote down the “1,000 pounds” value.
This was a charity ball. Furthermore, it was held in a side hall of the
cathedral, so there weren’t any dances or extravagant arrangements. There
weren’t any valets or lady’s maids following by their sides. It was simply a
charity event that had some degree of donations involved. The ladies
undoubtedly brought their bags on them.
The guests subsequently threw their checks into the donation box and
headed for the two long tables for some beverages or simple food. After
which, they walked around the hall socializing instead of sitting.
This was closer to that of a buffet party.
Klein also accompanied Elektra and came to Saint Anthony’s side and was
introduced to him.
Saint Anthony smiled in response to Dwayne Dantès’s greeting. He sized
him up and said, “Very good. We are proud to have a believer like you.
“It’s the Goddess that has taught us that character is more important than
status. Therefore, you are an extremely honorable gentleman.”
To be frank, faced with this saint, Klein’s heart was drumming because
deities or Beyonders related to the fate domain was able to see the gray
fog’s aura on him. For example, everyone from the Monster pathway or the
Evernight Goddess who wielded the authority of misfortune. As for Saint
Anthony, if he was a High-Sequence Beyonder of the Sleepless pathway
and grasped Beyonder powers involving misfortune, then there was a
chance that he could see that there was a problem with Dwayne Dantès.
As such, Klein had headed above the gray fog to divine so before attending
the charity party. He received the answer that there wasn’t any danger.
Since the Goddess didn’t say anything, even if “Her” archbishop were to
discover some problems, he will probably feign ignorance… Klein replied
with a warm smile, “I’ve been to the cathedral frequently to pray and listen
to Bishop Elektra’s preachings in recent times. Even my soul seems to have
been cleansed. Therefore, I abided by the Goddess’s teachings to pass such
beauty and hope to others.”
Saint Anthony nodded and said, “In front of the Goddess, all believers are
differentiated by their character, regardless if they are nobles or
commoners, male or female. They are all the same.
“I hope those people who live in poor environments will liberate themselves
of fear and receive serenity.
“Praise the Lady.”
Klein and Elektra tapped their chests four times in a clockwise fashion.
“Praise the Lady!”
Seeing Saint Anthony turn towards the other believers, Klein planned on
heading over to the table to get a glass of champagne to quench his thirst.
At this moment, he saw a gentleman approach him.
This man had somewhat loose skin with an obvious potbelly. However, it
could be seen that he was rather handsome in his youth. Even now, his blue
eyes that had a smile on them and his beautiful mustache made him appear
good looking.
Klein had previously learned from Macht’s introduction and knew he was
the House of Lords Member of Parliament and powerful banker, Earl Hall.
Of course, to him, the most important identity of this noble was that he was
Miss Justice’s father. And Audrey happened to be by his side. She was
observing Dwayne Dantès with her bright eyes, awaiting her conversation
with the gentleman later.
This made Klein immediately feel a little uncomfortable.
I need to present the persona that matches Dwayne Dantès… A person of
ordinary birth who’s working hard to get himself into high society. At this
moment, he’s bound to be a little nervous and restrained. Likewise, a
gentleman who loves beautiful women will feel the same feelings when
faced with the most stunning gem in Backlund’s eyes. But he will also
unknowingly showcase his own breadth of knowledge and show his charms
to express his desire. Yes, an experienced tycoon who survived the chaos
must be someone who has pride and confidence hidden in him. No matter
what he faces, he will try his best to appear calm, respectful but not
sycophantic… Klein’s thoughts raced as he smiled and politely said to the
approaching Earl Hall, “Honorable Earl, I happened to see the check you
donated. Your kindness and generosity truly impresses me. Yet, you’ve
never flaunted that or informed others how much you’ve donated.”
Earl Hall chuckled.
“No, compared to you, the price I pay is far inferior to what you made.”
Between the lines, he meant that 15,000 pounds might be a tenth of Dwayne
Dantès’s overall wealth or even a fifth, but 10,000 pounds to him was just a
thousandth or even lesser. Clearly, the former paid a greater price, and his
willingness to do was even more pure.
“From my point of view, as long as the poor who yearn to use knowledge to
change their fates can be helped, all donations are kind and sufficiently
benevolent. From this angle, the only difference between 10,000 pounds
and 15,000 pounds is just 5,000 pounds.” Klein tried hard to express his
sincerity as he deliberately glanced at the listening blonde girl without
leaving a trace.
He knew that an ordinary “without a trace” was “obvious” in the eyes of a
Spectator.
Audrey wore a faint smile as she silently listened to her father’s and
Dwayne Dantès’s conversation, as though she hadn’t noticed the gentleman
peek at her. This made Klein lack confidence from his failure at receiving
any feedback in his “performance.”
Earl Hall laughed and said, “Then we shall agree to disagree. This isn’t
anything bad. At the very least, we are praising one another.
“I can tell that you once had a difficult period and had once led the life of
the poor.”
Klein nodded and said, “I do not avoid such a past. They are my valuable
riches.”
“And this is something me and my friends lack,” Earl Hall commented with
a smile. “And it’s because of this that you possess a unique and wise point
of view. I hope there will be opportunities in the future to work with you.”
“That is also something I look forward to,” Klein replied with a suitable
level of sincerity.
Earl Hall pointed to the side and said, “A couple of friends are waiting for
me. I hope that your charitable ways and wealth keep increasing.”
Klein didn’t drag on the conversation as he drew the crimson moon on his
chest.
“Praise the Lady.”
“Praise the Lady.” Earl Hall and Audrey tapped their chests in a clockwise
fashion in unison.
Watching them walk past him and in another direction, Klein secretly
heaved a sigh of relief.
Suddenly, he tensed up as he naturally looked around the hall and noticed
the shadow at the door.
Silently sitting there was the golden retriever.
…
On the carriage back to Empress Borough, Earl Hall, who looked like he
was resting with his eyes closed, looked at his daughter and said, “Audrey,
didn’t you mention that you wish to join one of the Church’s charitable
organizations?
“Are you interested in joining this bursary foundation?”
“Ah?” Audrey had already sensed that her father might have such thoughts
back in the cathedral, so she expressed the appropriate level of surprise and
confusion.
“It’s only a small charity foundation.” Audrey’s brother, Hibbert Hall,
argued for his sister.
Earl Hall shook his head and laughed.
“I’ve asked a few bishops. The total amount of donations tonight has
already reached 100,000 pounds.
“Why do you think there’s so much?”
Hibbert frowned slightly as he said in thought, “They were bribed?”
At the same time, Audrey gave her own point of view.
“Knowledge and the relaxing of the electoral qualifications?”
Earl Hall nodded and sighed.
“Nothing is an essential existence, including humans themselves as well as
the nobility.”
He then looked at Audrey and said with a smile, “There’s no need to force
yourself. I can get others to join the bursary foundation. I just wish that you
will gain more knowledge because of this and now view certain matters as
definite and immutable. Heh heh, even if you miss this, there will be other
charity organizations.”
“Father, I’ll consider it,” Audrey replied seriously.
After hearing Dwayne Dantès’s recount of the stories of the poor, she had
already decided on joining to gather more donations, to contact the
government, and organize events to contribute her efforts to the cause. She
was hesitant because she felt that the middle-aged man was a little
problematic.
After returning home, Audrey immediately brought Susie to her room and
closed the door.
“What’s your take on that Mr. Dwayne Dantès?” Audrey asked directly.
The golden retriever sat opposite her and thought.
“He seems to know you or something on you. Also, a lot of the time, he’s
acting and leaving a certain degree of clues… He seemed to be guarded
against me. He’s extremely sharp…”
“Yes, I noticed it too. He might be a Beyonder. He acted very well, but it’s
still an act. However, this is also very ordinary. At a social event, and faced
with different people, we would all play different roles and engage in a
corresponding act,” Audrey said in thought. “The biggest problem stems
from his shock when he saw me. He was almost horrified. Also, he was
embroiled in two cases, one after another, especially with that case
regarding Baron Syndras. It seems to have some Beyonder elements
involved in it, with signs of someone being cued to do so…”
Susie gaped her mouth, unable to give a definitive explanation. All she
could do was woof.
Audrey began another train of thought.
Hmm… I’ll get someone to investigate Dwayne Dantès, and after
confirming that there aren’t any major problems, I’ll join the bursary
foundation… Ah right, it’s almost Monday. I can request Fors and Mr.
Moon. They’re both in Backlund…
…
Monday afternoon at three.
Dark red beams shot up in the grand palace, materializing into blurry
figures.
Audrey quickly surveyed the area and looked to the seat of honor at the
bronze, long table and bowed with a smile.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Fool~”