Chapter 1348

Preparation for the Ritual
Blue Mountain Island, within a primitive forest.
Worried that official Beyonders would discover the ritual outside the city,
Verdu Abraham, who had finished making preparations, used a Sealed
Artifact to “Teleport” away from Bayam and arrived in someplace that was
nearly uninhabited.
Rubbing the pain in his ribs, Verdu took off his classic robe and placed it
aside.
Following that, he set up an altar, lit the candles, and burnt the correct
essential oils, extracts, herbal powder, etc.
After finishing the setup, Verdu took two steps back and lowered his voice
to chant in ancient Hermes, “The great God of War;
“The symbol of iron and blood;
“The ruler of chaos and strife…”
A howling wind echoed in the dark forest.
Amidst the rustling of the branches and leaves, two of the candles on the
altar suddenly emitted crackling sounds.
The corresponding candle flames rose from the size of a “sapling” to a
“towering tree.”
At the same time, the color of the candlelight changed from orange to bright
white.
The wind that passed through the forest became even more intense. Two
fiery pillars of fire intertwined together, twisting into a blurry and huge
figure.
At that moment, Verdu Abraham felt an indescribable gaze cast from high
above and onto his body.
He hurriedly bowed his head and said, “Great God of War. Your lowly
believer would like to pray for your help.”
As he spoke, he kept adjusting his attitude and tried his best to remain calm.
He knew from his family’s books that the most important thing to take note
of when praying to the God of War was to “not be angry.”
The massive figure formed from a blinding white flame constantly spewed
out flames as it used a language that Verdu could understand, but had no
idea what it was.
“Lowly mortal, a god is not used to satisfy your wishes.
“Speak, say your prayers, and I’ll decide whether to help you in the end.”
Verdu had already drafted out his request, so he said after some thought,
“Great God of War, what should I do to make my ancestor, Mr. Door Bethel
Abraham, return to the real world?”
“A ritual. Sacrifice a Bizarro Sorcerer, a Secrets Sorcerer, and a Parasite.
You should already know about it,” the flaming giant said in a deep and
dignified manner.
It’s the same as the answer given by Dorian’s student… Verdu sighed and
said,
“Great God of War, what must I pay to request you to complete this ritual
for me?”
The flaming giant looked down at the Astrologer and said, “The
corresponding price is not something you can afford. Your pale and puny
soul isn’t even qualified to be embers.”
Just as Verdu was disappointed and abnormally depressed, the flaming giant
continued, “But Mr. Door can.
“Besides, I’m in a good mood today.
“Sacrifice a portion of your blood to me as the mark of the contract. I will
request the corresponding price from Mr. Door.”
That’s possible? Verdu subconsciously had his suspicions, but after some
thought, he felt that there was nothing wrong with it.
Indeed, only his ancestor, Bethel Abraham, had the right to trade with a
secret existence like the God of War!
As for whether Mr. Door was willing to proceed with the deal, Verdu had
never considered it. From his point of view, anyone who was in an exiled
and sealed state would undoubtedly want to escape, even if they had to pay
a huge price!
“Yes, great God of War.” After pondering for a moment, Verdu agreed.
He then changed the ritual and added the sacrifice and bestowment parts of
a ritual. He then used a metal dagger to pierce through his arm and let out
dark red blood.
When his blood turned into red “pearls” and passed through the Door of
Sacrifice and Bestowment, it became extremely dark, as though there were
countless monsters lurking in it.
In the next second, an object was spat out from behind the illusory door.
It was a semi-transparent meat blob with slippery tentacles. On the meat
blob, twisted maggots crawled out one after another.
Upon seeing the object, Verdu’s head turned dizzy as though large amounts
of gunk had been injected into it.
At this moment, a flame landed, enveloping his body, turning his vision red.
With this layer of red light, Verdu no longer suffered any anomalies when
looking at the blob of meat.
Right on the heels of that, another object was spat out of the Door of
Sacrifice and Bestowment.
It was a bird with a deformed head. Every feather shimmered with a faint
stellar radiance. Strands of insect-like brilliance drilled into its body and
occasionally emanated out.
Worm of Stars… Is this a monster with a Secrets Sorcerer’s Beyonder
characteristic? The previous one corresponds to a Bizarro Sorcerer…
Indeed, Secrets Sorcerer and Bizarro Sorcerer are only names of potions.
They aren’t just referring to humans. It’s the same with the title of
demigods. Unless the term half-man is added to the title… Verdu has a deep
understanding of his pathway, allowing him to understand the current
situation.
And this meant that the ritual to help Mr. Door escape could be done by
sacrificing demigod monsters of the Seer, Apprentice, and Marauder
pathways. Furthermore, there was no need for Verdu to do it himself. The
great God of War had already prepared everything.
This made it difficult for Verdu to suppress the joy in his heart. He looked at
the Door of Sacrifice and Bestowment light with great anticipation, waiting
for the third sacrifice to be spat out.
In just a second, an object flew out from the darkness behind the door and
landed on the altar.
It was an unconscious crow. Of course, it only looked like a crow. Its right
eye had a ring of black, and its feathers were almost transparent. On it were
rings.
A monster corresponding to Parasite… Verdu was delighted as he sincerely
praised the great God of War.
…
Inside the corpse cathedral.
“You only have godhood left?” Klein asked in a low voice as he looked at
the huge cross in front of him.
He felt that using a certain identity or a particular persona to revive
definitely had problems. Even if the identity, the persona, had a real body,
real Beyonder characteristics, and a certain level of self-awareness, it still
wouldn’t be nearly perfect.
And Adam’s behavior had deepened his suspicions.
Sitting beside him, Adam, who was dressed in a simple white robe, didn’t
show any change in expression. “He” maintained “His” composure when
preaching.
“Yes.
“I’ll only be complete if I fuse with ‘True.'”
Indeed… Klein sighed and said, “Although the True Creator is an
embodiment of negative personalities and extreme emotions, ‘He’ has also
inherited your humanity?”
“That’s why ‘He’ went mad.” Adam appeared to be speaking about a
stranger.
Klein thought for a moment before interpreting the remaining contents of
the second Blasphemy Slate. He asked, “If the two of you really fuse as
one, who among you will take center stage?”
“This is what we have been competing for after we awakened,” Adam said
as “He” released the hand holding the silver cross pendant.
Therefore, you obtained the first Blasphemy Slate through Amon, hoping to
use it to gain control of the Chaos Sea and gain the upper hand? Klein was
enlightened as he nodded with a frown.
“All of you seem to have a tacit understanding regarding this matter. The
True Creator has never made an issue out of your identity or used external
forces to deal with you.”
“This is between us,” Adam replied calmly.
Klein fell silent for a few seconds before staring at the Blasphemy Slate.
“I have a nagging feeling that the Red Angel’s death and many of the things
that happened during the Fourth Epoch weren’t that simple.”
Klein kept asking and probing. Apart from trying to understand more
secrets and gain more knowledge, he was stalling for time and maintaining
their present interaction.
Compared to being hypnotized by Adam and turning muddle-headed, or
sleeping directly, he wished to stay awake.
With this in mind, Klein lowered his head to look at the blood-stained
wooden stake embedded in his chest. He felt that the pain it brought was so
real.
“Why do you say that?” Adam asked in return, as if “He” would begin
praying at any moment.
Klein deliberated over his words and said, “Before the Black Emperor
returned, the Solomon Empire only had one true god, the True Creator, and
the Red Priest’s Uniqueness. The nobles and powers who supported Alista
Tudor occupied the four Uniquenesses of Visionary, Door, Error, The Fool.
Together, even adding on the King of Angels Ouroboros, ‘They’ wouldn’t
be able to fend off the six orthodox deities like Evernight and company.
Furthermore, ‘They’ still had the Justiciar Uniqueness on hand…
“In such a situation, even if you didn’t plan on scheming to target the Red
Angel, no one will suspect you. Of course, a crazy Blood Emperor might be
more useful to you.”
Adam’s gaze remained unchanged as “He” stared at the huge cross.
“You don’t understand because you don’t know enough.
“In the Fourth Epoch, apart from the three great empires and the true deities
and Kings of Angels behind them, there were also the Demoness Sect and
the Moses Ascetic Order. There was also the Abyss’s infiltration and
secretly developed Artisans, as well as the Southern Continent’s Balam.
“And that wasn’t all. In addition, there were many crucial factors at stake.”
Klein nodded thoughtfully and said, “For example, the conflict between the
six deities?”
Adam smiled warmly and said, “More than that.”
Without waiting for Klein to ask further, Adam added calmly, “You should
have been to Bansy.”
Klein’s heart stirred as he opened his mouth but didn’t say a word.
Adam continued, “In addition, after I perished, the invasion on reality by
the Outer Deities clearly deepened.”
…
In the ancient palace above the fog.
Due to the lack of response to the prayer light representing Bernadette, it
kept expanding and contracting, emitting rippling halos.
This provoked the vortex formed by the transparent maggots. It frantically
flailed its slippery tentacles and lashed towards that direction.
After repeated misses, one of the tentacles touched the correct prayer light.