Chapter 1079

: 1079 The Hardworking Gardeners
1079 The Hardworking Gardeners
Above the gray fog, Klein, who was sitting at The Fool’s seat, beckoned for
the Unshadowed Crucifix.
The bronze cross was tied together with an ordinary-looking button, and the
surface of the latter was already covered with a layer of crystalline but
heavy-feeling particles.
This was The Hermit Cattleya’s Judge button. It was reserved for Judgment
Xio at a price of 3,500 pounds. Therefore, Admiral of Stars had sacrificed it
to Mr. Fool in advance, requesting the mighty existence to get an angel
under him to shatter it.
And on Monday’s Tarot Gathering, Xio had made a reservation for the
Judge potion formula at a price of 2,000 pounds.
According to their agreement, Justice Audrey wasn’t to share anything they
obtained from exploring Groselle’s Travels —other than knowledge. She
was only providing free help for The World killing Hvin Rambis. As for
The Star Leonard, he had the right to sell the potion formulas and historical
knowledge, but obviously, Judgment Xio trusted The World Gehrman
Sparrow more.
The purging should be almost done. This way, I can trade the Unshadowed
Crucifix with Little Sun without any worries… In the future, if there are
other similar requests, they’ll definitely be more willing to trade with Little
Sun, instead of asking Mr. Fool for help. No one will dare frequently
disturb a hidden existence, unless there’s really no other way…
When Little Sun has the chance to become a demigod and transform the
Unshadowed Crucifix into a special characteristic, I should be a Sequence
3. I’ll be able to use the power of this mysterious space above the gray fog
to shatter Sealed Artifacts…
After the “disinfection” process of the gray fog, Adam probably wouldn’t
be able to rely on the Unshadowed Crucifix to lock onto Little Sun.
However, even if he were able to find it through this, it wouldn’t be too
serious. His brother,
Amon, knew long ago that Little Sun is related to Mr. Fool…
Yes, it seems that Amon can freely enter and leave the Forsaken Land of the
Gods. I wonder if that’s also the case for Adam… As Klein separated the
Unshadowed Crucifix from the button that had begun to praise the sun, he
looked at the Beyonder characteristic that had been purged while waiting
for Little Sun to hold a sacrificial and bestowment ceremony.
The City of Silver, within the spire.
Derrick Berg had finished setting up the ritual. He watched as a black, mud-
covered doll approached with a wooden cane which looked like nothing
special, and he placed it on the altar.
After a serious prayer and doing some work, the illusory sacrifice and
bestowment door opened and took away Life’s Cane, leaving behind a
bronze-green and spiky cross.
At the same time, the name of the cross suddenly appeared in Derrick’s
mind, including information of its usage and its negative effects.
He suppressed his excitement and first thanked Mr. Fool before ending the
ritual. He walked to the front of the altar, picked up the Unshadowed
Crucifix, and scrutinized it repeatedly.
After tidying up, Derrick left and went to a room opposite and knocked on
the Chiefs door.
“Come in.” Colin Iliad’s deep voice rang out.
Derrick turned the doorknob, pushed open the door, walked in, and openly
revealed the bronze cross.
Your Excellency, this is the item left behind by the Lord I previously
mentioned. It’s called the ‘Unshadowed Crucifix.’ The method is to let the
spikes on it be stained with the blood of the holder.”
He had deliberately changed the term “relic” to the “item left behind.”
The white-haired Colin had already cast his gaze over when Derrick took
out the ancient cross. After listening to the introduction, he walked towards
it with heavy steps. He took the item and kept examining it.
Finally, Colin Iliad placed his thumb on a thorn and allowed fresh blood to
flow out.
The mottled bronze-green started to peel away as the Unshadowed Crucifix
revealed a physical body formed from pure light, illuminating the entire
room without any trace of darkness.
After an indescribable sacred feeling filled the surrounding area, Colin
released his fingers and sighed.
“This is indeed the Lord’s item…”
Although he was born in an era more than two thousand years since the
City of Silver was “forsaken,” making it impossible for them to sense the
aura of god, this city still had quite a few things that were used to offer
sacrifices to the Creator. Every time the Black-Faced Grass was harvested,
they would be taken out and used in the ritual. Through a comparison with
these items, Colin Iliad could almost confirm the origins of the cross.
Derrick had wanted to give a response, but the heavy tone in the Chiefs
words suddenly pressed down on his heart, preventing him from speaking.
Colin Iliad didn’t make any further comments and just stood there silently
with the Unshadowed Crucifix in hand.
After a few seconds, the City of Silver Chief broke the silence and said with
a slightly hoarse voice, “The return of the Lord’s item is a sign. We shall
welcome the sign of dawn.
“I will hold onto this Unshadowed Crucifix for half a day. I want to gather
all the Elders in the city to present this item to them.
“Heh heh, even I can’t casually deal with a saint-level Sealed Artifact. Since
I lost Life’s Cane, I have to explain it to the other Elders and request to be
punished. You must remember that, as Chief, you must have the courage to
shoulder the corresponding responsibilities. You can’t avoid punishment
just because you think that it’s good for the City of Silver. You might be
right this time, but you can’t guarantee that you’re always right.
“Don’t worry. This Unshadowed Crucifix will eventually return to you.”
The Chiefs words are deep and profound… I’ll get Mr. Hanged Man to
explain it to me at the next Tarot Gathering… Derrick instinctively wanted
to raise his right hand and scratch the back of his head, but in the end, he
endured it and informed Colin Iliad of the negative effects of the
Unshadowed Crucifix.
Backlund North Borough, 160 Boklund Street.
Klein sacrificed Winner Enuni above the gray fog to ensure “marionette
preservation.” This was to make it convenient for him to use him in the
future. He planned on getting Earl of The Fallen Qonas Kilgor to wear the
Flower of Blood ring and wield Life’s Cane. In day-to-day life, he would
create some harrowing and bizarre situations from time to time, helping him
expedite the digestion of his potion. This way, Enuni had no way of using
Flower of Blood to hide in Qonas Kilgor’s stomach. He needed to hide in a
more concealed manner, making it rather troublesome. Therefore,
Klein decided to simply leave him above the gray fog. After all, Klein could
create ordinary marionettes anytime he wanted.
Why does the action of placing a marionette in a preservation cabinet to
keep fresh feel odd… It’s not like I’m acting in a horror movie… However,
this does fit the name of Bizarro Sorcerer a bit. The angel from the
Antigonus and Zaratul family all hang up their marionettes to “wind dry,”
so I’m much better than them! After rubbing his chin, Klein stuffed the
ordinary wood-colored cane into a specially-made cane he bought through
Miss Judgment.
The cane was hollow, and it could be used to contain a sword that wasn’t
considered too wide. It was perfect for hiding Life’s Cane.
After he was done with this work, he allowed the servant who looked like
Enuni, who was actually Qonas, to take away his cane and return to the
room next door. He washed up himself before getting into bed.
While sleeping soundly in a pleasant, relaxed state, Klein’s spiritual
perception suddenly stirred. He abruptly sat up and cast his gaze at the
attached balcony.
The curtains weren’t fully drawn, and he could see the situation outside.
It was dark green outside the window with vine-leaves, and flowers were
growing all over the place in layers. This made him suspect that he had
been transported to the forest.
This… The corners of his mouth twitched as he vaguely guessed what was
going on.
He rolled out of bed and walked to the balcony, drawing the curtains open.
What entered his vision was no longer the garden in the residence of
Dwayne Dantes. Instead, it was a lush forest.
This is what it means to make the surrounding area become filled with a
vibrant life force. Be it animals or plants, they’re all flourishing and
growing rapidly. Isn’t this a little too fast? Klein’s expression instantly
turned a little blank.
Previously, when he had divined that the Life’s Cane’s negative effects, he
had “seen” similar scenes. However, the revelation he received was that it
wasn’t harmful to the surrounding area. Thus, he believed that the growing
and proliferation process took a fairly long period of time and could be
effectively controlled, allowing one to pay no attention to it for a very, very
long time before seeing such a scene.
With this thought in mind, he observed all the Spirit Body Threads in the
surrounding area. He realized that humans weren’t affected at all, but the
number of rats and cockroaches was clearly increasing.
This result made him heave a sigh of relief. He looked out of the window at
the “forest” and sighed silently.
Indeed, there isn’t much danger. It’s just quite exaggerated… I still have to
keep it above the gray fog most of the time…
More than ten seconds later, figures appeared within the “forest.” Some of
them were very thin, and others were thick. They all wore black trench
coats, and their faces were very flat. They had no eyes, noses, and mouths.
These figures were either crouching or standing—busy burning weeds,
cutting the vines, and removing the unnecessary flowers in the quiet night.
The next morning, Butler Walter woke up as usual and opened the window.
The garden outside was bathed in the morning fog. There was some dew
that gathered, emitting a fresh scent.
Better than yesterday… Walter nodded slightly and praised the two
gardeners.
The vibrant scene made him feel a little restless as he began missing his
wife for no apparent reason, so he left the room to patrol the estate and
made arrangements for all sorts of affairs. Finally, he waited at the entrance
of the dining room.
Not long after, his employer, Dwayne Dantes, led his valet, Enuni, down
from the third floor.
Walter went forward to bow and talked about today’s arrangements before
taking the initiative to mention it.
“Sir, I would like to take one day leave from the current month’s
allowance.”
As he spoke, he suddenly saw the mixed-blood servant’s neck split open,
revealing a black eye.
Walter was shocked and nearly tumbled backward. But in the blink of an
eye, he realized that there was no strange eye on Enuni’s neck.
It must be because I didn’t sleep well last night and had a strange dream,
resulting in me being distracted and having hallucinations… Walter
hurriedly gathered his thoughts and lowered his head slightly.
In his heart, Klein apologized and nodded.
“No problem. Have a wonderful day with your family.”