Chapter 1134

Mr. Door
As Trissy recited the words, the gems around her emitted cracking sounds
as they shattered into powder and floated up.
They shimmered with red, blue, green, or resplendent light before rapidly
gathering into a torrent that surged towards the candlelight on the altar.
At the same time, strands of hair that had been burnt inside the cauldron
joined the process.
The fire began to expand and interweave with each other, turning
increasingly dark, as if it was an illusory door that led to other worlds.
Trissy immediately felt the surrounding temperature drop rapidly, as though
countless dangers were seeping out of the fire.
A sentence flashed across her mind. It was a reminder from Gehrman
Sparrow:
“Be careful of Mr. Door.”
As expected of someone with a messenger of that level… His
understanding of Mr. Door, and his confidence in knowing about my plans,
might be deeper and more precise than I imagined… Trissy slowly took a
deep breath and patiently waited for the subsequent changes.
In just a blink of an eye, she felt that the void in the room thinned
significantly. Many of the places were covered with shadows, as though
there were large amounts of indescribable creatures hiding behind them.
The dim, expanding flame slowly turned into a gigantic, deep crimson
vortex.
As the vortex spun, an ethereal voice that could pierce through one’s Spirit
Body finally sounded from the bottom: “…Cheek?”
Upon hearing this voice, the blood vessels in Trissy’s forehead throbbed. It
was as if her head had been pierced by countless steel needles as they
crazily stabbed and twisted.
Her black hair flared up despite the lack of wind. Every strand grew slightly
thicker, and the skin on her face became transparent. Her blood vessels
protruded out one after another, densely packed like a spider’s web.
After spending a great deal of effort, Trissy finally managed to control
herself. She then heard the voice that could make most Beyonders lose
control, chuckling and saying, “It looks like it’s Cheek’s Blessed…
“Back then, we had seen the second Blasphemy Slate together… and we
were able to surpass Sequence 1… and live to this day… Now, the only
ones left are likely the Artisan, Cheek, and me…”
Trissy ignored Mr. Door’s poignant sigh and said with a twisted expression:
“Honorable Mr. Door, I have something to ask you.”
“Speak… The time spent being lost and trapped in the darkness and the
storm is just too boring… It’s rare for someone to have a chat with me…”
The terrifying voice replied without much change from the slowly rotating
dark vortex.
Trissy’s facial muscles twitched involuntarily, still unable to get used to the
ravings of this evil god’s equal.
She paused for a few seconds before saying, “…I want to know if there are
any unorthodox ways to enter the nine secret mausoleums built by Blood
Emperor Tudor for becoming the Black Emperor,
It was unknown where he was, but Mr. Door’s ethereal laughter sounded
through the endless void:
“So it’s because of this…
“This isn’t difficult… I’ll give you a symbol… You can gather the blood of
Beyonders from different pathways and mix them together… Mixing it with
your spirituality, draw the symbol in front of the mausoleum. Then, you can
open the secret passage that leads into it…”
As the existence spoke, sparks separated from the dark vortex, forming a
rather complicated symbol in midair.
It was like doors that were stacked in decreasing sizes as they randomly
extended without end.
Trissy held back the excruciating pain of her Spirit Body tearing apart. She
memorized the symbol and sought confirmation:
“There must be blood from all twenty-two Beyonder pathways?
“Each pathway only requires the blood of a Beyonder, regardless of his
Sequence?
“How much blood of each pathway is required?”
Mr. Door replied in the same way that he had been raving in earlier,
“Right… there’s no need for too much… Just a small tube will do… Just
guarantee that the symbol drawing can be finished…”
Although Trissy wore a painful grimace, she couldn’t help but smile when
she received the critical information.
This, combined with her overall expression, made her appear odd, as
though she was a lunatic.
After completing her main goal, Trissy asked again to ensure smooth
cooperation with Gehrman Sparrow in the future, “The Abraham family
wants to know how to get rid of the ancient curse.”
The dark vortex was silent for a few seconds before sighing.
“Set up such a ritual… Sacrifice one of the demigods of the Seer,
Apprentice, and Marauder pathway… Once I leave the storm and penetrate
the darkness… the curse will no longer exist…”
Trissy wasn’t interested in how the Abraham family could escape the
ancient curse. After receiving the answer, she couldn’t take it any longer. As
she thanked Mr. Door, she began to stop the ritual.
As for Mr. Door, he didn’t attempt to bewitch, threaten, or corrupt her.
After the dark fire vortex disintegrated and the ritual ended, Trissy began to
Cogitate, spending nearly an hour to calm the effects of Mr. Door’s ravings.
After doing all of this, Trissy took out a pen and paper and copied the
symbol provided by Mr. Door. She described the two answers in detail.
She knew that she was being pursued by Saintess of White Katarina, and
there seemed to be even more terrifying hunters that would follow her
wake. It was very difficult for her to find the blood of Beyonders of
different pathways that quickly, so she planned on leaving this matter to
Gehrman Sparrow.
In addition, she believed that even if George III and the others believed that
there was no problem with the secret mausoleum and that it was safe
enough; thus, not leaving too many guards, there were still precautions
inside. It wasn’t something that a Sequence 4 could quickly force their way
through and cause damage. That way, they would be stopped by the
reinforcements and lose their best chance.
As for Gehrman Sparrow, even his messenger was at the level of an angel.
The strength of the organization behind him was obvious, so they had the
ability to destroy the mausoleum at the critical moment, causing the Black
Emperor ritual to fail.
She couldn’t complete it herself, so of course she had to find assistance
from someone with the ability to accomplish it!
After throwing the letter into a mailbox on a nearby street, the black-haired,
black-coated Trissy slowly walked down in the cold and lonely road. On the
dim road, she looked at the light from the gas lamps and laughed self-
deprecatingly.
“For the sake of a little indignation, I’ve actually gone this far…
“You’re lucky. At least I’ll avenge you…
“And if I die, apart from those who hate me, no one will remember me…”
After receiving the letter from Miss Messenger, Klein sat on the chair and
read it several times.
Before he went above the gray fog to divine the authenticity of Mr. Door’s
method, he subconsciously thought about how quickly he could gather the
blood from the twenty-two Beyonder pathways.
This symbol is very similar to the symbol behind Miss Magician’s chair… I
can use my own for Seer… For Apprentice, I can find Miss Magician, and
also give her some pressure to write… There are three choices for the
Marauder pathway:
Transform a marionette into a mosquito and send a mosquito to bite Hazel;
obtain it from Vice Admiral Iceberg’s third mate named Flowery Bow Tie,
and lastly, get it from Leonard’s grandpa…
The Spectator pathway, Miss Justice… The Bard pathway, Little Sun… The
Storm pathway, Mr. Hanged Man… the Reader pathway, Vice Admiral
Iceberg, or that demigod named Lucca… Secrets Suppliant, get the second
mate of Ma’am Hermit, Bloodless Heath Doyle…
The Corpse Collector pathway, Numinous Episcopate’s Patrick Bryan…
The Sleepless pathway, my dear poet… the Warrior pathway, most of the
citizens of the City of Silver or Father Utravsky…
Planter, Frank… Apothecary, Emlyn…
Arbiter, Miss Xio… Lawyer, Marionette Qonas…
Hunter, Danitz or Anderson… Demoness, get Trissy to provide it herself…
Prisoner, Miss Sharron or Marie… Criminal, I temporarily have no
targets…
Mystery Pryer, Ma’am Hermit… Savant, Frank’s experiment assistant…
Monster, Marionette EnunL”
From the looks of it, most of them can be obtained in a very short period of
time. The corresponding channels have sufficient trust in me and believe
that I wouldn’t curse them with their blood… This Demoness Trissy
definitely has a way to eliminate the connection between the blood and the
actual body. She won’t object… Only Devil. Although I’ve encountered a
few, they have either died or fled. Currently, I have no target in mind…
Yes, I can ask Little Sun if the City of Silver has any Devil flesh and blood
left in its inventory. They will encounter some from time to time…
If he hadn’t thought about it, Klein wouldn’t have realized that, in less than
two years of his transmigration, he had actually established a deeper
connection with most of the Beyonder pathways.
He immediately retracted his thoughts and seriously considered Mr. Door’s
escape ritual.
Sacrifice one of each: Marauder, Apprentice, and Seer demigods… These
are the three pathways that can be interchanged… Mr. Door wants to
temporarily reconcile the three pathways, and use an ingenious method to
open the passage to return?
…The demigods of these three pathways aren’t that easy to capture. It’s
possible for the Abraham family to do so at its peak. After the death of the
High-Sequence Beyonders in the War of the Four Emperors and the
corresponding setbacks, it’s pretty much hopeless…
If Mr. Door could be more patient and give the descendants more time to
grow, it wouldn’t be impossible. However, “He” still constantly cries for
help, causing the deaths of promising descendants…
Is “He” crazy? A lunatic who looks like a normal person?
After some thought, he burned the letter and went above the gray fog to do
two divinations.
The revelations he received was that the method to enter the secret
mausoleum was real. Mr. Door’s return ritual was also true.
Looking at the spirit pendulum in his hand, he sat silently in the high-back
chair for a long time.
After a few minutes, he clenched his left hand and gripped the topaz
pendant tightly. He muttered to himself, All there is left is to wait for the
Bizarro Sorcerer potion to be completely digested, and for George III to
hold the ritual…