Chapter 258

: Murder Case
The concrete road had turned dirty from prolonged rain. Two gas lamps, the
height of an adult male, along the two sides of the road emitted a bright but
misty light due to the moisture on the glass.
A rental carriage drove through the night as the surrounding pedestrians
either wore hats or carried umbrellas.
Klein leaned against the wall, idly admiring the evening streets of
Backlund.
At that moment, he suddenly felt the temperature inside the carriage drop
significantly. A gloomy and cold wind was swirling about.
Klein jerked his head around and saw that Miss Bodyguard, dressed in a
black Gothic regal dress, was sitting across from him without him even
realizing it.
Her voice was ethereal and dreamy.
“That Eye of Wisdom sensed my presence.”
As expected… Klein nodded, unsurprised. “He has several mystical items;
perhaps he sensed you because of them. I even suspect that he has an
organization behind him.”
Otherwise, it’s quite impossible for Eye of Wisdom to collect several
relatively powerful mystical items in thirty years with his power alone.
Previously, Rear Admiral Hurricane Qilangos only had a single Creeping
Hunger despite being one of the seven great pirate admirals. Of course, it
was possible that the latter had high standards and ordinary mystical items
didn’t catch his attention. After all, with Creeping Hunger, he could be more
well-rounded and nearly be without any weaknesses.
Yes, for Eye of Wisdom himself to be rich there has to be a rather good
explanation as well. He’s organized so many gatherings, and once he finds
a suitable mystical item, he would spare no expense to get it. Having a few
in his collection isn’t that unbelievable… Sigh, it’s like he has a gold mine
at home, or he runs a bank… Klein lampooned silently.
He didn’t mention in detail that he had guessed that Eye of Wisdom was
from the Church of the God of Steam and Machinery, or from the Church of
the God of Knowledge and Wisdom, out of fear that he would expose to
Miss Bodyguard that he wasn’t someone who had just become a Beyonder.
The blonde Miss Bodyguard nodded slightly, as though agreeing with
Klein’s suspicions.
Suddenly, she frowned and looked at the window opposite her.
“A rich smell of blood.”
There’s a strong smell of blood… Klein turned his head in puzzlement and
looked out the window.
There was a secluded alley in the sparse drizzle.
Near the mouth of the alley, a woman wearing a gorgeous dress was on the
ground.
At that moment, a pedestrian walked past and on careful inspection, let out
a sudden scream.
The screams startled the horse slightly as the carriage driver quickly
tightened the reins, slowing down the carriage.
Under the light of the gas lamp, Klein saw the pale face of the woman lying
on the ground at the mouth of the alley. There was a deep gash in her
stomach, and her internal organs seemed to have been hollowed out.
The blood on the ground around her was flowing slowly, crimson and thick.
This… As a qualified former Nighthawk, he quickly thought of many
similar cases.
These were often related to devil worship!
And when it came to devil worship, it was almost always tied to ancient
organizations. It was the Blood Sanctify Sect that first appeared in the
Fourth Epoch!
According to the records, this was a loose alliance formed due to the
worship of devils. It consisted of several so-called devil clans, such as the
Nois, Andariel, and Beria clans. They weren’t subordinate to each other.
In their bid to proselytize faith in the devil, they committed many murders.
Back in Tingen, the accountant for the Nighthawks, Mrs. Orianna, was one
such victim who was thankfully saved.
Of course, not all similar cases were committed by them. Many people felt
that such acts were very cool and began to imitate them.
“It looks like it was done by the Blood Sanctify Sect,” Miss Bodyguard
whispered as her figure rapidly turned translucent before vanishing. She
didn’t care if Klein understood her or comprehended the situation.
At that moment, the carriage had already passed the scene of the crime.
Klein also noticed that the patrolling police had arrived, so he held back his
idea of getting off the carriage to observe and instead, chose to act as an
ordinary citizen who was passing by.
Yes, Citizen Mr. Moriarty…
The Blood Sanctify Sect has the Criminal pathway, which is also known as
the Devil pathway. It’s said that after Sequence 7, the corresponding
Beyonder would gradually turn demonic. However, they would only reveal
those signs under certain circumstances…
Sequence 9 Criminals have strong bodies, keen instincts, and a variety of
criminal abilities, but their conscience isn’t gone yet… Sequence 8, known
by its ancient name “Coldblooded,” has the modern name “Unwinged
Angel.” It means that from that moment forth, they lose their conscience
and revel in evil desires, with bodies that look even more inhuman. They
would also obtain some of the magical powers of the devil. Sequence 7
Serial Killer grasps a good deal of knowledge and rituals regarding devil
worship. They like to please the devil with special serial murders…
I don’t know the Sequences after that…
The information regarding the Blood Sanctify Sect and the Devil pathway
flashed past Klein’s mind. The rain outside seemed to become heavier as
the rain on the windows converged and fell, and the whole world became
quiet and unclear.
What’s the point of thinking so much? Such matters would definitely be
taken over by a Beyonder squad. It might be the Mandated Punishers or
Nighthawks. There’s no need for me to worry. Klein shook his head with a
laugh as he muttered in his mind.
By the time he returned to 15 Minsk Street, he had forgotten about the
murder case. He went next door and knocked on the Sammers’ front door,
asking Mrs. Stelyn to tell Mary that she could come for the evidence
tomorrow afternoon. Following that, he washed up and read the
newspapers, learning about the current situation and news in Backlund.
On Saturday morning the next day, Klein enjoyed his breakfast slowly and
went out to pick up the freshly developed photographs. He chose the one
with the best view of Doragu Gale’s and Erica Taylor’s face, one that
brought out their passion the most.
After putting the photos away, he went to the Rice Police Station before
Mrs. Mary arrived and successfully got the bail money that was worth ten
pounds back.
In the process, he also saw the real Sergeant Faxine and felt a little
uncomfortable.
After withdrawing the remaining 500 pounds in cash from his account,
Klein was finally done with everything after having a busy morning.
Before he prepared lunch, he handed the remaining 600 pounds to Miss
Bodyguard in one go, leaving 146 pounds 8 soli, and 5 pence on him. That
was all his liquid funds.
Other than Miss Justice, I have no other debts… Klein cooked himself a T-
bone steak and sprinkled it with black pepper sauce.
Just as he was enjoying the taste of the medium well steak whilst in a good
mood, the doorbell suddenly rang and resounded through his house.
“Mrs. Mary? Isn’t this too early?” Puzzled, Klein put down his fork and
knife, and he walked to the door.
He paused for two seconds as the image of the visitor outside the door
appeared in his mind.
It was an old-fashioned gentleman in a light gray overcoat, a silk top hat,
and he held a black and gold cane. He had sharp blue eyes, and his temples
were streaked with white. His wrinkles were deeply engraved in his face,
causing his facial muscles to seemingly sag.
“May I know who you’re looking for?” Klein asked after opening the door.
The old gentleman said in a thick Midseashire accent, “Are you Sherlock,
Detective Moriarty?”
“Do you have something you wish to entrust to me?” Klein nodded and
made way, leading the old gentleman into the living room.
He hesitated for two seconds, then asked, “Would you like coffee or tea?”
“A cup of hot water, please.” The old gentleman had taken off his hat and
sat down.
Very well, it’s very simple… Maybe I should consider getting an assistant to
serve tea and clean the place… As Klein’s mind wandered, he turned to the
kitchen and rinsed a glass.
After placing the hot water in front of the old gentleman, he walked to the
sofa and sat down with his hands folded.
“How may I address you?”
“Millet Carter,” the old gentleman answered simply.
“Mr. Carter, what would you like to entrust me with?” Klein asked directly
without bothering to exchange pleasantries.
As he spoke, he quietly activated his Spirit Vision to observe Carter.
This old gentleman is in quite good health. There are some problems with
the color of the joints of his left leg—probably arthritis… His emotions are
mostly blue from calm thinking, with a hint of anxiety… With just a glance,
Klein had come to a general conclusion.
Millet Carter lifted the white porcelain cup and, while rubbing its surface,
said, “The thing is… I’ve bought a house on Williams Street. Heh, I come
from Midseashire and because of my business, I’ll be living in Backlund
permanently.”
Williams Street… Where’s that? Having been in Backlund for less than a
month, Klein, who had to consult the map or rely on his intuition, tried his
best to appear staid and reliable.
Millet Carter looked at him, and under his gaze, he continued, “Rumor has
it that the house was originally owned by a bankrupt viscount. That was
about two to three decades ago. After a few changes of hands, I finally
bought it.
“I planned on doing some renovations that suited the modern style, but I
discovered a hidden secret door in the basement which leads to a very large
underground structure. Considering that it might not be safe inside, I
temporarily stopped construction, and I prevented the workers and servants
from rashly exploring it. I hope that you can help me confirm the situation
inside the underground structure.”
Underground structure… Ancient ruins? Secret treasure? Klein thought and
said, “Why didn’t you call the police?
“The resources that the police can mobilize are more than a hundred times
that of a private detective like me can muster. The results of the exploration
will definitely be better and more reliable.”
Millet Carter rubbed his nose bridge.
“I don’t want too many people to know about this, especially the
government.
“If I confirm that there is no danger within the underground structure, then I
intend to use it as part of the structure and re-purpose it.
“I know that this is a high risk for you, and I’m willing to pay 50 pounds for
it. But you can’t have more than three assistants, and I can make up for it
later, depending on the circumstances.”
50 pounds, that’s quite a high price… If I were an ordinary detective, that
would be equivalent to two or three months of my income… He’s just
arrived in Backlund and doesn’t know any other detectives. He could only
read the newspapers to look for hires and ended up coming to me… Klein
hesitated for a few seconds.
“Let me think about it.”
He suddenly revealed an apologetic smile, pointed behind him and said,
“I’m need to use the bathroom.”
Millet Carter nodded slightly and took a sip of hot water.
After entering the bathroom and closing the wooden door, Klein looked at
the mirror and took out a copper penny.
Because he had Miss Bodyguard with him, he couldn’t confirm it above the
gray fog, so he could only rely on his own divination skills.
“I should accept this commission.”
…
Klein chanted seven times and flicked the coin as he watched it tumble
down.
Thud!
The copper coin fell into his palm, and the king’s portrait faced up,
indicating a positive response.
Klein slightly nodded, and whispered into the air, “What does your intuition
tell you?”
Miss Bodyguard’s figure quickly appeared in the mirror. She replied
expressionlessly, “There’s a certain amount of danger, but it’s not great.”
Very good… Klein put away the coin, washed his hands, and walked out of
the bathroom and into the living room.
He looked at Millet Carter and said with a smile, “I’ll take this
commission.”