Chapter 146

: Creeping Hunger
“What’s so special about Qilangos’s magical item?” Audrey asked slightly
confidently.
She considered it carefully and suddenly realized that she had a decent
ability to locate people in Backlund.
Firstly, her father was one of the most wealthy, connected, and reputable
nobles, while she was quite popular amongst the younger generation too.
Hence, in the upper-middle class of the society, she had quite a few
resources to take advantage of.
Secondly, the two Beyonders that she knew had their own circles as well.
Apprentice Fors was originally a clinical doctor, and was now an author.
She knew quite a number of people in the literary world and publishing
industry, as well as among the middle-class doctors.
Arbiter Xio Derecha had helped many middle-lower class people to
coordinate and mediate disputes over a long period of time. She was also
quite famous in East Backlund borough among the working class and
mafia. She had a lot of hidden channels.
Plus, considering the Beyonders that they knew and their circles of
influence, their ability to look for a person wasn’t to be belittled.
Towards Justice’s question, Alger answered almost straightaway without
hesitation or thought.
“No one knows the real name of the magical item, but the people who have
come into contact with it call it the ‘Creeping Hunger.’ Qilangos uses a
living person’s soul and flesh to satisfy it every other day. Otherwise, it
would consume its owner as a replacement.”
“This could be one of the most important clues to seek out Qilangos,”
Audrey said, creasing her eyebrows.
She felt utter discomfort and extreme hatred towards any evil item that
desired a living human’s fresh blood and soul.
“Yes, but in a big city with at least five million people, a few vagrants going
missing wouldn’t be noticed,” Alger reminded her. “Ever since he got his
hands on the Creeping Hunger, Qilangos has been very difficult to deal
with.”
“He was originally a Wind-blessed. He possesses great Beyonder power in
domains related to water, wind, and the weather. But, later on, people
realized that he could drive his targets crazy, enter the dreams of others,
summon light to purify a dead soul, sing to strengthen himself, and change
his appearance… There’s almost nothing that he can’t do,” Alger described
in detail. “We suspect that those are all effects that came from the magical
item, Creeping Hunger…”
Before he finished sharing, Derrick Berg, who had been listening quietly,
suddenly blurted, “Shepherd!”
Shepherd? Sequence 5 of the Secrets Suppliant and Listener pathway?
Hmm, among the six-member council in the City of Silver, there is a new
elder who’s a Shepherd. Sun had mentioned that she’s strong enough to fight
against a Sequence 4 expert, well—an evil spirit of the same grade…
Klein’s expression changed slightly, but it was covered by the gray fog.
Justice wasn’t paying any attention to him either.
“Shepherd?”
“Shepherd?”
Justice and The Hanged Man asked in unison. One sounded completely
confused while the other sounded shocked, as though they had heard the
title of Shepherd elsewhere before and knew something about it, but didn’t
understand the actual situation.
Seeing that everyone was staring at him, Derrick suddenly panicked a little.
No matter how quiet, depressed, and vexed he was, he was a boy after all.
He hurriedly explained with a stammer, “What I meant was, the traits that
The Hanged Man described were like the Beyonder power of the Sequence
job, Shepherd. Every Shepherd can swallow another’s soul into their body,
including wraiths and evil spirits. They control these souls to do their
bidding with a unique method, which allows them to make use of their
abilities, just like a god letting his lambs out to graze.
“Hence, no one knows how many powers a Shepherd has. That depends on
how many Beyonder souls they have swallowed, and that makes them very
scary. They’re almost like a High-Sequence Beyonder.
“However, there are people who suspect that there’s a limit to the number of
souls that a Shepherd can consume and let out to graze, and that the souls
inside them could be replaced as well.”
So that’s what being a Shepherd means… The Sequence pathway that the
Aurora Order has in its control is enigmatic… No wonder they worship the
True Creator, no, the Fallen Creator… Klein was suddenly enlightened, but
he didn’t nod, taking on the appearance that he knew so long ago.
Meanwhile, he sighed inwardly. Sun, you are a boy after all. This is very
important information, very important insight. You could’ve exchanged it
for valuable things, but you just revealed it all! Just like that…
Yes, the ability demonstrated by the magical item Creeping Hunger is
similar to a Sequence 5 Shepherd… I wonder if other Sealed Artifacts have
the same powers of Beyonders? I wonder which Sequence the Sealed
Artifact 2-049, the Antigonus family’s puppet, resembles…
After listening to Sun’s explanation, Alger seemed to have sorted out the
puzzle in his mind as he nodded in silence.
Audrey got even more curious and pressed, “Which Sequence pathway is
Shepherd from? Which number is it?”
“The Secrets Suppliant pathway, Sequence 5.” Klein seized the opportunity
to answer so as to demonstrate that he knew everything.
“Secrets Suppliant… Aurora Order…” Audrey suddenly recalled Mr. A,
who was a suspected Oracle of the Aurora Order, and she immediately felt
heavy-hearted.
She started thinking seriously, thinking of what price she could pay in
exchange for Mr. Fool to take action and rid off that disgusting fellow
effortlessly. However, she couldn’t think of anything that would move Mr.
Fool into doing so.
As expected, a figure akin to a god wouldn’t be easily moved… There aren’t
many things and matters that would garner their interest after all… Audrey
sighed.
Putting her impulse aside, she nodded to The Sun gratefully, thanking him
for giving them a new perspective on Creeping Hunger, so that they could
deal with it more reasonably and efficiently.
“Mr. Hanged Man, I’m willing to accept the mission. But I can’t guarantee
if I can find Rear Admiral Hurricane, Qilangos.” Audrey looked opposite
her when she spoke.
“There’s no better answer than this. Regardless of your success, as long as
you try, I will definitely compensate you with things like secret information
or intelligence. And if you succeed, maybe I could provide you the
Telepathist’s main ingredients directly. Of course, the prerequisite is that we
have to know what it is,” Alger promised generously, which was a rare
sight.
“Deal,” Audrey pursed her lips and replied with a faint smile.
Then, Alger created Qilangos’ portrait with Klein’s permission and
assistance.
He was one of the seven major pirate admirals. He had a distinctive broad
chin, brown hair tied into a bun at the back of his head like an ancient
warrior, and green eyes that seemed to hint at laughter, but were abnormally
cold..
After they finished their discussion and shared their insights, Klein smiled
as he announced the ending of the Gathering. He saw Justice and The
Hanged Man get up swiftly from their seats and bow while The Sun
mimicked their motions, only slower.
He pressed forward with his right hand and severed the connection, but he
didn’t leave immediately.
…
In the Berg household in the City of Silver.
Derrick looked at his familiar surroundings and glanced outside at the dark
sky that had flashes of lightning. He was momentarily thrown into a trance.
But he soon jolted to his senses. He searched for goatskin and a quill before
writing down the Bard formula he memorized.
He looked at it several times and was finally certain that there was nothing
wrong with it.
Derrick wasn’t worried that possessing the Bard formula and becoming a
different Beyonder would gain the suspicion of the upper echelons of the
City of Silver. This was because in past exploratory expeditions, members
of those elite troops would often collect some formulas, ingredients, and
strange artifacts from the monsters in the abandoned and destroyed cities.
During this process, it was normal that people kept some of the loot
privately. As long as it didn’t involve anything too important, the captains
and higher-ups would tacitly overlook it.
Over time, some formulas started going around through non-official
channels within the City of Silver. Some became the foundation of strong
families from generation to generation. The Things of the Dark surrounding
the City of Silver were relatively fixed. Some ingredients could be obtained
easily while some could only be encountered if one went far into the cursed
land.
Putting aside the goatskin, Derrick recalled the mysterious Fool’s
instructions. Hence, in his simple bedroom, he lowered his head and simply
prayed,
“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era.”
“The mysterious ruler above the gray fog.”
“The King of Yellow and Black who wields good luck.”
…
Jotun was a very ancient language. It came equipped with the mystical
properties demanded by rituals, prayers, and spell casting; therefore,
Derrick didn’t need to change the incantations into ancient Hermes.
…
“The Fool that doesn’t belong to this era.”
…
Klein, who was seated at the seat of honor at the long bronze table,
suddenly heard prayers reverberating in his ears. He then saw the crimson
star that corresponded to Sun blinking.
He didn’t try to touch it, but planned to reply to him ten minutes before the
next Gathering so that the City of Silver youth would make preparations to
be alone.
The most important part was for him to evade the conversion of time and
date, to decrease the possibility of damaging Fool’s mighty image.
After he confirmed that, Klein wrapped himself up with spirituality and
stimulated a descent.
Returning to his room, Klein removed the spirituality wall and took a break
before he got ready to head out again.
It wasn’t necessary for him to play the role of a Seer, and he didn’t have to
fix his trip to the Divination Club into his daily schedule. He would only
visit occasionally to make some extra pocket money and fulfill his
supervision as a Nighthawk.
Originally, Klein wanted to laze around through the entire afternoon, but he
suddenly thought of something that he had yet to do. So, he had no choice
but to gather himself up. According to his appointment, he had to pay
Detective Henry a visit that day and accept the final report about the red
chimney investigation.
Sigh. I’ve heard that the big timers are all quite busy… I still have to spare
some time to go to the Tingen Family Servant Assistance Association with
Benson and Melissa to look for a good maidservant… Klein unwillingly
changed his shirt, put on his black tuxedo, and held his silk top hat and
silver-inlaid cane before walking out the door like a gentleman.
At Besik Street, under Henry’s Private Detective Company, Klein put on a
mask and lowered his hat as he went across the street quickly and entered
the stairway.