Chapter 1254

: Exaggerated
Bang!
When the “shadow” blasted an Air Cannon forward, Klein acted as though
he had sensed it ahead of time. His body jerked backward, and he
somersaulted in the air, landing steadily several steps away.
During this process, his right hand continued to press down on the half top
hat on his head, making him seem rather relaxed.
Seeing that Enuni and the “shadow” didn’t attempt to chase and continue
their attacks, the smile on his face became even more obvious.
“It’s really impolite to interrupt others while they’re speaking.
“I wanted to discuss how to deal with you in front of all of you, but I can
only avoid that now.”
As he spoke, his left face, which formed from a cluster of transparent
maggots, trembled twice, as if he was trying to wink at his former
marionette and his former shadow.
Then, with a beaming smile on his face, he walked back to Colin Iliad,
Derrick, and Lovia and shrugged.
“The owners of this place aren’t welcoming us. We can only head out and
discuss how to resolve the problem—them.”
Colin Iliad didn’t think lowly of this exaggerated powerhouse just because
he didn’t seem capable of controlling his emotions. This was because he
had shown his expertise and meticulousness towards detail when handling
the previous matters. This wasn’t something a demigod who had lost his
mind could do.
“Alright.” The City of Silver’s Chief responded to Klein’s suggestion.
Of course, Derrick had no objections, while Lovia remained silent and
didn’t say a word.
Hence, the four demigods and the Silver Knight marionette retraced their
steps. They walked out of the Giant King’s Court’s door, and Klein even got
the silver-armored guard to pull the huge door and slowly close it. It
appeared like a very polite gesture.
Throughout the entire process, Enuni, who had layers of black wings on his
back, and the pure “shadow” just stood watching. They didn’t attempt to
stop him, as though an invisible wall had restrained their movements.
After a while, dusk dissipated and darkness descended. All awaited the light
of dawn to illuminate everything.
In this quiet and dead world, a ray of light finally rose, bringing with it a
long-awaited dawn.
At this moment, Enuni and the “shadow” heard knocking sounds at the door
of the Giant King’s Court.
Someone was knocking on the door.
Knock, knock, knock. After this continued a few more times, the door let
out a creaking sound as it opened heavily.
Wearing a black trench coat, Klein maintained the smile on the right side of
his face as he entered the Giant King’s Court first. He walked up the stairs
step by step, and the other demigods, along with his marionette, followed
one step behind.
After reaching the end of the half-way, Klein stopped and said to Enuni and
the “shadow” who were more than ten meters away, “Please forgive me for
not waiting for you to say ‘come in.’ Perhaps it’s because this spot is too far
from the main door, so you didn’t hear my knocking.
“As you know, as a gentleman, I only know how to use my fingers to strike,
not slap with my palms.”
The moment he finished speaking, Enuni, who hadn’t spoken since the
beginning, spoke:
“Next, you’ll deal with Shadow by yourself and let the people of the City of
Silver hold me back.”
“Oh?” Klein let out a loud nasal grunt while wearing an exaggerated smile,
as though he was waiting for Enuni to give a further explanation.
At the same time, he raised his left hand and pressed his face.
The transparent and twisted maggots began to squirm about, some boring
in, others crawling out and quickly completing an exchange.
With a shadow over his face, Enuni, with his black, slightly-curled hair that
reached his shoulders, continued in a deep voice, “You didn’t summon a
projection from the Historical Void in advance because you know that
Shadow can summon the projection of the Staff of the Stars and simulate
the powers of the Angel of Time; it will accelerate the flow of time to
disperse your angel helpers.
“Similarly, he didn’t make any preparations because of the same reason.
“And if you summon a saint that can last longer, he can do the same. Both
of you offset each other.”
“I hate playing cards with myself!” Klein nodded heavily, expressing his
agreement and laughed out loud.
Enuni, whose face was blurry, glanced at him and the three demigods of the
City of Silver.
“Therefore, you turned the Silver Knight guarding the door into your
marionette, planning on using it as a chip to tip the balance.”
“This problem is his, not mine. He actually doesn’t have a target to turn into
a marionette. Or perhaps, why don’t you sacrifice yourself?” The corners of
Klein’s mouth curled up as he said to his former marionette, Enuni.
Enuni retracted his gaze and turned to examine Colin Iliad, Derrick, and
Lovia.
“You and Shadow cancel each other out. The prerequisite for using a
marionette to win is that they can hold me back.”
Just as he said that, the two shoulders of the marionette that had been
corrupted by the power of the sleeping Dark Angel squirmed as a head grew
out of each.
The three heads were covered in shadows and had black curly hair that
reached his shoulders. However, they gave people the feeling that one was
young and the other old.
Before Klein and the demigods could react, Enuni’s right body suddenly
tore apart, causing the “aged” head to take away a third of his body.
The body that split apart rapidly squirmed and instantly became complete.
On the shadow over the head’s surface, a pair of eyes protruded with
vertical, pale-golden pupils.
Suddenly, the magnificent staircase leading to the ancient god’s residence
collapsed, turning into a desolate moor. At the end of the moor was a pitch-
black city overgrown with weeds.
City of Silver!
Derrick’s heart tightened upon seeing such a realistic scene. He was worried
that the unknown enemy would drag him and the other demigods to the City
of Silver and destroy it. As for Lovia, her gaze froze as her body trembled
when Enuni grew two heads. It was as if she could sense the aura of an
absolute high-leveled entity.
Colin Iliad surveyed his surroundings and crossed his two swords that were
covered in the light of dawn before pushing them out. He said in a deep
voice, “This is fake.”
At this moment, Klein covered his mouth with his left hand that was made
of transparent maggots. He yawned and asked Enuni’s main body with a
smile, “Will you be stronger in dreams?
“Or can you cross the boundary and launch an attack?
“Yes, if it were me, I would definitely consider using a dream to lure the
enemy into entering my attack range.”
The moment he said that, the desolate moor and the distant castle dissipated
at the same time. The magnificent staircase, which was illuminated by the
light of dawn, appeared once again.
At this moment, the left side of Enuni’s body tore away. The “young” head
had taken away a third of his flesh.
The shadow covering “his” face was quickly replaced by a resplendent
golden light. It was as if there were two miniature “suns” in his eyes.
“The Sun?” Klein first voiced out a question before laughing so hard that he
couldn’t straighten his back. “Haha, you want to use the ‘Unshadowed
Domain’ to break through the Silver Knight’s ‘Light Concealment’? Yes, we
have three Silver Knights on our side. That is worthy of your attention, but
have you considered the feelings of Shadow? You don’t, you only think of
yourself! He’s only a shadow, so have you considered how weakened he
would be in the ‘Unshadowed Domain’?”
At this point, Klein laughed even louder. Even the transparent Worms of
Spirit crawling on his left face sped up their movements.
“Hahahaha, also, have you thought about the Beyonder powers of
Corruption, Degeneration, and Darkness? Have you seriously considered
the negative effects that the ‘Unshadowed Domain’ will bring you?”
After laughing, Klein straightened his back and asked seriously, “How
should I address you now?
“En’en? U’u? Ni’ni?”
Enuni, whose main body was still covered in shadows, slowly took a deep
breath and said, “If you had chosen the Hunter pathway, you would
definitely be stronger than you are now…”
Before he could finish his sentence, the layers of black wings on his back
suddenly spread out. They kept expanding, covering the sky and wrapped
towards the magnificent staircase.
Faint shadows immediately covered the area. Then, Enuni directly crossed
the invisible boundary and descended in front of Colin Iliad, Lovia, and
Derrick.
He actually had the means to break through the obstruction!
The young him, who had split off as the Sun Saint, immediately raised his
arms.
The light of dawn turned blazing hot, illuminating every corner of the
magnificent staircase, leaving no shadows. Nothing could hide within.
Unshadowed Domain!
However, the shadows around him didn’t fade. The dark wings that
enveloped Enuni’s body blocked out pure sunlight.
As for Shadow, it seemed to be covered in a cloak. Although it was much
dimmer, it didn’t show any signs of weakness.
At the same time, Enuni’s split-off aged body pushed out his right palm.
A violent but illusory gust of wind appeared around him, carrying with it an
invisible, multi-colored intent that gushed towards Klein and his Silver
Knight marionette.
Mind Deprivation!
It could awe the target, make him feel fear, show signs of frenzy, or lose a
portion of his rationality.
And now, because Klein’s spirit was incomplete, he was on the brink of
losing control. He couldn’t even control his emotions and reactions very
well. If he were to suffer the effects of Mind Deprivation, there was a high
chance that he would lose control on the spot and break down into a
monster.
Enuni understood what had happened to him and understood his weakness.
The moment he launched the attack, he allowed the Spectator Saint to use
an area-of-effect attack that Klein would find difficult to defend against and
find unbearable.
The strong winds that were tainted with all kinds of emotions and will
instantly engulfed Klein. However, half of the crazy adventurer, who had
half a normal body and half a terrifying body, didn’t show any sign of
warped expressions, manifestation of godhood, or physical breakdown.
Instead, his exaggerated smiling right eye became extremely calm.
While waiting for the City of Silver’s expedition team, he had already
summoned Miss Justice and got her to make up a Virtual Persona that
stemmed from his lampooning, Clown-like character, allowing his spirit to
become complete for a certain amount of time!
This was the reason why he appeared relatively rational when he left the
guard’s residence, only to appear exaggerated and crazy when he
rendezvoused with the City of Silver’s expedition team.
Furthermore, this Virtual Persona could also withstand several attacks from
the Mind domain.
The coldness in his eyes quickly faded away. The corner of his right lip
curled up, becoming symmetrical with a curled Worm of Spirit that was
crawling on the left.
This was a sincere smile.