Chapter 544

: Expert
Klein had just sorted out his thoughts when Elland caught up with the two
and said with a smile, “We’ve found the target; the investigation is over. I’ll
bring you back to the hotel first, and I’ll bring the remuneration in two
days. Also, it’s best if you don’t go out today.”
Klein maintained Gehrman Sparrow’s character by only nodding slightly
without giving any verbal response.
On the way back to the Wind of Azure Inn, Danitz clearly had some doubts
or wistful thoughts on his mind, but due to the presence of Elland, who was
part of the military, he could only change the subject and discuss with great
interest about which pirates would end up being caught in the city’s
thorough sweep today.
To him, they weren’t friends as long as those guys didn’t belong to the
Golden Dream. They weren’t worth sympathizing with.
After entering the hotel room and watching Elland leave, he closed the door
and said while clicking his tongue, “The Book of Calamity… Ancient elven
ruins… This really is an interesting matter, but how did the elves end up
like devils? Just by casually taking their book, a casual flip through it had
caused that woman to go insane and lose control!”
What kind of image do you have of elves? Living in the mountains and seas,
specializing in cooking, creatures who enjoy nature? Heh, according to
Little Sun, the eight ancient gods before the Cataclysm were all very
tyrannical, very cruel, and very evil. Among them was the Elf King
Soniathrym, and the elves who believed in “Him” and viewed “Him” as
their king couldn’t have been any better. One can make a comparison with
the members of the Aurora Order… The Beyonder races left behind by the
Dark Epoch basically can’t be associated with the “good” alignment that
normal people have in mind… Klein replied in his mind.
Of course, he didn’t rule out the possibility that after the ancient gods’ fall,
the dragons, giants, elves, Sanguine, and other living creatures would
gradually extricate themselves from the negative effects and become more
normal. However, this was only limited to the middle and lower levels, and
it didn’t include the demigod powerhouses. And the high elf that left behind
the Book of Calamity was clearly the latter.
With a thought, Klein suddenly realized something.
Danitz understands Elvish!
He recognized the title of the ancient goatskin book as the “Book of
Calamity!”
Vice Admiral Iceberg has actually taught her crew to such an extent. Not
only does it include ancient Feysac, but she has also taught them Elvish,
which can stir up the powers of nature… Perhaps Jotun and ancient
Hermes are all part of the curriculum on the Golden Dream… They really
are a bunch of pirates with knowledge and dreams. However, Ma’am
Captain, aren’t you being a little overboard on certain subjects? Danitz is
lacking in so many other aspects… That’s right. The most important thing
for a pirate whose main job is to be a treasure hunter has to be mastering
the ancient languages… Klein ignored Danitz’s comments and looked out
the window.
The sky remained gloomy, as if a heavy rain would fall at any time. It made
one involuntarily feel suppressed.
Klein nodded slightly, feeling slightly relaxed as he thought.
Leticia has been found. Being aware of the ancient elven ruin on Symeem
Island, the Church of Storms and the kingdom’s military will likely use its
connection to the place where Kalvetua is hiding, to find the Sea God that is
becoming progressively crazier. Or they might use the ruin to speed up its
collapse.
That way, apart from the most fervent and pious Sea God believers dying,
the rest basically won’t suffer any harm…
Klein had originally thought of using the spirit world to locate Sea God
Kalvetua’s hiding spot after it died before the official Beyonders did. He
could then infiltrate it, taking the treasure with him. But even before the
plan had begun, the appearance of the Book of Calamity pushed his plan to
the verge of failure.
Phew… It’s fine. It only existed in my imagination, and it never belonged to
me. It’s fine if I don’t get it… I don’t even know what I’ll get… Letting this
matter get resolved this way is for the best… Klein withdrew his gaze from
the weather; his mood calm and relaxed. He just inevitably felt a slight
sense of loss.
That day, he and Danitz followed Elland’s advice and didn’t head out again.
They only remained in the inn.
In Bayam City, there would be the sound of gunfire and explosions from
time to time. This continued until the sky turned dark.
…
The next morning, Klein got up on time and found that there were layers of
clouds in the sky and the sky remained dark.
This meant that the confrontation between the Church of Storms Cardinal,
high-ranking deacon of the Mandated Punishers, Jahn Kottman, and Sea
God Kalvetua was still ongoing.
Klein felt pain in his stomach and prepared to head to the washroom with
the newspapers.
However, he gave up on that idea when he saw Danitz leisurely reading a
newspaper while lying in a reclining chair, munching on a piece of white
bread in his mouth.
Reading the newspaper while on a toilet doesn’t match Gehrman Sparrow’s
persona!
Although it would be boring, I mustn’t slack off on acting… Sigh, I’ve once
again found a difference in the behavior between my true self and my
disguised identity… Klein summed it up in silence and went into the
washroom.
He took off his pants and sat down on the toilet, staring almost in a daze at
the pale white wall in front of him, as if he could read words from it.
At this moment, his spiritual perception was triggered.
He hurriedly tapped his molars and activated his Spirit Vision.
Two thick, long white bones appeared in front of him. They were the
messenger’s legs.
The messenger stood there, its head passing through the ceiling, but its
black flames in its eye sockets could still be seen.
It lowered its head slightly and looked down at Klein, who was sitting on
the toilet.
Klein looked up, stunned for two seconds, his mind filled with a baffling
thought.
Should I act like a woman, hurriedly covering my nether regions, or should
I just be open and fearless?
Before he could make up his mind, the messenger dropped the letter,
disintegrated into a pile of bones, and disappeared into the floor.
It took a moment for Klein to react before he caught Mr. Azik’s reply.
This messenger is being more and more impolite! Can’t you see that I’m
using the toilet? Don’t you know to knock on the door or to squeeze it
through the crack under the door! Klein cursed in anger and amusement.
After giving it some more thought, he felt that it would be putting the
messenger in a tough spot to pass the letter through the crack in the door.
The four-meter-tall giant had to lie down in order to reach that position.
Just thinking about it is rather funny… Well, the next time I write a letter,
I’ll add a paragraph so that Mr. Azik can educate the messenger so that he
will be more polite… Klein unfurled the letter and read Azik’s reply.
“… According to the knowledge I’ve recalled, I can provide you with two
methods. The first requires certain prerequisites. If a unique item belonging
to you or someone else is located where Sea God Kalvetua is, you can use
divination to easily locate its position… The other prerequisite is that you
can enter the spirit world. I have plenty of methods for this. I’ll list the most
common three…
“The second method is to use a secret deed ritual and pray to Red Light
Aiur Moria. ‘He’ represents authority and will. At a certain level, ‘He’
grasps the relevant knowledge of the creatures in the spirit world and the
locations in the spirit world…”
So Red Light of the seven pure lights is named Aiur Moria… The principle
of a secret deed ritual is to adjust one’s state, release one’s mind and body,
and align oneself with the target of the prayer bit by bit. Finally, an
overlapping will occur, allowing one to acquire the corresponding
knowledge. And this kind of alignment and overlapping is relative. While
acquiring knowledge, my secrets will also be open to the target of the
prayer… I can’t trust Red Light… I have too many secrets… Klein’s first
reaction was to rule out the second approach.
As for the first solution, there was also the chance of failure. Klein didn’t
have any unique items located where Sea God Kalvetua hid itself.
Either I use the help of the Resistance and send something to Kalvetua, or
I’ll have to find the original owner of an item sacrificed to Sea God from its
believer. Furthermore, it has to be unique… Send something to Kalvetua…
As he thought, Klein suddenly had an idea.
He braced himself and considered it over and over again, thinking that there
was a certain probability of success.
After finishing his deed in the washroom, Klein washed his hands, took
four steps counterclockwise, and went above the gray fog. He planned on
attempting divination and received a revelation that there was danger, but it
was manageable as long as it was handled properly.
With all of this done, he returned to the living room and walked towards the
reclining chair.
Danitz immediately sat up and said with a dry laugh, “Is there
something…?”
“Do you know the words to the prayer relating to the Sea God?” Klein
asked with an unperturbed tone.
Danitz spread out his hands and suddenly hissed.
“Dogshit…” He softly cursed his injured arm and switched to smiling.
“Yes. I’ve seen a few members of the Resistance hold rituals. Uh… The
details are: ‘Adorer of the sea and spirit world, guardian of the Rorsted
Archipelago, ruler of the undersea creatures, master of tsunamis and storms,
the great Kalvetua.’ By the way, the two instances that it was effective were
recited in Elvish.”
Adorer of the sea and spirit world… Its bearing is very low… It’s not the
same as my honorific name… That’s true. I created it by copying it from the
seven true gods… Klein nodded gently and said, “Do you know where there
are empty warehouses and abandoned houses?”
“Of course! Every great pirate knows a few,” Danitz replied without
hesitation.
Klein turned around and walked towards the coat rack.
“Take me there.”
To do what? Although Danitz was puzzled, he didn’t dare ask.
…
In the dock area, in a dirty and dilapidated warehouse.
Danitz watched Gehrman Sparrow take out three candles and several metal
bottles. Unable to hold back his curiosity any longer, he asked, “W-what are
you planning on doing?”
Klein didn’t look back and replied very calmly, “Sacrifice.”
“To whom?” Danitz pressed with interest.
Klein set up the altar, took out an iron cigar case and calmly said,
“Kalvetua.”
His plan was to give something directly to Sea God Kalvetua!
As long as Kalvetua accepted it, he could use divination and other methods
to find its hiding place!
As for whether or not Kalvetua would accept it, he had certainly considered
it, believing that it was a definite possibility. As Kalvetua was currently on
the verge of death, it was in a state of extreme madness, with little sense of
reason. It acted on instinct alone, and it might have a strong desire for the
aura of the gray fog.
Therefore, Klein was prepared to sacrifice an iron cigar case that was often
placed above the gray fog. He wanted to see if Kalvetua would accept it or
not, and if he didn’t, he wouldn’t suffer any losses. He could then pretend as
though nothing had happened.
Sacrifice to Sea God Kalvetua? At that moment, Danitz found his brain
lacking. He couldn’t comprehend what was on Gehrman Sparrow’s mind.
“Are you crazy? How could it accept your sacrifice? Even if it’s accepted,
what would be the point? It’s dying! And it’s very dangerous!” Danitz
blurted out.
Immediately, he added inwardly, No, Gehrman Sparrow isn’t crazy, because
he has always been crazy…
Klein glanced at him and simply said, “In this domain, I’m an expert.”
When it comes to sacrificial rituals, I’m an expert! Klein wasn’t modest
about this.