Chapter 419

: Wishing
Polymath… This Sequence sounds strong just from its name… The Reader
pathway’s Sequence 7 is called Knowledge Keeper or Detective. It’s a “job”
that leans towards grasping knowledge and deduction. At most, it would be
accompanied by decent combat techniques and the ability to use machinery,
so it cannot be considered powerful. But at Sequence 6, there seems to be a
sudden qualitative change, especially more so in the field of Beyonder
combat… From the looks of it, each Beyonder pathway has its own critical
point below the High Sequences, but it isn’t fixed at a particular Sequence.
For example, the Seer pathway’s critical point is Magician… Klein drank a
mouthful of hot coffee and didn’t try probing on the secrets to other
Sequences. Instead, he smiled and said, “Mr. Stanton, you seem to be quite
relaxed. You’re not nervous or worried at all.”
Isengard didn’t answer immediately. He put down his knife and fork, took
out his pipe, and said, “You don’t mind, right?”
Actually, I do, but the pollution and smog in Backlund is already so bad that
a few more puffs of secondhand smoke won’t make it any worse… Klein
shook his head and smiled.
“This aids in your thinking?”
“More accurately, it’s a habit that I have after breakfast every day.” Done
with his pipe, Isengard took a deep drag.
As the smoke was exhaled, he sighed and said, “Fear, nervousness, and
worry doesn’t help us face the threat. In that case, why not take it a little
easier? The brain will become more active because of this. My assistant
easily got worried which led to his fatal disaster. Sigh…”
Isengard glanced at Kaslana and continued, “Furthermore, our opponent is a
Desire Apostle. We have to refrain from having intense emotions.”
Having said that, he chuckled.
“Most importantly, we have no other means of locating the Desire Apostle.”
“What do we do?” Kaslana put down the last piece of bacon and asked
seriously.
Isengard took a drag and said in a self-deprecating manner, “When
discussing topics like this, I prefer reclining chairs.
“Apart from being able to sense danger, Devils aren’t good at divination or
premonition. Therefore, if a Desire Apostle wishes to figure out the main
revenge target, he would need to actively investigate and gather
information. Otherwise, how would he know which group of private
detectives had made considerable contributions to the serial murder? How
was he able to precisely pinpoint you and me?
“In such a process, he definitely would’ve interacted with many people.
Even in a disguise, he’s bound to leave some clues. In addition to the rough
image given by the Machinery Hivemind, this will form clues.
“Similarly, if he wants to attack me, then he has to find out where I live,
what are my entry and exit patterns, as well as when I work or rest. He also
needs to know if there are powerful official Beyonders protecting me. This
requires a considerable observation period and corresponding inquiries, and
similarly, this means interacting with others and certain locations. Heh heh,
once there’s an interaction, there will be clues.
“I like the maxim: wherever he steps, whatever he touches, whatever he
leaves, even unconsciously, will serve as a silent witness against him.”
I know that sentence. It was said by Emperor Roselle… Klein smiled.
Soon after, he felt a little despondent, because this was the second time he
heard someone mention this maxim in this world.
The last time it happened was when he was in Tingen.
Kaslana, whose cheeks were drooping, sighed.
“As expected of a great detective. I never thought about such things. I
admire your observation and reasoning skills.”
Isengard responded with a smile, “Everyone has their own areas of
expertise. If it’s just fighting, then I would be defeated by you again and
again.
“Sherlock must’ve also thought of the things I just said. He also has
outstanding observation and reasoning skills, and he’s an outstanding
detective.”
Actually, I felt a little ashamed when you were speaking so confidently
earlier…Klein squeezed out a smile.
“No, you’re a true detective, and I’m still a long way off.”
“You really are a modest young man.” Isengard sighed.
He smiled and said, “Next up, we’ll proceed by taking these points in mind.
You’ll have to use your own resources and information channels.”
Aside from the Tarot Club, a third of my resources and information
channels in Backlund are from you, my good old man… Klein forced a
smile and replied, “Alright.”
Apart from the Beyonder gathering held by Eye of Wisdom, the only people
he could seek help from were Maric, Miss Sharron, Vampire Emlyn White,
and Father Utravsky.
With the Machinery Hivemind secretly protecting me, I’ll have to eliminate
Miss Sharron and Maric… I can visit Emlyn the vampire as he’s now a
half-believer of Mother Earth, and is under the protection of Bishop
Utravsky. He wouldn’t encounter any danger from the official Beyonders…
Klein instantly decided on the direction to take.
Kaslana remained silent for a few seconds before replying, “No problem.”
Klein wiped the remaining cream onto the last bit of toast, chewed, and
swallowed it at a leisurely pace before asking, “Mr. Stanton, you previously
mentioned the activation of a particular Sealed Artifact. Will it be able to
help us deal with the Desire Apostle?”
“Yes, it played a critical role in finding and surrounding the Devil dog back
then,” Isengard replied frankly. “Its code name is 1-42.”
1-42? A Grade 1 Sealed Artifact is highly dangerous and can only be used
in limited ways. Even the Backlund diocese can only keep one or two
items… A corresponding description flashed across Klein’s mind, and he
asked with great interest, “What is it? What abilities and negative effects
does it have?”
Isengard laughed and said, “That is a secret of the Church of the Evernight
Goddess. I do not know, and I only know that it was originally not in
Backlund. It was rushed here as an emergency because of the serial
murders.
“It is said that it’s a full-body armor which is silver in color with dark-red
blood stains. It once caused the destruction of a small city, and over a
hundred thousand people died because of it.”
“Cursed armor?” Klein asked in return by giving it a name.
Isengard spewed a mouthful of smoke and shook his head in seriousness.
“Perhaps it isn’t cursed. Some people call it ‘Berserker’s Armor’ or
‘Bloodthirster’s Armor.’ My Church once guessed that the blood it’s stained
with comes from a deity from ancient times.
“When it was first discovered, it appeared to be nothing out of the ordinary.
It was treated as a simple antique, sold and collected by others.
“But as time passed, those who came into contact with it died, one after
another. It was an extremely terrifying death, nearly to the point of
dismemberment, and after that, with it as the center, death spread outwards.
There was no longer any need for contact, and as such, a small city was
destroyed.
“This happened early in the Fifth Epoch. The Nighthawks were responsible
for the aftermath.”
As expected of a Beyonder from the Church of the God of Knowledge and
Wisdom. He knows enough history and Beyonder events… Klein secretly
praised.
Kaslana asked, sounding a little worried, “Will it bring us danger?”
“The Church of the Evernight Goddess definitely found the right way of
sealing it, but for us, it’s best if we avoid contact as much as possible,”
Isengard said, half as consolement and half as a warning.
After breakfast, he and Klein went into the activity room where the fight
had taken place. Kaslana first headed to the bathroom.
Looking at her back, Klein thoughtfully said, “She seems to be a Beyonder
from the Arbiter pathway?”
“Your observation skills are indeed outstanding.” Isengard sat down in the
reclining chair.
As Klein walked to the sofa, he whispered in confusion, “This pathway is
strictly controlled by the royal family, the military, and the ancient nobles.
Very few formulas and ingredients appear in the outside world. Kaslana has
such a background?”
Isengard smiled and said, “Quite obviously.
“However, even to this point, she hasn’t taken the initiative to mention the
relevant matters. This implies that there really is a reason that makes it
somewhat inconvenient for her to mention it.”
He looked at Klein with a smile in his eyes, as if to say: “aren’t you the
same as well?”
Klein laughed dryly and sat down.
After a while, Kaslana came to the activity room and continued discussing
the matter regarding the Desire Apostle with Klein and Isengard.
As she was speaking, her expression suddenly became gloomy and she
sighed.
“I was pulled into the most dangerous case this time. I have no idea if I’ll
survive this at the end. I-if I were to be killed by the Desire Apostle, I wish
to have this on my tombstone: ‘She had a great mother.'”
Kaslana’s voice gradually lowered as her difficult-to-get-along-with
personality seemed to soften.
Isengard shared the same sentiments and nodded.
“Similarly, he’s the most dangerous enemy I’ve encountered.”
He then laughed and said, “If I die because of this, and both of you are still
alive, would you be willing to help me deliver my remains to the Holy
Temple of Knowledge in Lenburg?”
… Stop raising death flags! Klein’s mouth was half open, and he didn’t
know how to stop the two detectives in front of him.
“No problem, but I hope this day will never come.” He tried his best to
dispel the thought.
Isengard glanced at him and asked curiously, “Sherlock, what about you? If
you were killed by the Desire Apostle, what wish do you have that you hope
others can fulfill for you?”
… Revive me! Klein sighed and said, “I hope that I can be buried in a
cemetery with good scenery. It’s best if my corpse is intact and is sprinkled
with holy water and fresh flowers…”
The core meaning of his words was: Do not cremate me!
The three of them fell silent for a while until they heard the tinkling sound
of the doorbell.
The visitor was the deacon named Ikanser Bernard from the Machinery
Hivemind. His hair was stubbornly squeezing out from the brim of his hat,
giving his deep, masculine outline an indescribably messy feeling.
This time, he wasn’t holding the silver mirror named Arrodes. It was
unknown where he had put it.
If I have a chance, I wouldn’t mind using that magic mirror to see how my
loyal and humble servant would react… Klein thought.
Ikanser didn’t enter. He stood there, looking at the detective trio. He then
quickly said in a deep voice, “There’s a clue to the Desire Apostle!”