Chapter 693

: Attempt
After putting down the fountain pen in his hand, Klein removed the spirit
pendulum from his left wrist, holding it in one hand and letting it hang
down over the paper in close proximity.
“Edwina is in the story of this book,” Klein closed his eyes and silently
repeated the divination statement.
After he recited the statement, he opened his eyes and saw the topaz
pendant spinning clockwise.
This meant that Vice Admiral Iceberg Edwina was inside Groselle’s
Travels!
It really is a world inside a book… Furthermore, the situation inside is very
special. Without new characters, the story isn’t able to continue… Klein
indiscernibly nodded. Wounding the silver chain and the topaz pendant
around his wrist again, he picked up a dark red fountain pen and wrote a
new divination statement: “The method to entering Groselle’s Travels.”
This time, he used dream divination. In the gray, hazy world, he saw
indistinct figures.
The figures were of varying sizes, some huge, others slender. The thing all
of them had in common was that they held a book with pages of yellowish-
brown goatskin.
The following developments branched off into two scenarios. A number of
them vanished silently with Groselle’s Travels on them. The others would
accidentally or deliberately drip their blood on the cover while carrying
Groselle’s Travels with them before suddenly vanishing!
The scene shattered and Klein opened his eyes to see the mottled table in
front of him. He frowned as he made an interpretation.
To enter or activate Groselle’s Travels, it either needs prolonged contact
with it to a certain extent, or you would need to drip one’s blood onto the
cover?
Isn’t that too simple? Perhaps… it’s really that simple. In the story, the
Loen soldier’s first appearance was as an ordinary person who didn’t know
mysticism. With the help of his companions, he slowly became a
Disciplinary Paladin… Therefore, the activation method isn’t too
complicated. An ordinary person is able to accomplish it.
A small number of researchers before this, including Vice Admiral Iceberg
Edwina, were Beyonders with sufficient amounts of mysticism knowledge.
They knew not to rashly drip their blood; otherwise, death might occur
without them even knowing it. This is akin to ordinary people using the
correct form of magic mirror divination. It’s very easy to provoke a
powerful existence or secret existence. It’s why no problems happened to
them…
Furthermore, Edwina keeps Groselle’s Travels in the collector’s room most
of the time and only interacts with it occasionally. As such, it was only
when she recently had a new research concept that she had prolonged
contact with it, completing the condition required to activate the book?
Yes, even Arrodes only knew that there’s something strange with the book.
Many of the past owners had vanished, and it’s suspected to have something
to do with the dragons and City of Miracles, Liveseyd. This means that
Groselle’s Travels will interfere with its surroundings when being activated;
therefore, most of the collectors in the past do not know of its problem and
had no thoughts of studying it.
The owners who disappeared likely aren’t limited to the ones in the story.
The others might’ve died for all kinds of reasons, failing to leave their
names in the book.
Klein focused again and made another divination, hoping to obtain the
method to leave Groselle’s Travels.
This time, he saw a more tempestuous blizzard in the gray, hazy
dreamscape. He saw a gigantic figure at the top of an ice peak.
It was a translucent dragon who remained nearly five meters tall while
standing on all fours. It resembled a lizard’s cousin and had an ugly face
with eerie blue eyes. It had a thick, powerful tail and a pair of gigantic
wings covered in a skin membrane on its back. It seemed to blot out the sky
simply by spreading its wings.
Its scales resembled ice crystals as they swirled with a crystalline glow. It
was the most beautiful and dreamy part of its entire body.
Suddenly, the dragon which resembled an ice sculpture raised its neck and
body, and it let out a terrifying roar that penetrated through the blizzard.
At that moment, it reached ten meters tall by standing up on its hind legs.
King of the North… That frost dragon… Klein left the dream and tapped
the armrest of the high-back chair.
His interpretation of the divination revelation was that the key to leaving
Groselle’s Travels lay with the King of the North!
Klein’s initial guess was that only by helping the main lead, Groselle,
accomplish his goal—slaying the frost dragon—would the story come to a
complete “end,” opening a passageway to exit the book.
However, I can also attempt to see if I can forcibly break open the barrier
between the world in the book and the real world… Klein relied on his rich
experience to quickly come up with an attempt.
He first picked up the Black Emperor card which was facing down, and he
infused it into his Spirit Body.
Suddenly, Klein’s body was covered in black full-body armor. On his head
was a heavy crown as his aura became majestic and dignified. It exuded an
awe-inspiring vibe.
Following that, he stirred the powers of the mysterious space above the gray
fog to the limit, making them surge over like a tidal wave.
Upon seeing this scene, Klein didn’t hesitate to summon the Sea God
Scepter from the junk pile before he infused his spirituality within.
The blue gems on the end of the bone scepter lit up one after another,
emitting a blinding luster.
Countless silver bolts of lightning surfaced as they zapped about the grand
palace as though they were forming a sea of lightning.
Finally, Klein used the suppressive power and balance from the Black
Emperor’s loftiness to infuse the stirred powers into the Lightning Storm.
Rumble!
Thunder resonated above the gray fog and into the distance as thick bolts of
lightning smote down, striking Groselle’s Travels.
Blinding light enveloped the entire palace for a full twenty seconds.
After everything was over, Klein looked at the target again and discovered
the mottled table was in shambles. As for the dark-brown leather book, it
was completely unharmed. Only its ends curled up a little.
It’s far more impressive than I imagined… That’s right, how can an item
which can create a whole new book world be simple… Heh, I wouldn’t
have made a loss buying it for 8,000 pounds back then. It can be used as a
shield. It can definitely defend against attacks from Saints. The only
problem is its tiny size. It won’t be able to shield much… Klein’s thoughts
raced as the bronze table was quickly restored to normal.
Since there was no way to forcibly tear open the barrier between the world
inside the book and the real world, he could only consider how to enter it
according to the normal procedures.
Get some blood, bring it up here and smear it across the cover, and then
enter as a Spirit Body with the Blood Emperor card and Sea God Scepter?
This way, I don’t have to worry about encountering King of the Five Seas,
Nast, as there’s no way he can sense it. He won’t be able to enter the world
inside the book either. But the problem lies in the fact that rescuing Vice
Admiral Iceberg this way will allow her to determine that Gehrman
Sparrow is Hero Bandit Black Emperor.
Yes, there’s a more important problem. Entering with a Spirit Body means
that the body is still in the outside world—the captain’s cabin of the Golden
Dream. I have no idea how time flows in the world inside the book. It might
easily be a few days. That way, my body might meet with an accident since
it lacks protection. I’m in unfamiliar territory as well. When the time
comes, I might rescue Edwina, but I would find “myself” gone. That would
be fun. Klein quickly rejected the idea of entering as a Spirit Body.
He didn’t trust most of the people on the Golden Dream, and he also felt
wary of the Strongest Hunter, Anderson.
His attempt to divine if it was dangerous to enter the book to rescue Edwina
was met with failure. Klein thought deeply for a moment before returning to
the real world. Then, he unhurriedly brought back Groselle’s Travels and
removed the traces of the ritual.
Looking out the window at the impending dusk, he walked to the captain’s
cabin’s door, unlocked the door, and opened it.
Gourmet Bru Walls, Singer Orpheus, and company were all outside. None
of them had left. There were even sailors who peeked their heads out from
the staircase.
“Any clues?” Bru Walls blurted out his question, but he didn’t hear his
voice because everyone at the door was asking the same question.
Klein swept his gaze and nodded.
Instantly, he heard sighs of relief, then he saw all kinds of happy and
excited expressions.
If I were to vanish one day, who would act like that… Klein focused his
thoughts and said to Danitz, “I need an assistant.”
With that said, he turned to walk to the desk.
“Alright!” Danitz hurriedly followed and familiarly locked the door.
“Is there anything you need of me?” he hurriedly asked. He looked as
though he could already see his captain being rescued through his hard
work.
Klein stood by the desk and solemnly said, “What happens next will be
very dangerous.”
“Very dangerous?” Danitz instinctively gritted his teeth.
“You might vanish or even die immediately.” Klein told him the worst
possible outcome.
Seeing how serious the madman, Gehrman Sparrow, was, Danitz instantly
understood the gravity of the situation. His heart sank as he subconsciously
became frantic.
“W-what does this have to do with rescuing Captain?”
“It’s directly related,” Klein answered succinctly.
Danitz’s expression twisted as he fell silent for two seconds.
“What will happen if nothing is done?”
“Your captain might be left there forever, or she might die in the next
second,” Klein said truthfully.
Danitz turned agape as he closed his mouth in silence.
His eyes turned adrift for a few seconds before they focused back on
Gehrman Sparrow’s face. Gritting his teeth, he said, “Let’s begin.”
“Dogsh*t!” he softly cursed himself.
Klein picked up the pen and paper on the table, scribbled a note, and folded
it into a square before handing it to Danitz.
“Put it into your pocket. Read it after you enter.”
“Enter?” Danitz asked, puzzled and clueless.
As he spoke, he automatically took the paper slip and stuffed it into his
trouser pocket.
Klein didn’t reply as he pointed at Groselle’s Travels.
“Smear some of your blood on the book’s cover.”
This… As Danitz made a vague guess, he picked up the bronze dagger
beside him and nodded heavily.
“Alright!”