Chapter 729

: Chaos
The entire forest was withering as though an entity that was bringing about
destruction to everything was about to descend.
Just as the arm was about to fully extend, a thick bolt of silver lightning
smote down from nowhere, illuminating the entire mountain. The sizzling
sounds chained together as a cage only spoken in myths enclosed around
the black sticky arm.
Dark clouds quickly converged together in the sky, forming brows and a
mouth, as though a face was hidden within!
In Bayam City, the huge commotion was noticed by Sea King Jahn
Kottman. He didn’t hesitate to take action as he ordered the Mandated
Punishers to activate the corresponding Sealed Artifacts.
Reinette Tinekerr’s figure was forced out of the void, but her complicated
black dress didn’t seem crumpled at all.
She raised her left hand as two of the blonde, red-eyed heads flew back and
landed on her severed neck. The remaining two continued engaging in
combat with the black, swollen, and wrinkled infant.
When the cut at her neck began to wriggle, two corresponding cuts were
connected. Her figure instantly burgeoned to the size of a gothic castle.
Patterns, vines, and accessories appeared on the surface, interweaving into a
mysterious, sinister sight that couldn’t be looked at.
Klein closed his eyes tight as he placed Groselle’s Travels in front of his
face, injecting his spirituality into it, but he was unable to eliminate all the
effects inflicted upon him. His body kept quivering as granules kept
protruding from his body.
And only at this moment did he confirm that the side effect of using Death
Knell was a fear of the dark.
For the next six hours, he wouldn’t suffer any more weaknesses.
Thankfully, the weakness is just insurmountable, but it doesn’t mean that
I’m unable to resist for a short period of time… Klein desperately closed his
eyes as tears kept rolling down his cheeks.
He didn’t spend time considering the problems regarding this, because the
situation had developed into one of extreme danger, but it was also very
chaotic.
The one that descended seems to be stronger than Sea King. It’s likely an
angel, but “His” condition doesn’t seem to be particularly good as well.
“He” didn’t directly appear, and he instead used the spirit world to attack…
Is it because “He” can’t rush here in time and could only consider using
this method? Thankfully, I received a warning from Orange Light;
otherwise, the results would be unthinkable if this situation drags on! As
Klein’s thoughts flashed through his mind, his first reaction was to take the
opportunity to flee and open up a safe distance.
However, he knew that hastily retreating without any preparations was
equally dangerous.
If the Rose School of Thought’s angel abandons the attack and retracts
“His” arm, Sea King Jahn Kottman wouldn’t have any motivation in
embroiling himself in a pursuit effort. This is because he isn’t facing a saint
who he can consider retaining. This way, simply relying on Miss Messenger,
Reinette Tinekerr, makes it difficult to stop this entity. I might be pursued
again when the time comes! I have to add more trouble for “Him,” making
“Him” temporarily unable to leave. I’ll take this opportunity to escape the
waters where Blue Mountain Island is! As his thoughts churned, Klein
followed his emergency plans, took out Groselle’s Travels, stuffed Death
Knell inside, and made a few rolls before arriving next to the iron cigar
case.
He stabbed it with his finger, removing the wall of spirituality and opening
the case, and he threw Tinder, which was corrupted by the True Creator,
into the air, towards the source of the danger!
Right on the heels of that, Klein used Groselle’s Travels to shield the top of
his head, opened his eyes, and took out a whistle.
This wasn’t Azik’s copper whistle, but the Numinous Episcopate copper
whistle which he had obtained from a mysticism enthusiast in Backlund. It
originated from a resurrected Numinous Episcopate member.
Back then, Klein had made a divination about the copper whistle, and he
received a revelation that sending a message would be extremely
dangerous!
At that moment, he decided to allow “extreme danger” to meet “extreme
danger,” so as to create an even more chaotic situation that benefited him!
He quickly put the copper whistle to his mouth and blew into it. Then, he
activated his Spirit Vision without daring to look up. A skull with three
lifeless eyes emerged. Around it were black appendage-like tentacles.
Without any hesitation, Klein handed over a white feather left behind by the
resurrected Numinous Episcopate member to the messenger.
He didn’t wait for the messenger to disappear as he immediately bulged his
muscles, swung his arm, and threw the copper whistle into the air where the
source of danger was.
With that done, he put away the iron cigar case, did another roll, and
bounced up as he rushed straight for the cliff. During this process, he kept
his head down and kept changing location. He didn’t dare to look at the
scene happening above him, nor did he dare to stay any longer.
When he passed by the spot where Admiral of Blood Senor should’ve been
lying unconscious, Klein’s gaze suddenly froze. He was alarmed to find that
he had vanished!
In that chaotic situation without any aid, this Wraith, who had suffered
immense damage and was unable to maintain his Spirit Body state, had
vanished!
Klein paused as he swept his gaze. He saw that ahead of him were a few
drops of splattered dark red blood that coruscated with a dark-green tint.
And this region was where Groselle’s Travels had previously dropped!
No way… A few drops of Admiral of Blood’s blood dropped onto the book’s
cover? This sucked him in? Klein frowned, as he didn’t think it was a good
thing.
He was afraid that the angel and saint that the Mother Tree of Desire had
sent was able to gain the help of Admiral of Blood from within Groselle’s
Travels to pursue him!
However, it was impossible for him to abandon the book. Without it, Klein
didn’t believe that he was lucky enough to dodge all the stray blasts and
unknown shrapnel which could fall from the sky at any moment.
… I’ll resolve this latent risk by entering with my Spirit Body after I escape!
As a few thoughts rose up in his mind, Klein dipped the tip of his foot down
as he ran, lifting up the soil which had Senor’s blood on it, reached out, and
grabbed a handful.
This was used to locate Admiral of Blood later!
Tap! Tap! Tap!
Klein ran in a meandering manner, holding Groselle’s Travels over his
head, making adjustments from time to time based on his premonition for
danger.
The book blocked the random bolts of lightning or the scattering rain of
corroding rock, and it shielded him from a terrifying gaze that was cast
over. With the book, Klein successfully tore out of the lifeless forest and
came to the edge of a cliff.
At this moment, the surroundings turned dark. It wasn’t the kind of
darkness before a storm, nor was it a result of a moonless or starless night.
It was a dead silence that emanated the smell of rot.
Ravings sounded out from varying distances and at varying pitches, as
though something seemed to be slowly breathing in the air.
Klein, who was afraid of the dark, trembled. He didn’t dare to look at what
was happening above him. All he noticed was a few white feathers stained
with yellowish oil spiraling down to the ground nearby when there was a
flash of lightning.
His right foot took a stride forward as he jumped off the cliff and
plummeted straight down. He fell out of the darkness and could see light.
Then, he dropped into a mouth that had been waiting for him for a long
time.
The mouth didn’t have any teeth as it immediately closed and sank to the
bottom of the sea. According to the agreement they had made previously, it
was to head for a reef beyond Blue Mountain Island as quickly as possible.
This was a gigantic undersea creature with sixteen fins on its back.
In the darkness, Klein instinctively wished to huddle into a ball and
helplessly tremble, but he barely repressed his emotions and took out a
Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic he had prepared to deal with
Wraiths.
He had obtained it through the glove.
Pure light emanated from the translucent stone-like object as it drove away
Klein’s fear.
He was just about to contemplate if he should wait for the outcome, or if he
should attempt something, when he suddenly felt the back of his palm
become itchy.
He hurriedly looked down and saw his pores widen as they grew some fine
white hair.
These fine hair rapidly grew and looked like feathers!
Klein immediately felt his entire body itch!
The fellow that was attracted by the copper whistle is really very
dangerous! Klein was rather experienced. He immediately stood up and
took four steps counterclockwise while chanting the incantation in the
undersea creature’s mouth.
His Spirit Body once again tore through the grayish-white which had
endless ravings and roars as blackish-green gases drilled out of his body.
Returning to the palace that looked like a giant’s residence, Klein observed
his Spirit Body once again, and he discovered that it had returned to normal.
There weren’t any of the blackish-green gases, nor were there any white
feathers.
Phew, it’s effective… He exhaled and immediately returned to the real
world.
With the illumination from the Priest of Light Beyonder characteristic,
Klein saw that the white feathers on the back of his hands remained, but
they had lost the ability to continue growing. There were more or less some
signs in other parts of his body, but they weren’t obvious.
Yes, I should be able to resolve the remaining problems once Mr. Azik
arrives. Klein heaved a sigh of relief and drew the crimson moon on his
chest. He prayed for the Goddess’s blessing, and that Mr. Azik would arrive
quickly.
At this moment, Reinette Tinekerr’s figure appeared before him.
Miss Messenger had three heads growing on her head while she held one in
her hand. Compared to before, she appeared more lively.
She reached out with her left palm and grabbed Klein’s shoulder, and she
directly brought him into the spirit world as they quickly traveled through
it.
Amidst brightly stacked colors, Klein felt somewhat dizzy before he
returned to reality and realized that he was on a reef.
Reinette Tinekerr’s four heads swept the area and said, “Already…”
“Safe…” “Remember…” “To pay…” “Next time…”
With that said, she vanished as though she had something more important to
do.
You could do that… I should’ve just gotten Miss Messenger to bring me
away using such a method… However, her present state doesn’t seem to be
that great either. This must be a state and method she seldom uses… As
Klein reflected over the matter, he placed the Priest of Light Beyonder
characteristic into his pocket, and he kept Groselle’s Travels outside.
Just as he was about to size up his surroundings to figure out where he was,
another arm reached out and grabbed his shoulder.
Klein jumped in fright as he hurriedly turned his head, only to discover that
Mr. Azik had arrived.
Azik grabbed his shoulder and pulled him into the spirit world once again.
They rapidly moved through the brightly stacked colors.
… Actually, I’m already safe… The corners of Klein’s mouth twitched, but
he didn’t say those words.