Chapter 519

: Naming
The golden liquid was cool and refreshing, making Audrey feel as if she
was enjoying a delicious ice cream. She then took a sip of champagne. Tiny
bubbles of air continuously rose, silently bursting as they brought a tingling
sensation with them.
Suddenly, her sense of hearing reached out, and she could hear the
conversation of the two maids at the end of the corridor as they lamented at
how they had no chance of going to the Hall family’s castle and manor in
East Chester County.
At this moment, Audrey felt as if she had dissolved into an illusory gas and
was rapidly expanding. It filled the entire room, overlapping with a sea
formed from everyone’s sea of consciousness.
Her vision also changed. Everything she saw was abnormally smooth,
turning into a mirror that reflected her current appearance.
Possessing a beauty described by pure, exquisite, grand, and witty, golden
scales that were slowly growing out of her exposed skin, her emerald-green
irises contracted and were dyed in a faint golden color, as if they had turned
vertical.
Audrey suddenly felt fear from the bottom of her heart when she saw
herself like this. She didn’t want or wish to become an inhuman monster!
With a hum, her mind began to turn into a blur, as if something was slowly
and painfully drilling out from the surface of her body.
Just then, she heard the gentle voice of her huge golden retriever, Susie.
“Don’t be afraid, calm down.
“Don’t be afraid, calm down.”
Audrey recovered her thoughts and tried to get herself into a Spectator state.
Her undulating emotions quickly calmed down, and her spirit seemed to
leave her body. She then looked down at herself like a Spectator.
Audrey saw the golden scales on the surface of her body visibly recede and
her emerald-like eyes return to normal.
It didn’t take her long to regain control of her body and understand what
Beyonder powers were available to a Psychiatrist and how they were used.
I-it was so dangerous just now… Audrey raised her hand in fear. Her skin
was fair and delicate, completely unlike the abnormal condition she had
been in a moment ago.
After this incident, she truly understood how terrifying the danger of losing
control which Mr. Fool would occasionally bring up was. She gained a deep
understanding of how difficult it was to go down the Beyonder path.
Even with the acting method, it was impossible to completely remove the
latent risks!
At one gathering, Mr. World said that Beyonders are a bunch of miserable
wretches that are constantly fighting against threats and madness…
Previously, I could only understand it literally. Now, I can finally feel the
weight behind this sentence… Audrey, don’t be discouraged, don’t be afraid.
Father, Mother, and Brother are still waiting for your protection. With this
experience, you won’t be frightened by yourself in the future or so easily
lose control. You can do it! Audrey clenched her fists and encouraged
herself.
She calmed down for two seconds, walked up to Susie, squatted down, and
hugged the golden retriever. As she combed its fur, she put her head against
the side of the dog’s face and muttered in its warmth, “Thank you, thank
you…”
Susie rubbed against her twice and asked seriously, “Audrey, is this how a
Psychiatrist feels like?
“I like it very much.”
“…”
Audrey was suddenly at a loss on whether to laugh or cry. She immediately
pursed her lips and promised, “Susie, we’ll treat each other in the future.
Yes, psychological problems!”
“Okay, Woof!” Susie answered happily.
It was only now with Audrey truly recovering that she was in the mood to
examine her own advancement.
My body seems to have become healthier. Although I don’t have any obvious
muscles, my strength and speed have become much stronger than before…
My eyesight has also improved. I can even clearly see items hidden in the
dark…
My sense of smell is able to distinguish even more subtle smells, and thus
being able to grasp a target’s truest emotions and thoughts…
I finally have Beyonder powers in the truest sense of the word. Yes, there’s
also Awe. I can target a single person or apply it to a group of people
within a certain range. They’ll instantly panic and turn chaotic as though
they’re facing a dragon.
Another is Frenzy. It will trigger the emotions and mental state of a target,
throwing the target into a frenzy. They’ll suffer intense psychological
damage and might even cause direct loss of control at times.
Another is Psychological Cue. Through specific methods, words, and a
medium, I can cue a target, letting them abide by my arrangements without
them realizing it. Or they might strongly abide by a particular promise from
the bottom of their hearts.
Another is Placate, also known as Psychoanalysis. I can help Beyonders on
the brink of losing control to regain their reason and escape danger. There’s
a certain chance of failure. The higher my Sequence, the more easily it will
succeed. It can calm down various psychological instabilities and allow for
communication.
Another is Telepathy. Through mediums like candlelight and extracts, it will
put the target in a partially hypnotic state. I’ll then be able to directly
communicate with their Body of Heart and Mind, just like what Hilbert
Alucard did to me. If not for the protection provided by Mr. Fool’s angel,
then I wouldn’t have the means to lie under such situations. Yes… I have to
be on guard against such techniques. I can’t be fooled by a target, and there
should be quite a number of means to achieve this effect…
With Placate and Telepathy, together with certain psychology knowledge,
I’ll be able to act as a true psychiatrist, the kind that can open a clinic!
Audrey’s mood rapidly improved. She finally had the feeling that she had
matured and become a qualified Beyonder.
I’m a Mid-Sequence Beyonder! There really is a qualitative change! She
stood up, lifted her skirt, and walked briskly around in a circle.
She quickly discovered that she was still lacking in direct offensive abilities
as a Psychiatrist.
Fortunately, I have this… Audrey stopped in front of the experiment table
and opened a plain brown box.
Inside the box was a silver mask that could only cover half a face. It was the
mystical item that The Hanged Man had sold her.
Audrey picked it up, placed it in her palm, and observed it for a few
seconds.
Then, she extended her spirituality and projected her thoughts just like how
she did above the gray fog.
She saw the silver mask begin to warp inwards, turning into a hollow,
finely-patterned slightly large earring.
“It might be better to turn it into a necklace,” Audrey whispered.
Afterward, she tried out the various abilities of this magical item. She was
most satisfied with her ability to fine-tune her appearance.
It’s a pity that other than Flame Controlling, it doesn’t have any other more
direct offensive powers. Perhaps I’ll need to prepare a revolver, one that
has Beyonder effects… Audrey thought with some regret.
She quickly collected her emotions and said to the mystical item in her hand
with an uplifted tone towards the end, “From today, your name is Lie. The
most beautiful lie~”
…
City of Generosity, Bayam. 48 Acid Lemon Street, Wind of Azure Inn.
It was raining heavily outside and the wind was raging, but inside the
luxurious suite, the fireplace was warm and the environment peaceful.
Klein sat in his chair and watched silently as Blazing Danitz dealt with the
severe fracture on his left arm.
He waited until Danitz was finished binding up his arm with shredded, old
clothes before asking bluntly, “What treasure?”
According to Danitz, it was because of some treasure that Admiral of Blood
Senor wanted to deal with Vice Admiral Edwina Edwards.
The sound of wind and rain came through the window. Danitz took a sip of
the Lanti Proof on the table and then gave a bitter, angry laugh.
“Those a**holes who had their brains eaten by zombies!
“On our last expedition, we found a sunken ship. Although we didn’t find
anything of great value, we discovered a gigantic black iron key that
doesn’t look like the kind used by humans. Can you imagine? After being
submerged under the sea for so many years, it hasn’t rusted at all.”
“Yes,” Klein replied in a concise manner.
In a world where extraordinariness and mystery intertwined, what wasn’t
possible?
There were people who could be resurrected from the dead, not to mention
others!
Danitz choked and paused for seven or eight seconds before he knew what
to say next.
“Perhaps there’s a traitor among us, and the news has spread. Countless
pirates believe that this is Death’s Key, a key that can open the treasure
trove Death left behind.
“I thought that this problem would be cleared up very quickly and happily
applied for a vacation. In the end, the matter became more complicated.
Even Admiral of Blood has joined the ranks of these mad pirates. I’m even
beginning to suspect that it’s Death’s Key, a key that can turn one into a true
god.”
“Foolish.” Klein calmly gave his evaluation.
Whether it was in the divination domain or dealing with deities, he could be
considered experienced. Thus, he had his own understanding and
confidence in the interpretation of Death’s Key.
He believed that the “key” was a form of revelation, a symbol. The thing
that opened Death’s treasure trove was probably not in the shape of a key,
but some kind of characteristic, bloodline, or even certain, specified people
and their descendants.
Danitz was startled for two seconds, and then he exclaimed, “Your words
are exactly the same as Captain’s previous comments, and even your
expressions are very similar.
“She suspects that the key belongs to an older era, an era not of humans.
“Before the Cataclysm, this world was still full of giants, dragons, elves,
and demonic wolves. The shape of the key indirectly points to one of
them.”
Demonic wolves… Klein suddenly recalled the ravings he often heard
during his past advancements. In it, the “Flegrea” he heard referred to the
ancient god, Annihilation Demonic Wolf.
A treasure that involves the Second Epoch? He held back his curiosity and
switched to calmly saying, “Write down everything that Admiral of Blood
has done, including Steel Maveti and his men.”
He remembered that Admiral of Blood and his pirate crew were the most
notorious groups on the ocean. Their hands were stained with blood as they
committed heinous sins.
“How can I remember? They aren’t beauties like Captain!” Danitz threw up
his hands. “I can only list the most important things and some of the details
that have left an impression on me. Wait, what do you want to do?”
Bit by bit, Klein revealed a smile, one that gave Danitz a fright.
He said in a deep voice, “If it’s appropriate, I want to hunt them.”