Chapter 266

: The World's Commission
Sequence 0?
There’s still a Sequence 0 above Sequence 1?
Sequence 0 is equivalent to a True God?
There can only be one Sequence 0 per pathway? Is this the true meaning of
the paths of the divine?
As long as one consumes the corresponding potion, does a ritual, and
grasps the acting method to digest the Beyonder characteristic, an ordinary
person can become a god one step at a time?
This is truly blasphemous…
Could the main ingredients of the final potion be the godhood, divine blood,
and body of the Eternal Blazing Sun?
…
The information on the diary’s last page was filled with so much
information that Klein almost couldn’t think. He almost made additional
body movements.
The twenty-two paths of the divine correspond to the twenty-two Sequence
0s… Sequence 0, Sun does sound very powerful… Perhaps, there’s a
Sequence 0, Death? I wonder what the names corresponding to the Goddess
and the Lord of the Storms are… According to Emperor Roselle’s
description, some of these cards are identical to the Major Arcana tarot
cards, but some of them are different. The Cards of Blasphemy he created
were standardized with the names of the potions… These can no longer be
called potions…
Could the reason that the Emperor regretted not choosing the Seer,
Apprentice, Marauder pathways be because their corresponding Sequence
0s have yet to appear?
Then what was the reason for the sudden personification of the Hidden
Sage who was symbolically a deity?
What was Roselle plotting in the end? It feels like he became the enemy of
everyone in the world, and that only seems possible if it was set into motion
by that mysterious and ancient organization…
The Primordial Demoness is the name of Sequence 0 for the Demoness
pathway?
Klein gradually found his train of thought, and he restrained the turmoil that
was going through his mind.
He knew that he couldn’t lose himself in this matter. He had to recover as
quickly as possible; otherwise, Justice and The Hanged Man would
discover something amiss and find it odd.
Mr. Fool has been reading that page too long!
I really want to obtain one of the Cards of Blasphemy that Emperor Roselle
created. I want to know what else there is — other than the godhood-
providing potion formulas and the corresponding rituals… Klein
suppressed his shock and puzzlement and made Roselle’s diary disappear
from his hands.
He rapped the corner of the bronze table and looked to the side.
“Miss Justice, well done. You finished Bakerland in less than a week.
“According to the agreement, what kind of payment do you want?”
Bakerland is dead? That fast? Alger had left the islands in the past few
days and hadn’t received the appropriate information. He was astonished
for a moment which made Audrey, who was secretly observing him, feel
delighted.
Even if Alger was in the in the capital of the Rorsted Archipelago, the City
of Generosity, Bayam, he might not have been informed in a timely fashion.
After all, cable telegraph could only transmit limited information. Unless it
was particularly urgent or important, there was always a delay of a few
days. Sometimes, it would even take the colonists of the Rorsted
Archipelago a month or two to get an update on the “latest” situation in the
Northern Continent.
Restraining his thoughts, The Hanged Man looked at Mr. Fool in the thick
fog and respectfully said with a hint of humility, “I’m very sorry. I just
managed to contact someone and couldn’t help.”
“This is a commission, not a help request. Don’t worry about it.” Klein
chuckled. He turned his gaze back to Miss Justice, waiting for her to say
what she wanted in return.
May the Goddess bless me. Please don’t let Miss Justice’s request be too
difficult. It’s best if I can repay her with knowledge… I’ve learned quite a
lot of amazing things from Roselle’s diary… Klein silently prayed to the
Goddess.
Of course, he was very clear that with the gray fog separating them, the
Evernight Goddess definitely wouldn’t be able to hear his prayers.
Audrey’s eyes darted around as she thought for a few seconds.
Be honest and not greedy, Audrey, and stick to your principles! She gave a
faint smile and said, “No, I’m actually the one still owing you. No—I owe
your adorer the bounty.
“Rear Admiral Qilangos’s bounty was worth a total of 30,000 pounds. I
should give your adorer 15,000 pounds. Killing Bakerland cost 10,000
pounds, so I still need to pay an additional 5000 pounds. However, due to
the matter with Bakerland, my finances are recently quite tight. I can only
pay this bounty in a few months. Mr. Fool, is that alright?”
After she finished speaking, Audrey quietly exhaled. She felt that the little
stone pressing against her heart was finally gone.
Although discussing money and calculating the payment in front of Mr. Fool
feels somewhat inappropriate, I can’t hide the rewards I received from his
adorer…Audrey sighed silently.
As for the huge plantation worth more than eight thousand pounds, it was a
private form of gratitude from Duke Negan and not a bounty.
5000 pounds? I can get another 5000 pounds? Qilangos’s total bounty
actually reached 30,000 pounds! Klein was startled.
Immediately, he fell into an intense mental struggle.
I’m supposed to pay this bounty to Mr. Azik, but I won’t be able to get in
touch with him for a long time… Putting the money aside would be a
waste… I might as well use this money to enhance myself. When the time
comes, I’ll repay him by providing help… Klein made up his mind three
seconds later as he lightly nodded at Miss Justice.
“Sure.”
Upon hearing Mr. Fool’s response, Audrey’s graceful seating posture
remained the same, but her heart was completely relaxed.
At that moment, Klein leaned back in his chair and fell silent. Then, he
manipulated his smurf secretly from a commandeering position.
The World coughed and said, “Can I speak now?”
Audrey looked at Mr. Fool and seeing that he didn’t say a thing, she nodded
slightly and said, “Sure.”
At the same time, she once again did a read on the new member, The World,
and made a judgment.
When I mentioned that the assassination of Ambassador Bakerland was a
result of my commissioning, he didn’t show any shock or surprise. He either
doesn’t know the importance of the matter, not understanding the
importance of an ambassador, or he’s someone who can keep his calm and
is good at hiding his emotions and bodily movements… The way he mouths
his words doesn’t match what he says. It should’ve been translated by Mr.
Fool as well, which makes it impossible for me to get his original vocal tics,
or know what language he usually uses… Thoughts flashed through
Audrey’s mind before Mr. World’s hoarse voice sounded.
“I wish to obtain the true root of a Mist Treant, at least 60 milliliters of its
juice, as well as the Spring of the Elves marrow crystals and the complete
spinal fluid of a Dark Patterned Black Panther.
“Which one of you can provide it, or provide any relevant clues?
“What do you wish to exchange them for?”
Klein added the Beyonder ingredient needed by the Apothecary to his
commission so that the Tarot Club members wouldn’t be able to guess the
main ingredients of the formula he wanted.
Before Justice and The Hanged Man could react, The Sun who had been
silent the entire time finally opened his mouth and said, “I know where Mist
Treants are and I can help you obtain the materials. However, I must wait
until I finish my advancement and have sufficient strength to join the
corresponding patrol team.”
Recently, he had been accumulating merit points and rewards. He was
working hard to obtain the main ingredients for the Light Suppliant through
the City of Silver’s officials and private markets. He was still lacking quite
a bit.
As expected of the dangerous City of Silver with its numerous monsters…
Klein silently commented in admiration, allowing The World to ask, “Then
what do you wish to receive in exchange?”
Without hesitation, Derrick replied, “A weapon that suits me and can
increase my combat strength.”
The reason why he didn’t mention the corresponding ingredients for Light
Suppliant was because City of Silver had them all. They could be obtained
through his own hard work.
Upon hearing this request, Klein immediately thought of the inscribed steel
sword that had appeared at the Beyonder gathering organized by the elderly
gentleman, Eye of Wisdom.
It was sharp enough, had the effect of exorcism and purification, and could
be used for three years. It was valued at 500 pounds, perfectly matching
The Sun’s described requirements.
Why didn’t you say so earlier… It has already been bought by someone
else… Klein silently stared at the members, while The World nodded and
said, “I will find a weapon that meets your requirements as soon as
possible. Is this transaction to be witnessed by Mr. Fool?”
Klein nodded slightly to express his agreement.
At that moment, Audrey shot a glance at The Sun and warned him.
“Apart from the Mist Treant’s juice, Mr. World’s requested ingredients
correspond to a Sequence 7. The rough price is about 500-700 pounds.”
She felt that The Sun was too naive and was worried that he would be
cheated by the unreadable Mr. World with cheap weapons.
Although Mr. Fool is impartial and advocates fair equal exchange, it’s not
his place to stop it if both sides agree. After all, some items are of low value
but there are people who are in urgent need, so adding a premium to the
price is very normal…Audrey thought to herself.
“A Sequence 7 formula is about 800 pounds,” Alger added.
He had an instinctive aversion towards new members.
Klein translated with great difficulty, for he didn’t know what the currency
unit of the pound corresponded to in the City of Silver, and could only use a
Series 9 potion formula as a unit.
“I understand.” Derrick slightly nodded, and then quietly added, “… Thank
you.”
The World maintained his silent and staid temperament and didn’t comment
on what had just happened. He turned to Justice and The Hanged Man,
waiting for their response.
Audrey thought for a few seconds and said, “Potion formula for Psychiatrist
and their corresponding Beyonder ingredients. Uh… That’s Sequence 7 of
the Spectator pathway.
“You can gather the information first, and there’s no rush to purchase them.
Once I have clues regarding the Dark Patterned Black Panther and Spring
of the Elves marrow crystals, we can proceed. Uh… if you are willing to
exchange it for gold pounds, you can buy it at any time.”
Although I’m out of money recently, I can still raise quite a bit if it’s
urgent… Audrey comforted herself.
Alger said in a deep voice, “Potion formula of the Sailor pathway’s
Sequence 6 Wind-blessed. This will be more expensive than the Beyonder
ingredients that you want—combined.
“If you find it, you can think of the additional payment needed to make up
for the difference.
“I can’t guarantee that I’ll be able to help you gather those ingredients.
Even if it’s just one of them, you don’t need to expend any resources ahead
of time.”
Eh, Mr. Hanged Man should have a close relationship with the Church of
the Lord of Storms… He should be able to get the Wind-blessed formula
normally, right? Is he trying to hide the fact that he’s digesting the Seafarer
potion quickly? Klein was startled.
“Alright,” The World answered in a low voice and then said, “I have
another request.”