Chapter 805

: Meeting Up
Inside the building of the Relic Search and Preservation Foundation,
Audrey, whose thoughts were undergoing an upheaval, blinked. She took
note of her body language and expressions as she drew a crimson moon on
her chest in a half-genuine manner. She said with a sigh, “What a tragedy. I
hope that their spirits can rest in peace.”
The reason she had guessed that the archaeological team had comprised of
members of the Psychology Alchemists was that she had previously
received a mission to help the organization obtain a notebook related to the
Twenty Year War from Associate Professor Michele. And this notebook
belonged to the knight from Hartlarkh Village, Lindelira.
Back then, Audrey had made a request to Mr. Fool and relied on magic
mirror divination to determine the origins of the notebook. She discovered
that it was deeply connected to the village that worshiped dragons. As she
knew ahead of time that there was a mind dragon hiding within the sea of
collective subconscious, she ultimately chose to hand over the notebook to
the Psychology Alchemists in consideration of her lacking Sequence and
strength.
That also meant that the Psychology Alchemists had quite a significant
chance of locking onto Hartlarkh Village through the notebook before
heading over to find their target.
Another factor that Audrey used in her judgment was the strange mental
illness that the archaeological team suffered. It had spread like a plague,
causing the people to go mad in batches.
In the real world, there was a probability that mental illnesses were
hereditary, but it was almost impossible to be contagious. But in the
mysterious world, in the world of the mind and consciousness, chaos and
madness could be spread to others through spirit channeling, dreams, and
the subconscious!
And hidden in Hartlarkh Village was a mind dragon that had lived for
years!
The Psychology Alchemists had found Hartlarkh Village through the
notebook, and the threatened mind dragon used this ingenious method to
spread mental corruption? “He” might’ve achieved this through the sea of
collective subconscious… The Beyonder world sure is dangerous. This
small team must’ve been formed by a selection of Beyonders, but they ended
their lives in such a simple and ridiculous manner… As Audrey thought
about it, she was glad that she had made a sufficiently rational decision. She
hadn’t willfully used the knight’s notebook to explore Hartlarkh Village.
Otherwise, there would probably have been an addition name to the list of
members who went mad.
Thanks to Mr. Fool. Thanks to the other members of the Tarot Club. Thanks
to Qilangos who previously infiltrated in disguise. They allowed me to still
recognize the hidden dangers despite my lack of actual experience in the
domain of mysticism. It made me sufficiently cautious… Audrey silently
thought in gratitude.
At that moment, her recalling her performance when she first joined the
Tarot Club had made her wish to bury her head in her pillows to roar at
herself:
Audrey, you were that naive and immature back then!
Thankfully, you met Mr. Fool. If it were any other secret existence, you
would’ve long gone mad or turned into a monster!
Mr. Fool is such a nice man! No, such a nice orthodox god!
By the side, Associate Professor Michele noticed that Audrey had been
silent. He said with a heavy nod, “Yes, it truly is a tragedy that strikes one
with fear.
“I only wish that the government has already handled the matter and
prevented the contagious mental illness from becoming a plague.”
Don’t worry, unless that mind dragon loses control and plans to challenge
the three Churches, there won’t be any more victims of that mental illness…
Audrey replied silently.
From her point of view, the official Beyonders had already taken on the
case. After all, a contagious mental illness was definitely going to be under
the purview of the official Beyonders.
Therefore, the dragon coat of arms in the glass case must’ve been
determined to be fine before being donated to the foundation. The police
department didn’t have such authority!
While Audrey felt pity for the archaeological team who were suspected to
be Psychology Alchemists members, as though she had experienced the
tragedy for herself, she was curious if the mind dragon remained in the
vicinity of Hartlarkh Village.
To hide in the sea of collective subconscious with one’s actual body would
probably make it difficult to be discovered… However, the three Churches
have a long history. In the Fourth Epoch or even earlier, they must’ve had
bouts with mind dragons, so perhaps they have the corresponding records
about it… Besides, the Psychology Alchemists is in control of the Spectator
pathway and has the existence of High-Sequence Beyonders. Their
comprehension of the sea of collective subconscious can’t be much weaker
than the mind dragon’s. After suffering a terrible failure due to the lack of
information, they will definitely send a very powerful team… Hmm,
although that mind dragon was stronger than what the Psychology
Alchemists expected, it probably wouldn’t stay there to be discovered. It
should’ve left… Audrey made an inference based on what she knew.
She didn’t have any thoughts of visiting Hartlarkh Village to figure out the
truth, because she long knew that the present her lacked the strength to deal
with the mind dragon.
Her only intentions were to mention the matter at the next Tarot Club, and
see if the other members could provide any feedback or any valuable
knowledge. For example, it might be that the mind dragon had entered the
sea of collective subconscious because of the local worship of dragons, or it
could be that the mind dragon’s inhabitation of the sea of collective
subconscious caused the villagers to dream of it; thus, being subconsciously
influenced and having the tradition of worshiping the dragon.
…
On Friday afternoon, Klein received the invitation list for the ball
tomorrow. He began to seriously memorize the topics he needed to discuss
with different guests.
When meeting Member of Parliament Macht, I need to make remarks about
the recent good air in Backlund, and make a few jokes about the Loen
Kingdom Imperial Science Institute… As Klein memorized each line, he
suddenly heard stacked illusory pleas.
A man… Based on how long it’s been, it’s most likely Mr. Hanged Man… In
thought, Klein put down the piece of paper in his hand and gulped down a
mouthful of black tea before leaving the half-open room with the big
balcony to head for the master bedroom’s bathroom.
He took four steps counterclockwise and went above the gray fog, and he
discovered that it was indeed The Hanged Man.
This man had requested the honorable Fool to inform The World that he had
arrived at the capital of the Rorsted Archipelago, City of Generosity,
Bayam. He could head for the primitive island in two days after he
replenished his supplies.
He wanted The World to begin preparations so that they could meet in time.
He also indicated that if he lacked the means to head for the primitive, he
could arrange for The World to secretly board the Blue Avenger.
Board the Blue Avenger and bring a bunch of sailors from the Church of
Storms to the vicinity of the primitive island? How long can the Sanguine’s
anesthetic gas you bought from Emlyn last? Will there be enough time to
explore? Klein thought for a moment and conjured The World Gehrman
Sparrow, making him pray devoutly, “…There’s no need to go through that
much trouble.
“You should have freedom of movement in Bayam. Meet at the cemetery
outside the city at midnight today.
“Before that, replenish your stores.”
…
Bayam, in an inn.
Alger frowned slightly after hearing The World Gehrman Sparrow’s words.
He did have freedom of movement in the City of Generosity. This was
because the sailors were eager to head to places like the Red Theater. They
were definitely not returning tonight, and after waking up in the day, it was
almost certain that they would head to a casino to gamble to let themselves
loose. It was to vent the repression and misery that resulted from drifting
out at sea for extended periods of time.
That also meant that even if Alger disappeared for a night and a day, no one
would discover it.
…Is The World implying that we use this interval? That is indeed better
than using the Sanguine’s anesthetic gas. I’ve already used it twice, so who
knows if someone is already suspicious about it and is waiting for his
theory to be validated… But without a ship, how do we head for the
primitive island… Oh, Leymano’s Travels? Miss Magician did mention that
it has the Beyonder power of Teleportation. However, there’s only one page,
making it impossible for a return trip… Alger relied on his strong ability to
connect matters to vaguely guess at Gehrman Sparrow’s intent, but he
believed that the necessary conditions were lacking.
With these doubts in mind, he found his contact with the Resistance and
replenished his Storm charms that were made with tin.
When it was eleven at night, Alger secretly left his inn and headed out of
the city under the shadows.
He wasn’t worried that the sailors would discover his disappearance
because he too had physical needs. It was possible that he was sleeping in a
lady’s bed in the Red Theater and was unwilling to return. And there were
many such brothels in Bayam, with many prostitutes in existence. It was
impossible to say that there was something wrong with him because he
wasn’t at the Red Theater.
Once he left Bayam, Alger walked on a narrow road where horse carriages
couldn’t pass as he headed for the mountainside of the mountain range
beside the sea.
Suddenly, his gaze froze as he noticed something.
Under the crimson moonlight’s illumination, the mountain that originally
existed had vanished!
And the area underneath, such as the piled stones, vegetation, and terrain,
changed almost completely!
This… Alger had come from the Resistance’s private harbor earlier. He
hadn’t managed to pay close attention to the mountain; hence, he only
noticed the abnormality at that moment!
The mountain collapsed? It actually collapsed? Right, it was previously
mentioned in the papers that Bayam encountered a shallow earthquake,
with its might being focused in the mountain range outside the city… Also,
the Church’s deacon said that Gehrman Sparrow nearly destroyed Bayam,
and that matter had demigods involved… Both of them occurred during the
same period… Could it be caused by Gehrman Sparrow? He instigated a
demigod-level battle, and he managed to successfully escape while killing
Admiral of Blood? Alger’s pupils dilated as his footsteps slowed down to a
halt.
He suddenly understood why the Church of Storms had placed great
importance on Gehrman Sparrow, and why he had a bounty worth as much
as fifty thousand pounds!
In the undamaged cemetery up ahead, a cold wind blew across it and
towards Alger in the silent night. It made him tremble involuntarily.
At that moment, Alger’s heart stirred as he turned his head to look right.
Underneath a giant tree, a figure quickly outlined itself in the shade.
This figure had his hand on his top hat while he slowly looked up, revealing
a thin face and cut features. The emotionless dark brown eyes were none
other than Gehrman Sparrow’s.